I do a lot of shopping at Copps because 1) it's close and 2) I usually frequent Copps as a change of pace from the smaller markets and co-ops.

As far as large chain grocery stores go, Copps has a wide selection in pretty much every food category, including a coffee stand, bakery, butcher, salad bar, and deli (whose workers are the most surly you've probably ever encountered). There's a selection of organic foods that is decent for a chain grocery, a good cheese aisle, and a well-stocked liquor section. 

Copps has weekly sales from time to time, often on its own line of products, but prices in general tend to be middle of the road or higher for your usual goods. Be sure to get a Copps card (its free) to take advantage of the sales.

If you have a chance, I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items, particularly the service counters (deli, bakery, etc.). Having visited this Shopko location after encountering the westside Copps made things look a little bit drearier...
THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda.
It's a Copps. They generally have higher prices than I'd like, and I find their image-signs in the frozen food completely counter-intuitive, but it's clean, the food is decently fresh, and if we're in the area we'll stop in for a thing or two, but we won't go out of our way to go here. We'd much rather go to HyVee.

The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly, and no one outstandingly rude.
We have been shopping at this location since we moved into the neighborhood this past year. Copp's (the past year or two) has really gone down hill. We normally do our big shopping at Woodman's because it's cheaper. We'd go to this Copp's more but 1, the prices are higher MUCH higher than almost any place in Madison.

 Also they have a horrible time having things in stock. A lot of shelves are barely stocked (during the week even) and the signs in the frozen area are dumb, having lame pictures isn't helping me find products.  

If they updated a few things, had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim/dark. Makes me feel unsafe.
Again... not a fan of Copps, in general. This one seems a bit older and a bit more in need of a facelift, but it's not bad. Wide aisles, plenty of check outs, and decent produce. 

Prices are typically higher than Woodman's, but Copps allows the use of credit cards (or using your debit card as a credit card, which I do because my bank gives me 5% cashback when I do).

Bakery items are usually stellar - especially the chocolate donuts. ;-)
For some time, my idea of an absolutely perfect lunch was to go to vintage market, get a great salad, a plate of cheese and fruit and a bottle of wine.  On a great weather day, sitting outside and watching the people stroll by, there isn't much better.  Mind you, you can't do that often, but it's wonderful when you can.  It's the closest I've seen for feeling like you're sitting at a Paris market outside a busy street.  

They have great sandwiches too.  And if you aren't in the mood for my ideal lunch fantasy, they can still help you pick out a great glass of wine to go with your sandwich before you run over to see a move at Esplanade.  Or, buy a whole bottle of wine to enjoy after the movie.  I've always been given great assistance in picking out the perfect bottle.  I can almost taste it now....
Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.
This is a biker friendly bar. Ice cold beer with a good selection. Excellent burgers. During the summer they have live music on Friday nights. Once it cools down outside though they have live music on Fri-Sat starting in the afternoons.
This place has really gone downhill over the past few years. I've been going here for about 3 years (work in the area) and I've seen it go through many changes and it has changed owners and as the new owners continue to change things.

First, smoking lounge is gone and they're now making way for the "Blue Adobe Trading Post" where they will continue to sell the horribly tacky, garish, and overpriced rhinestone handbags, shirts, and belts that they've been selling at the bar section recently.

It also seems like they change out the furniture every two months or so. I don't get why they keep doing this, how they can afford to buy so much furniture, and what the reason for it is. The place is also kept a little too dark for what its trying to be.

The menu used to be pretty large, but is pretty overpriced for what they offer and for the place. They cut the menu down to a page or two a few weeks ago, but it is still overpriced.
Great Reuben. They definitely know how to make a sandwich.
Food is decent .... nothing to rave about, portions are good and fairly priced.
If you are driving through Florence you must stop in and grab a bite to eat. Large outside patio with smoking and a great view.
My family hosted the First Annual Eddie Martinez Cinco de Mayo at the River Bottom Grill on 5/4/13 and it was awesome!!! River Bottom went above and beyond to help make this a successful fundraising event! The food and drinks were great and the space was perfect for the event.  There was a bounce house and water slide for the kids along with facepainting, sno cones, silent auction, cake auction, etc.  It was amazing to see the town of Florence come together to support my cousin's husband, Eddie in his battle against cancer.  My husband and I will definitely be back and look forward to next year's event!
So a wildfire (no joke) forced us to turn around on Highway 77 and head back to Globe and then take Highway 79 back to Tucson after a day of boating on Roosevelt Lake.  Using Yelp I found the River Bottom Grill in Florence and it was the perfect stop.  It is a smaller place, more of a bar but also has a good menu with many options.

I ordered the Atomic Burger with garlic fries.  The burger was pretty good and was topped with cheese, bacon, jalapenos and siracha sauce.  Overall it was pretty good and hit the spot.  The garlic fries were great though!  They were steak fries covered in chunks of garlic and some melted garlic butter...my breath still smells like garlic!

The wife ordered the Cowboy Burger with regular steak fries and she said it was pretty good as well.

For the size of the bar they had a decent selection of beers on tap.  They had San Tan Devil's Ale, Blue Moon, 1755, Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy and a bunch of the big brewery beers.

A great little stop if you ever find yourself in Florence!
My wife & I stopped in for the first time yesterday. We were a little learly because of all the bikers there. Went in anyway because we were hungry. The bikers were all over 50 and behaving themselves. Nice bar and outside patio where they had  good music. The burger was good and the home made sweet potato fries were excellent. The beer was cold and good choices. We both had a dark draft beer. Service was excellent. My only negavive comment is the cook shouts out ORDER READY whenever a order is ready for pickup. It gets annoying when you are seated close to the kitchen. OWNER PLEASE BUY THE COOK A BELL. ONE DING IS ALL U NEED.
AVOID THIS PLACE and save your money! Went there 3/1/2014 with my 2 kids and had a horrible experience. Far from family friendly. We also took a certificate from restaurant.com since they say they accept them and they refused to take it from us. The food is 100% greasy food and way over priced. Find another place and save your money so that you are not disappointed and waste your hard earned money!
This is by far the worst meal I have had at a restaurant in years. How on earth can you screw up a pulled pork sandwich-twice!  First it was burnt on the edges but cold inside, then when I sent it back they obviously nuked it so long that it was literally not chewable. The fries were soggy and greasy. Add the lousy service to that and count it as the perfect home of a very lousy meal. On the bright side, at least the beer was cold. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.
Planned a little day trip and drive to Florence, Arizona, and knew I had to stop here for lunch.  Hadn't been here in about four years, but seemed to have remembered liking this place . . . and my memory was correct.

The beer was good and cold . . . had a couple of Shock Top drafts . . . the wait staff and bartenders were cheerful and talkative . . . the atmosphere was as I remembered it . . . kinda biker / dive barish.

Ordered the Road King burger and steak fries . . . burger was good, not great (three napkins), and would have like it a little less done (more toward medium) . . . and the steak fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside . . . just the way I like them.

I will definitely be back . . . even if I have to plan a day trip again.
Spending the day with my Aunt and Mom we stopped in here to have a beer. The crappiest beer I've ever had. If you're not a Florence local first thank your lucky stars and second prepare to be stared at. The bartender needs to wear a clean bra if she's going to wear a shirt that showcases it. Well, she needs to wear a bra that fits.
After having a great time riding around town, stopped here and had some brewskis and a snack or two. My sis, daughter, and I ordered some draft beers. They got Bud lights, and I got a Sierra Nevada something or other as they were out of Fat Tire on tap. Should have ordered bottles. The beer was not cold, and we all like our beers ice cold. Sis and daughter ordered burgers and fries, and I ordered an order of garlic fries (was worried about vampires in the area, lol). They said their burgers were ok, and the garlic fries were as promised- garlicky. Thank goodness Pixie had gum when we left. I ordered a margarita on the rocks, and I'd give it a 7/10 limes. Honestly, it was better than I expected.  We are not locals and needed a place for a cold one or two. This place fits that bill. I do wish there would have been a juke box to play.
More and more nightlife keeps popping up in G-town (aka Gilbert) and Crabby Don's is at the height of it all. This relaxed bar, located in a strip mall, offers a full menu with seafood offerings. Drinks are cheap. And the bar has turned into more of a club after 9 p.m. where you'll find bands like the Phunk Junkeez taking the mic.

And the staff here is nice! Still waiting to meet that Crabby Don.
I went to Crabby Don's before AZ went smoke-free and it was miserable. So the only reason  I'm giving this crap hole two stars is based on the highly unlikely possibility that now that none of the metalheads in there can blow smoke in my face, that it might be a little more cool.  But its doubtful.

Ah metalheads...not my kind of person.  Sorry.  Not my kind of music either.  So freaking loud you cant hear your friends literally screaming in your ear over the screaming metalheads.  Annoying.  Bathrooms were filthy and there was a girl snorting coke off the sink.  Have some tact metalheads.  

This place sucked, even for Gilbert.
I have issues with bar's in strip centers.  But this one wasn't half bad.  Went for a AZ Derby Dames event then went to see the Phunk Junkeez.  It's a laid back kinda place that I usually take a liking to.
Crabby Don's is technically a sports bar, but I like to go there because it is one of the few local spots for East Valley denizens to catch live, original music on the weekends.  And when I say east, I'm talking east of the loop 101.  I appreciate the fact that they have live bands, and it's only a few miles from the house, making it an affordable cab ride home, or worst case scenario, a long walk.  

The kitchen is open until 11pm on the weekends which is nice, I ordered the fish and chips with onion rings as a side, which was pretty tasty and would easily feed two people.  They also have a crazy long happy hour, but I forget what the exact hours are.   I dig their slogan as well, "The Liver is Evil and must be Punished!"

Tonight the service was great, Sean/Shawn deserves special praise as a bartender.  In addition to being a great bartender, he gave me the low-down on the best bacon-aversion routes to avoid the Gilbert Gestapo and make it home safely from the bar.   Turns out the pretext that 70% of the local DUI victims get pulled over for is swinging too wide while making a left hand turn onto Baseline, that is, not sticking to the innermost left hand lane.  So if you're leaving the bar, try to plan your exit so that you only make a right hand turn, and STAY IN YOUR LANE.   

SO....now that I've gotten that of my chest, let's continue with the review, shall we?

The crowd is pretty much East Valley'ish if you know what I mean, most people were outside on one of the two patios enjoying the summer night.  Kinda dead tonight inside the main room, there is a another back room with a shuffle board and full bar separated by glass doors.   Granted it's quite a bit smaller than the main room indoors, although it always  seems to be a bit more crowded for its size than the rest of the bar.

Door cover was $5 and the two bands that I saw tonight were pretty decent.  The second one had good sound, was technically proficient, moved around, and the first thing I thought to myself was "these guys must be heavily influenced by Incubus".  This was confirmed later that night when they played a cover of Drive.   

The restrooms here are nice, better than the most I've been in lately, although they were out of paper towels.  Tons of parking available.  Decor in the bar is contemporary, although I'm not super big on the blood red walls that make the band/stage corner.  The ceiling is all exposed and painted black.  

You can usually catch what's going via the bar's myspace page.   Open mic Thursday night,  DJ's usually play Friday night, bands on Saturday night.
So not my scene. 

From the heavy metal screaming in one room to the juke box that never plays your songs in the other, this place left something to desire. It's no wonder I call this place Crappy Don's. 

To give them credit - and 2 stars - they had a couple good craft beers available, a dart board, pool table and beanbag game. It's not the worst bar I've ever had the misfortune of walking into yet it's not the best, by any stretch of the imagination.
I must have gone on a rare night compared to these other reviews (ok so what we were already trashed) but we loved this place. The band was playing 90's grunge, the crowd was fun, and the burgers are to f*n DIE for..  definitely a good bar for being on the east side of town. and JAKE RULES !!! xox
I don't even know where to begin....which is ironic because it was hard to find this typical east valley type bar-in-a-strip-mall. I really wasn't sure what to make of the place with the crabby face on the door. 
There are couple different areas to the place and when packed I could see it having a college house party charm. But empty, you just get the smell of fried food and punching while watching younger folks who think they got dressed up to go to Scottsdale but instead ended up in a Gilbert strip mall.
I was here to listen to some accoustic sets - not the best  venue for that. Distracted by the TVs, Golden Tee video screen, and a real punching bag game machine (as macho as it gets boys)...So I had one drink, one drink only ($6.50 for Jameson's...really Toby?!?!) and am still perplexed at what this place is trying to be and why they would let people punch a bag during an accoustic music set. Big patio outside, big room inside with a stage and punching machine, and a smaller room for darts and pool. It was kind of like the place I worked back in Iowa that had a buffet, bowling alley, roller rink and minigolf. you can't be all things to all people...but maybe in Gilbert that's a possibility.
Always have great food and cold beer. The staff is great and never make you feel like you have been lost in the crowd. Great live music several nights a week and even better karaoke. They have everything from old pinball to a nice new shuffleboard table. Overall a great laidback bar if your getting out of work or just want to grab a cold one.
Hands down the worst bar I've been to in Arizona. The place was filthy and full of only men. I went there with my sister and we were pretty uncomfortable, to say the least. Not my scene at all.
One of the best CHEERS style Bar's in Arizona, everyone knows everyone, the Bands are great on the weekend, food is good too. They will put on any game you want on the TV's a lot of fun to visit.
What can I say... if I were Don and owned this place, I would likely be a little crabby too.  Shouldn't have been too surprised though considering this is a bar in a strip-mall, but I had high hopes since it's across from fancy-schmancy Val Vista Lakes.

I like dive bars, don't get me wrong, but this place was just kind of weird.  We walked in and it felt like a big empty room... which it really was actually.  I'm not sure if it's a dance floor at night perhaps?  But it was just a strange feeling and layout. 

The place was dead, I could count the number of people in there on 1 hand (granted it was like 5pm on a Thursday, but hello... happy hour anyone?) and it was also super quiet and awkward (hello, MUSIC anyone?).

We had one drink and left.  Not the worst dive bar I've been to, but certainly not even close to being the best.
It sucks that Yelp won't let me give this dump less than one star. DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT waste your time at this bar. Nobody goes to this bar. There might be 30 people there when a band plays, but if there is no band the bar is a ghost town. The bar could be cool, but there are like 5 owners who have no business running a bar. Go into the bar on a Friday night and you will know what I mean. The main owner must have deep pockets to keep funneling money into this waste zone. Give up and let somebody else make a good bar in that location. Stop over charging for drinks. It doesn't take a college grad to figure out lower drink prices and hot waitresses bring in paying customers.
Very disappointing. Originally came to restaurant on a recommendation and was impressed, but after 5 years away i did not like the changes. The place has turned into a dive bar, and the servers are truly crabby. It is impossible to tell who is a guest and who is a server. The food is mediocre, service and atmosphere terrible. I will stay away from this restaurant and would advise others to do the same.
Horrible atmosphere, horrible service. Our group of about 12 have given this place a shot several times as it is close to our neighborhood!!!  Forget it!!!  We will cab it and go to another establishment further away with much more to offer!!!   Stay away from this dive , don't waste your money here!!!
Awesome little place. Karaoke on Sunday nights is fun. Also it's a cool place to go see local bands play.
There is a shuffle board table and pool table, but that is about all this place has going for it.  The bar staff is friendly, but this is a dive bar.
I really like this little dive bar and was quite taken back by the fact they were shut down yesterday. I'm a frequent visitor, and they have a decent selection on the jukebox (touchtunes). The food is typical bar fare, but decent.. got a kickin' deal on chicken wings on a Monday night. I hope they recover because they are the best thing for a dive bar fan in Gilbert!
Courtney is the bomb best bartender in AZ  She is awesome. Wanna get good service and have a good time come here! Lots of fun and friendly people!
My hubby and I were out driving around running errands from Tempe to Mesa to Gilbert and with the heat were just downright delirious and in a huge need for a cold adult beverage.  We saw the sign for Crabby Don's, thought it was funny and decided to give it a try.  At 11:30 a.m. on a Monday it was pretty slow, but the bartender was staying busy multi-tasking.  Looked like she was setting up glasses for both bars and attending to a couple of patrons who were sitting at the bar.  She still found time to be friendly and helpful with us and we did not feel neglected at all.  

We were thrilled to find $2 Rolling Rocks and then when I asked about food, I noticed they had Breckenridge Brewing SummerBright Ale on tap.  (I'm easily distracted when it comes to beer).  It's not often I see a BB beer here in this area, so we gave that a try.  Not too shabby.  Definitely a passable summer lager.  We didn't want a full meal so shared the sliders.  Very simple cheeseburger sliders, but they had a good grilled flavor and the buns had been grilled too which is a simple touch that I like a lot.  I also like that they give you 4 instead of 3, like a lot of places do.   4 is perfect for sharing with the one you love, or the one you want to love for that night.

Overall it was a good dark cool divey place for a pit stop with a good drink selection.  The food prices aren't too bad either and it's the typical bar food menu.  I'm probably too old and square to enjoy the bands, etc. they get in there, but I would definitely stop in again if I'm out in the area.
Love this place the service is great good is Delish! My new dive
This place kinda reminds me of Patty's pub from it's always sunny.Not much action going on and mostly dudes hanging out shooting the sh!t.The service is good,the food is okay and they have an arcade punch machine that I enjoy wasting my money on.
Good food, good beer, good service, and i can choose between concert side or just drinking side.
Very nice staff excellent food and a great place to see live bands
Sat for 20 minutes and never got served. Crabby Don's should be Crappy Don's. Left for Mexican restaurant across the street.
Not a dive bar. At all. I'd call it a typical sports bar. Good bar food. I had the French Dip & loved it!  
Reasonably priced food & drinks. A bucket of Coors lights / $10.  $2. Rolling Rocks.
Couldn't tell ya about the liquor...  Couldn't get anyone to buy me any!! lol
Saw a live band at Crabby Don's. 
This was the first time I've been to this little dive bar. 
The location was pretty funky - graffiti art on the wall behind the band. 
The bar seemed fully stocked top to bottom shelf.  For a small dive the tap selection is AWESOME.
Since it was really loud, we ordered from the Bar Keep with a series of hand gestures. It was funny but very effective.  

The bar is technically two pieces, one side for live music and one side for the "drinking crowd" 
I also saw that they serve food, which I wish I had tried some, because it smelled pretty good.

Overall, it was a dive bar, with a great beer selection.
The staff (Taylor) was great!  The wings are larger than normal and delicious!  Caribbean and hot combo!  Great music!  I'd definitely come here again. :-)
This is the only Big Dog's I've been to, and it is surprisingly nice considering the surrounding neighborhood.  I noticed that there were several families dining in the restaurant portion of the building.  I like the Wisconsin theme that they have going.  The steak and brat sandwich is an orgy of meat on a bun, and not terribly expensive.  I really really like the beers, especially the pale ale and the Red Hydrant Ale.  I just wish that they had a location much closer to where I live.
Came here mostly for the in-house brewed root beer - it did not disappoint.  Potato skins, awesome, but nothing creative here, just traditional.  I asked for a Big Dog burger, wanted it medium rare, tasted like well done.  Regretfully, if I'm coming hungry, the entree had better be right.  Service was ok, server kept getting check wrong, but was friendly enough.  It's also a bit out of the way from everything, I would say it's worth trying at least once if you're near the area.
This Big Dog's carries the Big Dog brewed rootbeer. So if you like rootbeer they have it.

However there menu is overpriced, but not so much when they run their whole, buy $75 on a gift card get $25 back, and also get on their reward plan so you get fatty discounts. 

Yeah, it's on north nellis, and the surrounding area isn't very "pretty" but that's my eastside ghetto I live in and I love it! Real cities are like that and at least this part of Vegas has the best rootbeer in Nevada, dare I say the US!

The happy hour chicken wings during NFL football are my favorite with bbq sauce $5 for about a dozen...Damn I want some now! 

Also the major company does these beer tasting events which I want to go to but have no one to go with. So I think it's a hell of a place. But I am biased by the inhouse brewed rootbeer!
Regular bar to drink a beer and catch a game, I was there for a Monday night game.

The service was not great, since they were all taking care of a large group of men, about 25 mainly the military look, probably from Nellis AF.

i've been to may breweries in my day and this was not impressive would not make it in Portland OR, I ordered the IPA and their version of a Stout and they both came up short.
Could be done better, but earns a star for being just 2 blocks away from my house!

I'll try the root beer next.
There are a few Big Dogs Brewery locations out here in Vegas but since this one is close to my house, I decided to check it out.  I drive by here every day and before realizing that it was a Big Dogs Brewery, it kind of blended into the drab of the North Nellis scenery.  The surrounding neighborhood isn't much to look at (with all the used car and tire shops littered about) but considering, Big Dogs was actually a pleasant surprise with it's nicely arranged interior and inviting atmosphere.  Right when we walked in, there was a sign of all the Big Dog brews they had on tap and aside from the subtle hilarity of the beer names they had, it was actually nice to see what you can order and not have to ask the server.  So I sat down, ordered the 38 special (which was not bad, I might add), and was surprised to see my beer come with a bowl of pretzels.  Not sure if that's common but I've never gotten pretzels, or any other snack for that matter, at a bar so that is definitely a plus.  Plus, the bartender kept refilling the bowl all night so I can't complain.  I also saw that they had a rootbeer on tap and I figured it must be good if they brewed it because locally brewed rootbeer is bound to be awesome.  I ordered a rootbeer and tasted it and it was pretty damn killer!  I'm not really a fan of rootbeer but this was enough to get me to order a glass every time I come here in the future.  Aside from that, everything else was pretty good.  They had numerous amounts of video poker machines available and 10 different TVs to watch (yes I counted them all haha).  The servers could've been a little more friendly and inviting but the fact that they gave us coins to put into their charity jar (1 for each beer that we drank) to make donations to local/national charities was awesome and made up for the lack of communication haha.  I'll drink a beer, or two, or three for charity any day haha!  Definitely looking forward to coming back here again and maybe I'll review the food if I eat there next time.
Come here almost every Tuesday with friends. 

Their homemade cheese curds are pretty good, as well as most of their appetizers. They have good deals on Tuesdays, 2 for 1 burgers and discounts on beer. 

I'm not a big beer drinker but my husband and friends come here for that particular reason. This place brews it themselves. I do enjoy their also home brewed root beer. Seriously, one of the best I've ever tasted. 

As far as food, it's alright bar food. Good tasting sandwiches and burgers. My husband has had their chicken (on the dinner menu) a few times and each time it was dry. So don't order that. 

I've had their fiesta taco salad, it wasn't edible. Their chicken fingers and twice baked wings are pretty good. Also their garlic fries. 

Service is decent. Nice friendly staff.
The third, and most humble Big Dogs.  This pub chain is more than just a bar, it is one of the best breweries in the state, if not the country!  The sandwiches are great here, particularly the Philly Cheese steak.   Of course, what is a cheese steak without a microbrew like Dirty Dog, or my favorite, Alpha Dog.  The beer is what is special about Big Dogs!

Out of all of the Big Dog locations, this one is the friendliest.  The downtown area doesn't have a lot of outstanding Las Vegas attractions, but this one of them.  Try the cheese curds, they're awesome!  And if you happen to be on the up and up with the beer revolution in America, than you need to see what Vegas has to offer.  Big Dogs brews my favorite beer!
Hi, um, have you had their cheese curds? Because if you haven't you are missing out on a tiny piece of heaven - in your mouth! Seriously though, Big Dog's knows how to deliver tasty bar-food, especially in the form of deep-fried cheese. Hey, if I'm going to down tasty beers brewed locally I'd like to pair them with the most unhealthy thing possible, thank you very much.

The Big Dog's is located on the east side, on Nellis, just a jaunt from Nellis AFB (therefore offering a nice selection of good to look at Air Force men folk if you arrive at the right time). They also have an aaawesome happy hour. Including reduced prices on their brews as well as their pitchers! 

On a recent jaunt to this bar I had the "Holy Cow!". Very tasty! And I had their fried-steak sandwich. Oh it was good - it was basically a chicken fried steak on a bun, with a delicious pepper seared on it, with cheese and lettuce, tomato, and pickles. OH BONUS - it comes with an avocado spread! Yes, I think I'm in love with this sandwich. 

I love Big Dog's and I have for YEARS. This place has been open in Las Vegas since I was tiny little kid and my parents took me here. It is an institution you have to visit if you're in Vegas. Go to Big Dog's, enjoy the smokey-waftiness as you walk in, ignore it, and continue in - and then sit down for a perfect bar-food, beers kind of night!
Update time for my beloved Big Dog's. Can you tell I'm an East Side gal and just can't get out of my comfort zone? Haha. So many places in Vegas on the west side of the valley I'd like to try, but I'm just too lazy and my Jetta just won't make the drive. Tee hee. 

Went to Big Dog's for a big hearty breakfast (and military discount). The place had the smell of Saturday night still lingering in it when my parents and I arrived at about 10:00 AM this morning, on a Sunday. But I don't let things like that stop me, it is a bar after all. I guess that smell probably indicates a rocking Saturday evening so can you really fault the place?

I had an omelet (make it your own way), and I got ham, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. The thing is massive. I only ate half of it. They did not skimp on the fillings which was nice. Plenty of ham, plenty of 'penos. Came with a ton of hash brown (slightly crispy, slightly softly potato-y), and an English Muffin (or toast). My Mom got the "Double Down" breakfast: two eggs (your way), hash browns, your choice of bacon or sausage, and your choice of bread. Mum said is was good. Dad got the morning's special: Pumpkin pancakes! They were as big as my head!! And you get three of them. I tasted them and I thought they were good, but seriously, too sweet for me to eat for breakfast (then add maple syrup and you might as well be having Pixie Stix on a plate). But still - a very nice surprise and well executed for a bar!

Service was a little iffy. Our server seemed a little out of it, not totally sure of what she was doing, but still nice enough. She got the food out and kept our coffees filled. Guess you can't ask for too much more than that.

Although not a 5-Star experience, it was still good! I like Big Dog's for drinking beer and having bar food better, but if you're on the East Side and you need a BIG breakfast for cheap this is a good place to hit up!
First beer free for military and I had the steak and brat sandwich. It was good. It's a little hole in the near the base. The servers were friendly. It' my first time but it won't be my last. I want with friends who have been here many times.
Less a liquor store and more a liquor emporium.  Knowledgable staff will set you up with a great bottle of wine for a price that you can afford.  Also a great place to search out that hard to find bourbon for those cold Wisconsin nights.

Up front, the store has a couple of tables where you can sample glasses of bottles they have open.  Always quiet and intimate, it's a great spot to broaden your palate.
All hail the wall of 100. For those not in the know, this is a wall of wine for less than ten bucks each. Genius! And the staff is so great, that they helped me win a wine tasting party contest: they sold me the winning wine. Genius again!
Helpful staff when picking out a 6 pack of beer or a good bottle of wine. The place seems to almost always be busy and for good reason. It is always a good time for at least one of the following: caffeine or alcohol.
It is rare that coffee shops have amazing food and amazing drinks, but it's safe to say that Barriques has the best damn sandwiches in Madison. (and cookies and scones)  The staff has always been helpful, and as someone who spends lots of time studying in coffee shops there is always ample room and a table or two free during the day. The WiFi has never disappointed me,  Outlets are sometimes a problem as is cell phone reception.  
The evening tends to boast a crowd out to have a good time instead of a good dissertation so stick to studying during the daylight hours.  
I am a huge fan of the wall of 100 because after a day of staring at laptop I usually need a drink. (and ask for suggestions, if you have an idea of what you want they will be able to guide you)
I love it!  
Very inspiring place, to: 
- taste wine (ask for their tasting schedule), 
- meet people for a casual discussion
- have an aperitive, digestiv or espresso
- select a bootle of wine or micro brew and take it home
- supply your scotch bar 
Don't know of anything like this in Chicago. But I'd say that for anybody that wants to get out of Chicago for a day or two, Madison is definitely worth a trip. And if you go to Monroe Street, you'll find some great atmosphere and culinary experience. Check out Brasserie as well. It's just a couple buildings down the street.
I used to frequent to this place when I was living in the near West neighborhood. On weekend morning, I'd visit for a cup of coffee (pastries are not so great). On Friday night, I'd be there for glass(es) of wine to unwind after a long week. Their by-glass wine selection is fantastic for both red and white. They cover variety range of wine (dryness, body etc) so you can always be adventurous and try something new. 

This place also offer wine/spirit tasting. I never had a chance to make it, but I'm secretly planning to take my future date (if I get any).
The Barriques on Monroe Street is really one of the best establishments I've been to. It's really both a wine bar and a coffee shop. It's a great environment for chatting with people, and their coffee is very high quality. Oh yeah, they also have high quality whisky as well that you can get by the drink (not that I ever did, I'm no whiskey patron, but I'm familiar with the good types of it).
This is a great Barriques location. Very relaxed and cozy. I've enjoyed a Sunday morning or two here(mostly waiting for the Wine and Hop shop to open, so my boyfriend can get his supplies). Parking on Monroe can be a bit diffucult, depending on the time of day that you're there.
After doing a class project on Barriques, it has become on of my favorite coffee/wine shops to go to.  Not only does it bring a bit "cooler" crowd than some of the other coffee shops that seem to be full of chatty coffee moms and obnoxious students, but the menu caters to a different taste.  Between the spinach and artichoke dip and the chicken pesto salad (obviously not coffee shop traditional items) and delightful cafe miel....barriques has the food/beverage category nailed.

The huge wooden tables offer lots of room to spread out books/computers, etc, and the dark lighting creates an interesting atmosphere that I always found conducive to getting lots of work done.
I've been hearing about Barriques for the last couple of years, and its fame is reaching all the way to Seattle. While my fiance Ben is in school here in Madison, and I am still in Seattle, I sometimes call up Barriques and order special bottles for Ben to pick up. Depending on who answers the phone, the employees' wine knowledge has been hit-and-miss, but I understand that they're doing more than just selling wine. Sandwiches, coffee, tea, etc...these guys are busy! And it's no place for wine snobs--just people that love to drink a good bottle!

As I'm about to become a full-time Madison resident, I visited Barriques on Monroe St. today to check out the wine selection. My priorities in a new city are as follows: Good coffee? Check. Good wine? Check. Music scene? I suspect "check", but haven't found out for myself yet. Anyway, back to the wine! Barriques has a great "Wall of 100" featuring 100 wines under $10 each. The selection is really interesting and quite solid, with helpful tasting notes from the owner/buyer above each wine. I understand that they also host tastings every Friday night, and I can't wait to check those out!

I'm giving Barriques four stars now, but I suspect I'll tack on the fifth and final crowning star after checking out their menu and participating in a tasting event. One last note: as I was purchasing my six bottles today, I was informed that on Tuesdays you can get 10% off of a full case. Bravo, Barriques!
One of my favorite coffee/wine shops -- great lunches (the chicken caesar wrap is always a fave, with excellent bacony potato salad), good, affordable wines, and the coffee/tea is always fine.  Service is pretty good and generally quick.  Nice enough employees and it's a comfy place to hang out for a few hours with a laptop or a book.

My only complaint is that I hadn't been in here for a few weeks and see that one of the big long tables near the doors has been taken out with small tables put in its place.  Perhaps they did this because too many people crashed out here during the day and took over the big tables to do work, but that's what I want from a coffee shop!  Being able to spread out is relatively rare these days and it's a shame to see that limited, especially as a customer conscientious enough to make sure he buys enough from them to justify taking up so much space.

Still, great place.  Drinking wine and writing a dissertation go well together; if you're aiming to do both (or either), give Barrique's a shot.
Nice place to sit with some wine and people watch.  It was packed with students the day I went and it was a great time.
A great place to have a coffee, some wine, and just relax.  The food menu isn't extensive, but the quality is high.
The many Barriques locations scattered throughout Madison are different enough that each merits its own review.  The Monroe St. location is probably my favorite, due to the ease of parking, the comfortable atmosphere (not too cavernous, with a rustic feel) and the really pleasant staff, who make the place a pleasure to spend time in.  At this location you are also likely to spot at least one of the Berge brothers who own the Barriques properties.  They, too, are pleasant and knowledgeable about the vast wine and spirits selection provided in the back of the store.  The Alterra coffee used at Barriques yields some of the best coffee drinks in town.  Soups, light fare such as veggie wraps, and the cheese plate are particular standouts in the food department.

What are the drawbacks of Barriques on Monroe?  The space is small - smaller than the other locations they have (particularly the next-closest one off the Capitol Square), meaning that you will frequently stumble into a very crowded space.  The tables, as always, are often wobbly and can be difficult to work with, although the large family-style tables that can (should) be shared are great.  

Finally, one major gripe I have with all the Barriques locations is that the bakery items just don't live up to the quality or caliber of everything else on offer.  I talked to one of the employees yesterday, who told me that they are making their cookies at the Fitchburg location and baking them on-site. I don't know if that's a new practice, but there are a couple new welcome additions to the cookie menu.  I long for a little bit better choice range in bakery.

Again, the mostly full-time staff is just great.  It's a pleasure to interact with them.  This is a great place to hang out with a glass of wine and a good book, or to bring the laptop and hunker down for work.  I'm so glad that Barriques is on Monroe.
If you want great coffee, a great wine selection, and great sevice- go to Barriques on Monroe Street!  (Don't forget to check-in on Foursquare for a discount.)

There is ample seating and free wi-fi.  The wine-tastings are a great way to learn about wine and meet people.

Coffee is from Alterra (roasted in Milwaukee).  The whiskey selection is great, especially for such a small shop. You can find wine to suit any budget, from the wall of 100 (everything is under $10), to bottles well over $50.

Did I mention the great service?  The barristas are always friendly, even super early in the morning.  My favorite coffee shop!
The latte is very good -- it's hard to do better in Madison, and it's easy to do worse. Fabulous wine (and booze) selection, with frequent evening tastings. The staff are friendly. Coffee prices are the same as other places. Food is good, but pricy. 

Physically, it's a nice place. A bit beat up, but in a comfortable, charming, sort of way.  (The men's room is disgusting.)
Love it!
Barrique's has been my dissertation-writing haunt for years at this point (well, until I finished the dissertation!), and there's many reasons why many of my colleagues work here as commonly as on campus. Their alterra coffee and espresso drinks are reliably good, and their food choices are varied and tasty. I tend to come for morning coffee, read and write with friends, and stay to chat and grab a sandwich at lunchtime. Lots of fresh veggie and meat choices available, good soups (always with a vegetarian option), and a lovely grilled cheese - a surprise at a location that functions primarily as a coffee shop / wine bar. 

If you're an afternoon writer instead of a morning one, go for the afternoon transition from lunch to a happy hour glass of wine. Beyond the cozy environment and good food, the wall of 100 (their rotating selection of 100 wine bottles under $10) is an amazing feature. It's always possible to leave with a few good bottles and advice on pairings if you're unsure about your menu.

Just a few minor quibbles: Likely due to the popularity of Barrique's in general and this location specifically, it's not always easy to find a table here. I recommend either showing up early or in the mid-morning or mid-afternoon. Most people are cordial about sharing large tables, but many of the tables are small enough that they're impractical for two laptops if you're both academics or freelancers. Also, their bakery items are fine, but clearly the weak point. A little more variety (or maybe in-house baking? - I suspect bakery items are ordered in) here would be amazing!
One of my favorite cafes in Madison.  Great for coffee, a quick sandwich, or wine/beer.  Decent place for working/studying, but the internet can be pretty slow if at capacity (often busy on the weekends), also has a bit of a limitation in terms of outlets.  Favorite thing is the wine tastings (Fridays or Saturdays) - more expensive than other tastings in Madison ($9-14), but great themes, bottles, and conversation.
There is no other coffee shop/wine spot I love as much, unless it's the Barriques in Fitchburg. Morning or night, it has the perfect ambiance and great service.
I've only stopped here for coffee, and they do it well.  The baked goods always look fabulous but, I stay away because they go right to my hips.

A big wine selection, plus some  gifts.  Tables are a bit crowded together and it can be hard to find a place to sit when it's busy.  Excellent people watching!
2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 2 stars. 3 stars. 

2 stars. 

3 stars.

3 stars. 

I usually ignore stars on here and go straight for the meat, the review itself, so I would urge you to do the same. 

Here are some things Barriques has going:

1. Darn good iced coffee. 
2. You don't have to sign a CC merchant copy.
3. Uhm wine wall anyone? 
4. Get a slice of pumpkin chocolate chip bread. Really. 
5. You know that wine wall?

Here are some things that need attention: 

1. Been three times, each time tables were dir-tay. (That's dirty with attitude). 
2. Floor needs a scrubbin'. 
3. After I wash my hands in the men's room, I want to wash my hands.

(notice a theme?)

My vote... go for the iced coffee, wine wall, pumpkin chocolate chip bread, wine wall, wine wall, and the wine wall and take your goods to go. Yo.
Great wine, subpar coffee.

Spend your time in the wine selection and don't let the froofyness get to you. The staff is knowledgeable and kind. 

ONLY COME HERE FOR THE WINE.
So many good memories here - homework, chilling, dates, pick me ups, you name it.  I love Barriques.

Never have I had the experience of rude staff... The bread on their breakfast sandwich has changed three times in the past couple of years, and the current kind isn't exactly my favorite, but it's local and holds in the good parts (egg cheese and local bacon).  

If I could recommend one drink: Mexican Mocha.  So so good.  One food item: cowboy cookie all the way.

I'll keep coming back every time I'm home (currently in grad school in DC)
Wine tasting for $14; wide range of wine qualities. Not much of a red wine drinker so all the wines kind of tasted very similar to me :( but other people were raving about the "higher quality" wines we tasted, so there you go. ALSO, this place uses Belly and I just happened to have collected enough points for a free crab dip ...wine tasting and crab dip heyaaaaaaa!

To end my review, I have to say. Any time I go to a coffee shop I think "could I work here?". No. Maybe I would get a different feel if I came during the day hours, but it didn't have the right feel anyhow. Come here for the wine, go to the Barriques by the capitol for some java and some concentration.
This is such an adorable place! If I lived in Madison, this would be my to-go spot. The food and coffee are great and reasonably priced and it doesn't hurt they serve wine! Love this place during the summer when I was in Madison. Made my way there to study every day.
Real cool place to go, taste, and learn about wine.  Very knowledgeable staff.
I speak only about the wine. OK, two quick coffee things: good fresh roasted beans and cold-brewed (Toddy) extract for their iced coffee. Back to the wine.

It's taken me a while to warm to Barriques. I've been circling through all the usual haunts. Bottom-feeding at Trader Joe's, checking out the specials at Steve's, grabbing unusual stuff at Woodmans. 

I've always appreciated their $10 wine wall. It helps move wine to an everyday beverage instead of a "fine dining" only treat, something that the Midwest sorely needs to do.  You'll find something you'll like and it will be drinkable and won't blow your budget. The rest of their selection is well-considered and there are plenty of excellent wines under $20 for a definite step-up in quality. 

I finally joined their wine club. They pick a $10 bottle for you every month (which pays for the membership), and then you get discounts on 6-bottles or mixed cases. I just picked up my first pick, a very nice Pinotage from S. Africa. I never would have tried it otherwise and it was only $10. You also get $2 bucks off their wine tastings. I've been to two so far and they've both been well worth it.

Check it out!  Santé!
Great spot with great coffee. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love their selection of baked goods too.  Looking forward to the new location next door because the bathrooms will new and updated!
They're about to move and I can feel this review dating itself as I write it but...

I'm a big Barrique's fan and I actually like this location quite a bit. The grungy look and feel is not what I look for in a nice restaurant but sorta charms me in a coffee shop. Dark wood, aged tables...this is the kind of place you spend all afternoon and evening (and I have). 

The Hi-ho hummus wrap is anything but ho-hum. House-made sun dried tomato hummus, tomato, cucumber, olive tapenade in a tomato basil wrap! It comes with feta but I opted out. They've got the good coffee and tea offerings of their W. Wash brother. Solid.
Stopped by most recently on Saturday for a spot of tea and to do some people watching.

+ Friendly service; prompt and helpful
+ Reasonable prices
+ Nice selection of loose-leaf teas
+ Great coffees
+ Serves alcohol and some food items, if you're so inclined

+ Quirky space
- Tables need to be wiped-down more often
- Reeeeeaaaallly cold inside, or it was both times I've been there
Barriques on Monroe has always been one of my favorite "office work" spots. As a person who works from home, the free parking (next street over!), outlets galore, great wifi connection, tasty coffee and Mediterranean Plate keep me coming in! 

But now--- with the new space, so clean and bright, I'm completely in love! Everything I've ever enjoyed about Barriques but with a face lift! There is now a nice bar area to enjoy a beer or glass of wine and I feel like the tables are less cramped.
Stopped in here during a quick drive through Madison just before they closed, which is always an invitation for seeing employees at their most annoyed. But these Madisonians (is that what they are called?) were so helpful and positive in spite of the late hour. The espresso drinks were very well done, which is all you can really ask for in a coffee stop. I see no reason to not try them again!
WINE TASTINGS = OFF THE CHAIN. 

I went last Saturday PM and for $12 had a super awesome experience in their beautiful new digs. We tested out 8 different wines which retail from $7.49 to $34.99. They have different tastings every week; this Friday and Saturday they're doing scotch! What a great way to taste a variety of wines and liquors and walk away with a bit more knowledge.
I love love love Barriques. The sandwiches and soups are delicious and the coffee is always stupendous. I have never had a bad experience here. It does pick up during the late afternoon as people stop in for their afternoon pick-me-up, otherwise it's a good place to get some work done too!
Not my favorite Barriques location, but I do enjoy the bright interior.

It's just a bit too loud at times, and can get really cold during the winter with people coming in and out of the front door.
 
Buuuuuut, they do have wine and beer tastings all the time, and while I don't consider myself an alcoholic, I do consider myself an-enjoyer-of-fine-alcoholic-drinks-at-all-times-of-the-day kind of person.
I've been here a few times and the food has always been delicious.  I hear it gets very busy at most lunchtimes.  I was there today on a Saturday afternoon and it was very UN-busy, so that was pleasant.  The staff was friendly.  The choices were great.  I had the Johnny Appleseed quesadilla - Granny Smith apples and brie cheese in a quesadilla with cantaloupe salsa along with a cup of roasted vegetable soup.  I really liked the quesadilla but the salsa was not impressive.  The idea was good, the cantaloupe just didn't have a lot of flavor.  It was a beautiful day and we sat outside on the sidewalk.  Being off the street there weren't many people walking by our table, which is an issue for me sometimes if we sit outside.
They also have a fun selection of wines, beers and cheeses.
I visit the Fitchburg location at least once a week and the staff is great.  Where else can you find such a great selection of wines for under $10?  The staff has always gone above and beyond for me - whether it be putting together a wine basket, expediting my order because I'm in a hurry or making great wine recommendations.
Tonight my boyfriend and his friend went to see a movie at Star Cinema. I had some work I needed to get done and didn't particularly want to see the movie, so I set out to find a coffee shop where I could get a good bite to eat and work.

Barriques Market was SUPER close and totally fit the bill. They had a decent sized menu and I definitely had to think for a little bit before I decided on the Hi-Ho Hummus sandwich with greens and an iced tea.

The sandwich tasted fresh and the balsamic vinaigrette tossed greens were nice and crisp. The iced tea was also good. I will admit, the sandwich was a little tangy for my taste ('twas the sun dried tomato hummus) , but it didn't stop me from devouring it. I was really hungry and it wasn't bad. I would probably get something else next time, but that's just me.

Anyways, after dinner I decided to try their herbal blueberry Rishi tea. Pretty tasty!

The atmosphere was quite cozy. The staff was also really nice. The overall experience was great and I will definitely be going back there.
This is a great and cozy place close to my parents home. It's nice to go and meet friends and just relax. Going off what Ky S. said, the staff at the Fitchburg location is particularly rude. There are always 2-3 people in there doing other things than monitoring the register. I will stand there for a good 5 minutes just to have them pour a cup of regular old coffee for me... I never order anything fancy. Other than the staff being careless human-beings its an excellent place to relax after a long day in big comfy leather chairs and couches and just have a nice conversation.
I frequent the Fitchburg and Middleton locations of Barrique's.  The lattes are excellent, staff is fun and friendly, and the wine selection is impressive.  Oh yeah, and they have free wi-fi!  In the winter, the fireplace is burning and I love the ambiance in general.  I disappeared for over six-months (went to live in France) and when I came back, the manager remembered me!  I haven't had very many food items from them, but what few things I've had have all been great.  They also have a great beer selection - very unique stuff.  I love the atmosphere and I'm happy that we have several in town!  Thanks everyone, and see you all again real soon!
 
-  Jordan
I give this place a five star rating for selection,  food quality,  gift ideas and uniqueness.  I haven't stopped in here for quite some time and I was pleasantly surprised by some of their gift ideas of which I purchased a few.  Very nice little shop, comfy dining areas, good food.
Nope...the staff is grumpy...the sandwiches (if they come on a roll) are tiny and the roll is tough. The menu needs to rotate more. It's convenient, but not worth the hype. The baked goods are adequate, and the coffee is okay. Go there for the wine...the food....not so much!
If we had a Barriques in Chicago, I would never go to to any other coffee shop ever again. 

I only had the opportunity to try some coffee while I was there (though friends had lots of good things to say about the beer and wine they carried) and the quality was just far superior to any national chain you could visit. The flavor was deep without being burnt and I enjoyed a few hours sipping on coffee and using their free wifi. Loved it.
Love this place!  Great wine selection,  good made on the spot food and yummy pastries and desserts.  There is a warm fireplace for winter and a nice sidewalk cafe for spring and summer time.  The coffee is stellar!  A great place to meet friends and catch up with a glass of wine or coffee.
I really like this Barriques, especially the market feel and ambience.  I often stop in for a morning bkfst sandwich before work.  The lattes are yummy.  My two complaints are not enough seating (it can be quite crowded during busy times) and sometimes it seems the cooks are a little too relaxed and the wait for a simple sandwich is too long.
Solid location; makes you feel displaced from the suburb surrounding area.  Coffee isn't making me twitchy yet, but it's only the first cup...
This place rocks. Biked here (right along the paved trail) and got the Biker's Dream Breakfast Wrap: Peanut butter, strawberry jelly, granola, peaches, and bananas in a whole wheat wrap! Phenomenal and unique. 

The rest of the store is great too. Excellent low/mid priced wine selection with lots of worldly wines (not just CA), great beer selection, cool cheeses, unique gifts, etc.

Open a Bariques in Denver please!
Not what it used to be.  Looks like this place has met with tough times.  The gift shelves are poorly stocked where they once had a number of creative gift ideas, stocking stuffers, mugs and the like.   Now just a few scraps left there from last year.   Sure, the wine and cheese is good but the service has been moderate to poor my last few stops. 
I recently waited for quite some time along with some other people.  No one acknowledged any of us to at least say, "be right with you".  I finally just left without buying anything.   
Sadly, I have to lower my rating for this place by three stars.
Can't decide between a hot mocha or a glass of wine for your mid-afternoon study break? At Barriques, you don't have to choose! Who says you can't double fist with an espresso shot in one hand and rose wine in the other?

If I wasn't a Starbucks gold card holder...you know that I would be here 24/7 with my Belly card. The hipster-esque environment offers this wannabe hipster (me) a nice respite from the all-too-suburban west side of Madison. The coffee is a nice, strong brew, and the crowd is of an older, scholarly sort. All pluses in my book. :) Also, I can see the random assortment of bar supplies and wine glass ornaments being a nice distraction from whatever work/studying I may find myself doing at Barriques.

The yelp check-in deal for 50% off any coffee or espresso drink was also a very pleasant surprise. I'm not sure how long this is going to last - but I'd suggest that all ya'll yelpers take advantage of it while it lasts!
I have spent a fair amount of time at the various Barriques locations studying. The Fitchburg location is my favorite because of its layout-- , comfy leather chairs to sink into with a book around the fire place, a store space that is pleasant to meander through, conversations that aren't painful to overhear (volume and content wise). It also pretty great for dates--options of coffee, wine and snacks and an atmosphere that invites you to stay. The only downside I've found is that the fireplace throws a lot of heat and it gets HOT right next to it.
I like the variety and atmosphere of Barriques. It's one of my favorite places to hang out, especially with a fire in the fireplace. On the negative side, I have had better food and coffee elsewhere, but all told, Barriques has some wonderful offerings.
I stopped at Barriques one evening a few weeks ago with some girl friends. We were only in there for about a half hour for a quick glass of wine and some chit-chat before a movie.

It was my first time at this Barrique's location and I was surprised by it. I loved all of the wine options (heaven, really.) and I was tempted to also order a coffee drink since they all looked pretty wonderful as well. There was plenty of seating, but still quite a few people there for a Wednesday evening. The service was great - very friendly employees!

Too bad Fitchburg is quite a hike from Sun Prairie. If it wasn't, I'm sure I'd be a Barrique's regular.
Great place for a quick, unorinary sandwich or salad, a lingering cup of coffee or a beer, or to pick up a bottle of wine for dinner. Friendly, unpretentious help with wine, beer, and spirits, too!
E-MAIL WINE DEALS - I've been buying some of the email wine specials for about 3 years and I find they're nearly always a solid value. The "descriptive narratives" give the old wine thesaurus a hot yoga style workout and make one wonder just where the authors developed their remarkable palates. They pick up flavors like "brambles," "black caps" and "briary" (there go the "b"s!). I think my favorite, used in a positive way, was something about "as aromatic as a southern Georgia high school prom." I'd recommend getting the emails just to learn a few good crazy flavor descriptors to drop at your next wine event - and who knows - maybe you will detect some "defined red berry fruits,"  "infused minerals," or "  toasted wood spice."  And in any case, almost every wine I've purchased has ranged from good to very good and a couple bordered on great buys. On one occasion I found the wine with virtually nothing I liked (I bought 6 bottles) - they took it back without a hassle. As they should.  So my recommendation is to sign up for the reading and try a few wines.
I've lived in Fitchburg, WI  for a while now and never stopped by because I'm just not the wine type but gave it a go after yelp listed it under the coffee and tea tab. I went there on a slow Sunday and was apprehensive on what I should order and ended up being safe with a soy latte and a delicious sandwich. The baristas are friendly and the decor is laid back with a fire place to top it off; although it wasn't crowded the tables and chairs seem to be a bit clustered together because I had to maneuver a couple of chairs around. There menu is simple yet interesting especially the alcoholic beverages, which I plan to try when I get the chance.
Why can't they all look like this?
And by "this" I mean filled to the brim with wine!!!
SO.
MUCH.
WINE.
Golly! 
I had to keep my cool in front of Rowan C during a work meeting, but if she wasn't there... If I were left alone after hours, I'd be poppin' bottles right and left folks and there wouldn't be any vino come opening the next day. Just so. much. wine. 

Also the coffee is laced with something. That or it's just damn good! I've never felt more productive (I was also in really good company for this meeting) or like I could run 15 marathons before lunch, but I sort of felt like I was king of the world. 

Or at least Fitchburg.
The Barriques I fell in love with.
This is my favorite location.  I love the atmosphere, the staff, the quality coffee and food, and the fabulous selection of wine, beer, liquors and a wall of refrigerated cases of cheese, sausages and beverages ready to go for your picnic or party.
They have an excellent menu for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Sandwiches, soup, salads, and yes even alcoholic and caffeinated drinks too! YES!
Cozy up to the fireplace when it is cold, grab a table for a coffee meeting or hang outside with a glass of wine.  
The original wall of wine, shelf upon shelf of more wine, liquors, crackers, and other items to go along with your drinks.  Don't be afraid to ask for help =the staff is super knowledgeable. 
It's been over seven years and we're still going steady.  Don't change, I love you.
You can't go wrong with a place that serves coffee and alchohol.   I mean you can can start and end your day here.  What's there not to like?   The staff is alway pleasant, the crowd is diverse, and the pastries are pretty decent.  I come here to study sometimes and to steal wifi when I need to focus.  I can stay here for hours and get lost in my own world here.  

I was here last night and it also appears that they have wine tastings.  Didn't inquire about it but it is def on my to do list.  They also have a magnificent selection of tea, at least I think so, based on my limited knowledge of tea.  

This place has become a staple in my life and I'm never disappointed with the service or products offering.  Keep up the great work Barriques!
This just in y'all your one pound bag is 50% off when you check in on Yelp. And that rocks my socks off right now considering I have an unhealthy relationship with their Eye Opener!
I was so pleased with the personal attention I got in picking out a gift for the beer drinker in my life. I brought in chocolates that needed beer pairings and the staff enthusiastically found me matches without braking my bank account. They took time to label beers for the appropriate chocolates and packed my beers in easy to carry boxes. Awesome!

(Also, recently found my mom's favorite hard-to-find wine at Barriques.) 

Needless to say - stop for coffee, go gift shopping! Love.
Amazing coffee, good local food, comfy seating, and overall great atmosphere. I love Barriques!
One of my favorite places to go and have drinks with friends, or work during the week.

Good Points:

- Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff.

- For the gluten-free and/or dairy-intolerant among us, they now have ALMOND MILK for their drinks! I can start drinking chai again!

- Most locations, including this one, have not just a fireplace to warm up in the winter, but also copious outdoor seating to enjoy during the summer as well.

Needs Improvement:

- GF people, check the soymilk. Last I was aware, they used a variety that contained wheat (?! I know.)

- Their wifi can be a bit flaky, and even moreso when it gets busy.

- I wish they'd offer some GF options for food/baked goods that weren't just "here, have a salad." GF baked goods on the menu would make going there complete!
This bar is AWESOME for a Las Vegas neighborhood bar. It's clean, roomy, doesn't smell like smoke. They have darts and golden tee. The bartenders have personalities bigger than the bar that is stocked with good liquor, cold shots and kick ass draft beer. See you there!
I guess I just don't get the appeal. It is not a bad place by any means, but I certainly wouldn't give it 4 or 5 stars. It's clean and has a decent selection of beer on draft - but that's about all I can say. Perhaps I ventured in at the wrong time of day or even on the wrong day, but I was seriously underwhelmed.
They only serve poor tasting fried food and the service is so bad. The bartender was rude and ignored me. I simply needed food to go but he was too busy talking to his buddy and reading the paper.
Awesome local bar that needs more love (and the customers) it deserves. Multiple flat screen TV's, darts, golden tee, a friendly bar staff, a comfortable couch seating area opposite the bar... really, what more can you ask for? Besides coming just during the week, I watched the Super Bowl here and was so glad I did. Forget those over packed strip spots! If you are a local you know better.

As for the smoking... well, its Vegas, people smoke if they want to. I'm not a smoker, but for everyone that rates a place 1 star because god forbid someone lights up, you suck and mess up legitimate ratings :) Not saying that happened here, just saying in general haha

Additionally, they now have a "Chicken Shack" chef here. Great wings, try the habenero honey, wonderful sides including coleslaw... Delish. Food comes out quick. They had a new chef training and he made a mistake but quick service to fix it with a genuine sorry does wonders... and takes away no stars! You just don't get local service like this in many other places. If you are around the area definitely check out this watering hole.
Went here specifically to play Buck Hunter and had an awesome time.  I've always driven by but never went in before.  The inside is really nice with big comfortable leather chairs.  There are all sorts of games.  The bartender was very friendly and fast.  There weren't a lot of people there, about 20 maybe, but we met some people who were friendly and fun.  When we are looking to hang out at a local spot, we'll be sure to go here more often!
Great place to grab a drink and play video poker.  The bartenders are great and Roger (the GM) is great for conversation.  Even better... I hear they just added a new menu to go along with the bar!  Great local joint
Buffalo tenders were good.  Bartender was an absolute douche 6/20.  He was too worried about doing shots with his wanker buddies.
The coolest corner store in all of the world. First of all the owner named the place after his dachshund. Who has a dog named Pinkus McBride? Only the coolest person ever. And there is a small fairy who lives in the deli that makes the most magical sandwiches in the country. And the place always has the hipsters working there with great music blaring through the door. An essential stop before going to look at the scantily clad women in James Madison Park.
If you live on the east side of Downtown Madison, take note: this is the only place to pick up the Times on a Sunday morning.  

Seriously, I buy three things at this place: mixers, beer, and the NY Times.  The best cornerstore in walking distance of my apartment.
As Michael said, what's really great about this corner store is that its a block up from James Madison Park, so you could just ease on down the way for a soda or ice cream break on nice Summer days when you are working the park.
This was the place that made me realize that they don't sell alcohol after 9pm in Wisconsin. That's it. That's my review.
Man, this place is great. 

They have a good selection of typical corner store items - snacks, drinks, grocery items, booze, etc. but the real treasure lies in their sandwiches - SO GOOD. For less than 5 dollars you get your choice of bread, two kinds of meat, cheese, veggies, and multiple sauces. Everything is high quality and definitely worth more than what you pay. They also have an excellent selection of cookies (top notch monster cookies), pastries,  and deli salads. 

Also, everyone is super friendly and it is clean. Bonus points for being on the way home from class!
Theeee best corner store in the whole US of A. 

Delicious yet cheap subs and deli foods that are maintained with the highest of quality. Everything is very tasty and very fresh. You can tell a lot of care and thought has been put into these foods. Even the day old subs rock, and you can't beat the half off price tag with a stick. 

Since the Isthmus is completely devoid of any hint of a grocery store, this was my go-to spot for sundries and sustenance for 5 whole years because I had no car, thought Cap Center was a joke, and couldn't afford Willy Street Co-op. It didn't hurt that a 12 pack of Blatz was $4.25 including tax and all the kind folks working treated me like a queen.
For the past 3 months I have stopped into Pinkus every morning to pick up my lunch, breakfast, and snack for the day. Whenever I have arrived the older gentleman behind the counter has been VERY friendly, he evens knows me by my first name. If you go early enough they have half-priced subs and salads that taste amazing, it is a real steal. Besides deli foods they have a huge beverage section that includes wine and beer. The beer section has an excellent variety of quality brew which is hard to find in a store of this size. The layout and appearance of the store is top notch so don't expect long bouts of searching for what you need. Overall, I would go nowhere else to start my day than Pinkus McBride!
Great sandwiches and deli selection, friendly employees.
It's just a corner store, but they've nailed it.

Prices are fair. Selection is good. They have a legit deli with good sandwiches. 

They sell a pretty good selection of beer. If you're in Wisconsin and not drinking beer, you've missed the boat.

Great alternative to a grocery store (since there are none within a mile).
Pinkus McBride and I were BFF's while I lived in Madison because it was literally directly across the street from my apartment. I am not going to lie, it is a little bit on the pricey side, but ultra convenient. Although the food items are a little expensive, they have really, really cheap wine. (I bought some for a shindig I threw) When I was too lazy to prepare food myself I bought subs here...they were about $5 and what you would expect as a sub from a corner store. They were never soggy.
Friendly service, always stocked, and perfect hours.
I work down Hamilton near this market.  For a day when you forget your lunch, Pinkus McBride can certainly be a lifesaver.  The service is nice and they have a great selection of food.

I am just not impressed by the prices.  They know they are the only place in the area and take advantage of that.  I get it, supply and demand, but please, just bring it down a bit.  I pay more money for a sandwich there than I would at a fast food restaurant.  I get the quality is better but the temperature is much hotter at the restaurant.

The breakfast sandwiches are on bagels or muffins with eggs, bacon or ham and cheese.  They have a full deli and a small convenience store.  If you forget lunch or breakfast, this is the place to be.  I am quite overwhelmed by the deli.  I could not figure out the prices or how to order a sandwich.  It took some help to walk me through it.  A deli should not require help.

I do not want to speak ill of Pinkus but I know their prices have pushed people away.  I found myself heading up the opposite way to Bradbury's (reviewed below) for a $1.80 cup of coffee.  

Oh, Pinkus, we will always have a love/hate relationship.
I rate Pinkus only two stars for this reason: it wasn't the grocery store I had hoped. I did my research (yelped and googled Pinkus McBride Market), read the reviews, and decided to forgo Fresh Market on University and give Pinkus a shot. The location is unbeatable - a block from my apartment - and it really is a cute, little place. 

However, the selection for general grocery items such as cereal, noodles, rice, and yogurt was small and a bit pricey. I knew about the higher prices, but I was sad about not finding a convenient grocery store so close to my place. 

The deli was closed, but I did buy an Italian sub that brought me much joy on my lunch break -- the olives were a splendid compliment to the meat. I will definitely go back when the deli is open because of fellow yelpers' reviews. I wasn't beer or wine shopping, but there was a better selection than what I was searching for. The staff was also very friendly. 

Again, the two stars may be unfair to Pinkus McBride Market as a whole, but for my desire to find a viable grocery store, it fits. Will rate again once I visit the deli --
I have another market super close to me, but I go out of my way to go to Pinkus. They have the nicest employees, solid prices, and a good selection of reasonably priced beer/wine. Also, their brownies and bars are surprisingly the BEST I have had in Madison.
Over priced and anything from the deli just doesn't taste right
It's weird to rave about a corner "minute market" store, but this one is pretty tight.

Besides having a baller selection of beer (the only place I can find Wild Blue in Madison), it's convenient and well-priced for the James Madison neighborhood.

They also have some fresh food which is a little pricier, but always delicious.

The staff is nice and they take credit cards! Go here!
I work just a couple blocks away from Pinkus McBride Market, so I go there often to grab lunch/snacks.

Keep in mind that this is a very small corner market with limited space. However, for such a small space, they do have a great selection of essentials. They have lots of snack food, frozen foods, a nice selection of dairy products, etc.

The deli area is the highlight though. They make delicious sandwiches, using quality ingredients. The deli uses Boar's Head meat, which is excellent. They also make a variety of great pasta salads. Oh, and they have really good carrot cake!!

Everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful. As others have mentioned, they do have a nice little selection of beer and wine. Everything at Pinkus McBride is pretty affordable. 

If you live/work nearby, I'd highly recommend checking it out!
I'm reading these reviews and thinking some of y'all need to read up on what a "convenience store" is...if you're expecting a supermarket selection and walmart prices, then it's nobody's fault but your own when you're disappointed. 

I live right next door to Pinkus. They always have what I need when I'm cooking and realize I'm out of that *one* ingredient, be it an onion or a bottle or Worcestershire  sauce. They also have a great wine selection and a whole bevy of snacks and desserts to satisfy any corner store cravings.

Perfect place to stop before, after, or during a trip to the park!
Where to begin to do justice to this experience. The University of Wisconsin Memorial Union Rathskeller.  For those of you not familiar with German-American culture, a "rathskeller" is German for what essentially amounts to a Bavarian-style restaurant and/or tavern featuring lots of beer and often located in a basement or subterranean area of some sort.  The UW's Rathskeller loosely fits this description except in that its located on the main floor of the University's Union.  This is the defining common leisure space of the entire university community, and - along with Paul Bunyan and the Green Bay Packers - one of the most fabled wonders in Wisconsin lore.  Many cherished bonds are formed here as young and old, students and alumni, congregate day and night to share beer and laughs and to relax in the warm rusticated embrace of this great building.  For me, the place holds many of my most precious memories.  I'm not embarrassed to admit that I would often sit here for hours on end - all day sometimes - studying, snacking, drinking, playing cards, meeting and greeting friends who would pass through or likewise camp out for hours just to sit and chat on blustery winter days, because everyone did it.  This was my home away from home; a feeling I've never really known for any other place.  And if you've ever visited or attended school at the UW, you know exactly what I'm talking about.  I hope you are smiling right now, recalling your own wistful memories.
I guess I'm just not Wisconsin enough, or have been spoiled by too many brats in actual, Germany-bound Ratskellers, but this one always feels vaguely tomb-like despite its serviceable corn chowder (which I imagine is normally less-than-available beyond the grave.)
A student union in the manner of a German restaurant that serves beer - indeed, a whole pitcher for $8.50!!!! - automatically gets five stars.
I had to give the Rathskeller five stars - I have so many good memories of this place. As a student, you come here to get away from our housemates, on break from class, to study, to watch open mike night, to grab some Bascom ice cream, and the list goes on. Only in Wisconsin is the student union heavily influenced by German food, libations, and decor. 
This won't be the fanciest place you've been but it shouldn't be. It's an every man's place and everyone feels home here. On Wisconsin.
The Rathskeller is one of my favorite places in the world.   A great place to grab a beer and a sandwich and hang with the cool students of UW.   The best sandwich in Madison (the Ribeye) can be got here at the cafeteria (the cafeteria is an inexpensive place to grab lunch in Madison).   Many people hang out on the Terrace outside the Rathskeller, and the Terrace has an iconic status all its own, but there is something magical about the Rathskeller with it cozy amiable vibe.   In my time I have seen hundreds of students all watching a movie there laughing, quaffing dark beer, eating popcorn, and making snappy comments in unison.  You have to love a university union that has beer on draft (caveat to order beer there you have to be a student or taking classes or attending a conference).  On my first visit to the Rathskeller years ago I went out on the Terrace and watched a Reggae band go into a long extended hypnotic riff, while several female co-eds danced topless in front of hundreds of people amid the incense of you know what.   But that was a few years back.  Some nights, I am sure can be dull and uneventful with people playing cards, and studying quietly, but still, it's a place where magic can happen.   Most of all it is a welcoming place.  Very friendly and welcoming.  Just think about it: all the people who have been in there have been mostly happy, and that cheerfulness has permeated the place and now echoes from every corner.
The sheer power and aura around this place for ten minutes helped finalize my decision to go to UW-Madison. I wanted to be there. The setting is that good.
Enough said.
a) Spotted Cow on tap.
b) fireplaces!
c) right next to Library School (drunk librarians!)
d) amazing jukebox! (THE CLASH!)
e) salty popcorn.
This place is nice when you want to be in the college environment.  There is plenty of seating.  Grab a cheap pitcher on tap, some popcorn, and chill in the back corner where there's a TV that airs sport games.  Not too noisy except on nights with shows or DJs. 

Got Fat Tire on tap and it tasted a little old, so stick to the regular favorites.  The staff are friendly on serving sizes too.
If you are considering attending the University of Wisconsin as an option for college, you MUST visit the Rathskeller to see what's up.  I remember coming here 10 years ago when I was on my college tour and this place sealed the deal.  It's unlike any other student union on any other campus I've seen.  When you walk in, you feel both instantly cozy and but somehow have plenty of room.  The whole place is all dark wood and murals and arcs of doorways and German decorating.  The cafeteria also makes awesome sandwiches and gigantic chocolate chip cookies.  There's nothing like looking out the window on a snowy day overlooking the lake as you sip cocoa or heading down for a couple beers on open mic night.  This place is one of my favorite places on earth.  You will love it.
This place has actually improved (since I attended this institution back in the Dark Ages) in one key respect -- the jukebox actually has a legitimately diverse selection now!  It's not the frat-boy douchebag musicbox that spouted out "Wherewolves of London", "Tempted" and every song on the Bob Marley "Legend" Album every miserable day that I worked in the cafeteria.  I mean, you can actually make everybody listen to "Love TKO" and "I Don't Love You Anymore" now.  Much nicer.

One thing that hasn't changed, and knock wood never will -- the Paul Bunyan Room. The wonderful, wonderful PWA murals of the great lumberjack legends still surround the room in vibrant, living color.
Getting here early to avoid the long lines and crowds is probably a good idea. The breakfast sandwiches are tasty and the atmosphere is nice; pick a table to the side, grab your cup of coffee and start the people watching!
Great ambience.  Good beer, very chill.  Open for many groups.  Boots = good times.

What happened to the polka band on thursdays??? they were the best!
Decent cafeteria food, nothing more.
They changed up the Rathskeller recently, and it is not for the better.  First of all, they decided that every sandwich HAS to have a side item: chips, fries, carrots, etc.  If all you want is a burger, you are SOL.  Next problem, food was disgusting!  It was low quality and suffocated by a giant bun.  Grossest brat I have had since some people in Chicago tried to make beer brats.  On top of that, they now charge more than the KK, which has better food (before 2) and is only a block away.  

Now the only reason to go there is to socialize or study.
The beer hall is just okay, it reminds me of a cafeteria that serves beer.  Kinda lame, but beer makes it good.  The adjoining Terrace is completely awesome though, I think the locals see them as being a couple different places though.
Didn't go to UW but everyone tells me that our family's sigil should be a badger!  So we had to check out the Rat in the heart of badger land.  Glad we did.  

We had a late breakfast... good cheap eats with a nice patio and beautiful lake view.  Not a bad place to be a student!  or a tourist!
The food is only ok. Kind of expensive for the portion sizes, but I suppose you are paying for convenience. I really like the buffalo chicken wraps. They have a nice kick to them. All of the wraps are good as are the fries.

One of the stars is for the beer. The selection is pretty good and it's fun to hang out at the Rath and play pool, watch a movie or listen to live music. They have open mic nights too. You can buy a decently sized bag of popcorn to go with your pitcher of beer.
Here's the deal.  Der Rathskeller is the bar, where you get beer, it's the hall, where you sit.  It's not the place you get food, which is confusing because it's adjacent, but that's called Der Stiftskeller.

I LOVE Der Rathskeller, I used to bartend there, I spent most of my college weekends tending bar and listening to awesome bands.  I used to also love Der Stiftskeller, where you could get great burgers, awesome burritos, and REAL beer cheese soup, not to mention great chili.  The recent renovation of the menu in an attempt to conjure a bit of old Germany left the place sadly lacking.  I've had far better German food (FYI - a panini is not German), and can't believe I'm saying this, but I miss the grill and the bar food.  

And please, what the heck happened to the beer cheese soup??  Ack!
And, stop calling your red vegetable soup chili, you used to have chili, someone must still have the recipe.
The food is very good & the prices R great, especially for the amt of food you get.
This review is for the Rathskeller in its current (under construction) condition.

It is an historic room, that has been very well-loved over the years. The food is pretty decent- largish portion sizes, tasty, but nothing too exotic or well-sourced.
The main problem it has right now is that there is no longer any tap beer. I really cannot picture being in the Rathskeller without a pitcher of beer. Maybe that makes me an alcoholic; I think it makes me a Madisonian.
If I could give it 1.5 stars right now, I would. I have had awesome times in this place, and I'm sure I will in the future, but right now, I have no reason to go there. There are better places to eat, cheaper places to drink, and better places to watch sports, music groups, etc.
If you're in from out-of-town, you should stop by and walk through the place, but I know I'll be waiting until after remodeling is done to visit again. And I live nearby. And this hurts me.
This new incarnation of Hamburger Mary's is less than impressive. Of course it wasn't very impressive while it was still Hamburger Mary's. 

The service is hit and miss and the food is sub-par. Every time I've been here and ordered a burger, the bun has been stale and crumbly. Every. Time. The salads consisted mostly of the delectable white core of the iceberg lettuce that has no flavor.

The Sunday breakfast buffet is fairly expensive, around $15 per person. The only redeeming feature of the buffet is the 1 cent mimosas. Smoking is still allowed inside the restaurant (until May at least).

If you're going to a place to hang out with a large group of friends who drink and smoke and food isn't a pressing issue, then this may be the place for you. 

I'm sorry, Burger Betty's. I've tried to like you from way back when, but it's time for me to move on. I have to see other restaurants. I hope you understand. It's not you, it's me.
Listen Betty - Ya just can't charge these prices for this quality.  Pick one.  Either drop your prices to make it just a large bar food type menu - or dramatically increase the quality. Notice I didn't say quantity.  The burgers are big.  And a hungry person might not finish them.  But they wouldn't particularly like it.  And if you want them to order one again, they need to like it.  

Sure, you've got a bit of a corner on the whole gay restaurant thing.  (Not a total corner on it though - but I'll give that there isn't that much competition.)  But do you really want to ride on those laurels?  I think you can do better.  I hope you do better soon.  How about a 1/2 size burger for 1/2 the price?  Same thing w/ the salads as right now they could feed a table of 4.  But how many tables of 4 want to split the same salad?  Exactly.  

And while I can accept the weird atmosphere changes as you try to find a "theme" to carry you to your next success.  How about stopping all of your investment and hard work on the Australian theme and going with a "good food and comfortable atmosphere theme".  I'm telling you - it could be a hit.  

I'll try to check back twice a year or so to see how you're doing.  I believe in you Betty.  Let's make it happen.
Funny story. 

One hot summer day less than a year ago my dad and I were out in search of a late lunch/ early dinner. A burger sounded fine and we had driven past this place a few times so we thought we'd drop in. 

We knew that quite a few places on this stretch were of the gay persuasion, but it didn't occur to us that Burger Betty's would be one. 

Walk inside and you'll quickly realize that this is not intended for a father-son lunch spot. We backpedaled. We asked a couple of questions. We left. 

Truth be told, my dad and I are both liberal guys and would have stuck around if the burgers weren't so expensive. From the looks of the other reviews we made the right call.
Normally, I think I'd give Jaded (formerly Burger Betty's) a three.  But considering that it's two previous incarnations were struggling to be average, I'll make an exception and laude the effort to really improve the quality of the menu.

An assortment of appetizers, salads, burgers, hot sandwiches, and acutal entrees (like you can order a steak!).  

I had the philly steak sandwhich, which was really good.  My friend had the cranberry-pesto pasta and enjoyed it as well.

While the effort to go upscale with what is clearly a casual dining kind of place has not really evolved yet in the decor (though anything is better than faux-Aussie), they are really doing good things with the food.

I'm actually motivated to make a return trip and not just by lack of other options.
3.5 stars.  
Located in the heart of the "waterfront" district in Scottsdale (yeah it's just a canal, and you can't see it from Sauce or most of the district in the first place, but it's the desert ok?), the unchain chain (it's a Fox Restaurant Concepts venue) does a nice job of good food at reasonable price and with pretty good speed.  Service is still a bit in training mode - but it did just recently open.

With a simple wall menu and pricing scheme, there is a large selection of thin crust pizzas - the kind you truly get in central and northern Italy.  While the cheese pizza I had was excellent, there were some nice mildly exotic offerings as well.

The beef lasagna was, for the price of $9, also a very very good choice.  While there was nothing wrong with the salad ordered (sorry - I think is was their Chicken and ? salad)  the order taker didn't know what type of lettuce (mixed) and it was way to light on dressing.  Good - but I wouldn't drive there for it.

Italian beer (Moretti's - yum) was nice.  The wine by the glass was not  special.  Chintzy retro-ish juice glasses were used, the Pinot Noir (only 1 selection per category) was ok.  But to get a 2nd glass I also had to go back up to the counter.  Even though it's a counter order system where they then deliver the food to your number & table, it still seems they should go the extra step for additional orders of food and drink.  Soda was one of those all you can drink fountains.

But for a bill of $45 with tip for 3,in the heart of Scottsdale, it's definitely  a place I'll stop in again if it's "quick, casual, simple and tasty" that I'm looking for.

Cheers
Stopped into Sauce for lunch yesterday and was delighted by the bustling little place. The menu offers a nice, but not large, selection of interesting pizzas and salads, plus a trio of lasagna offerings. We opted for a potato rosemary pizza, mozzarella and tomato salad and a chicken walnut salad. All were truly yummy ~ the pizza being my absolute favorite. I was surprised that the tomato mozzarella was lettuce salad. The pizza is served on a light crust, so not overly filling. Mom and I also indulged in a good glass of pino grigio. Total tab: $30.

The one hiccup in the place was service-oriented. This was the day after Christmas, so the place was packed. We ordered our food and drinks, but were told there weren't any seats available inside, and that our wine was not allowed on the outside patio. I asked the guy taking our order what he suggested we do, and he said we should not get the wine. Now, this was a mother-daughter shopping day, and we were going to have a glass of wine ~ we were actually thinking about going somewhere else when a manager-looking type said he had found a two-top for us. It was a cramped table, but we appreciated his service, and would only suggest finding a better solution than "don't get the wine" for future lunch and dinner goers.
I am usually not a fan of thin crust pizzas, but this place actually manages to make them taste good.  The dining environment is casual, and service was average but speedy.... it is basically an upscale fast food joint.   Not for every occasion, but all-in-all a nice place to grab a quick bite.

Added bonus, they serve wine and euro-style fizzy drinks (in orange and lemon flavors).
My only disappointment w/ Sauce was that while the food was good - it wasn't as great as the menu's hyped it to be.  Why would I mention that first?  Because after reading the menu online I was WAY into the place (expectations up), then I read the reviews (expectations slightly down, but still high), I then heard rave reviews from a friend (shooting expectations up) so I suppose I was expecting something above and beyond what I got.  Mind you - it was still pretty good.  I'm actually looking forward to making the trip again.

My sandwich was good - though I hardly tasted any pesto and my cheese was not melted (On a pannini - it should be melted) - but not amazing.  The pizzas looked great and I'm anxious to try one.  Soup and salad was good, but quite simple - nothing outstanding once again.  That said, great location, good parking.  We were one of only 2 other tables at 11:30 but by 12:30 when we left the place was packed so my advice is to go early or late if you want a really good experience.  

Though it's been stated that it's a "order at the counter" kind of place, folks regularly came around to pick up extra plates and provide drink refills which was a nice unexpected touch.

It's a nice option for lunch - but it's also in an area of many Good, Nice, Great and even Amazing lunch spots.  So while there are "better" spots to go in the area, this isn't ever going to be a bad choice - especially during non-peak hours.
Sauce is just my pace. It's a relaxed atmosphere where you order the food from a counter and it is brought to your table when it is ready. They offer pizza, tasty salads, panini's, and pastas. I have only tried the pizza and salads, but I have been very happy with both. They also have a huge selection of wines to choose from.

The pizzas do somewhat remind me of Italian pizza, just a crisper crust. They have some very unique pizza flavors at Sauce. Last time I ate there we tried the  Rosemary potato, spinach, feta, and olive pizza. I was a bit hesitant about the potatoes, but it turned out to be really good. 

I have to admit Sauce was a bit over hyped, but still the food is good and I really like the relaxed atmosphere!
Food is fantastic... salads are amazing... pizza is tasty. Selection of wine is decent enough and not terribly overpriced. The seating is very cafeteria like - similar to Pei wei or Chipotle - you place your order and take your number and drinks to your seat... someone brings you your food and they clear your table of empty plates. 

The food has been very reliable and I love to eat here. 

I'm not a fan of the seating and atmosphere though - the menu should drop a buck or two here and there to reflect the ambiance. 

The place usually has a good amount of people in it and depending on the time of day, someone's brought their noisy kids in there. It's not as bad as peter piper pizza, but I think the rich parents shopping at fashion square or waterfront consider it as such when their kids start crying for pizza. It's also a hot spot apparently for teenage high school girls... much like Ra Sushi. 

If the food wasn't as good as it is, I'd never go there again.
Sauce is my kind of place.  Great, inexpensive food, casual yet trendy atmosphere, perfect location.  

Located right by Urban Outfitters and Olive and Ivy at the Scottsdale Waterfront, I like Sauce as a pre or post shopping bonanza meal.  I always have the same thing: the mozzarella and tomato salad (which you should know is mostly greens with chucks of each, drizzled in balsamic), and the artichoke and portabella pizza.  This is a huge meal so I always have leftovers which make for the perfect 2am after-bar treat.  

If youre feeling particularly saucey, you can have yourself a glass of wine as well.
I stopped in Sauce today for lunch to take a break from shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square...it was a great choice.  Sauce is a good place if you want lunch while you are out shopping, but don't want typical mall food court options.  It's similar to a place like Pei Wei, where you place your order at the counter and your food is brought to you at a table.  I ordered the grilled cheese panini (mozzarella, fontina and cheddar), a slice of cheesecake, and a glass of Riesling.  My total was $15 for those three items, so not too bad at all.  The sandwich was delicious...the cheeses were melted together perfectly and they all complimented each other very well.  The cheesecake was nothing spectacular...not bad, but not amazing.  My friend's salad looked delicious, so much so that a woman came over and asked her about it.  

My only two negatives about Sauce are:
*the wine list was a bit lacking for a place that says it's a pizza and wine place...I think there was only like six choices or so for wine.
*you can't take your wine outside, according to the guys behind the counter. So if you want to eat outside, don't order any wine.  We saw people outside drinking beer, so I'm not sure what the complete story is.
Mmm...it was just ok.  It's a great alternative to the mall food court and good if you don't have time for a full fledged restaurant.  They only have one Pinot Grigio and it's a pretty crappy one.  I like that they chopped up the chicken in my salad (I hate when you get huge strips of chicken) and the salad was large but it didn't blow me away.  I would probably stop back in when shopping in the area because of how easy it was. 

Convenience is all it really has going for it...the food is just ok.
I genuinely like this place for a few reasons, and I keep coming back despite some small shortcomings, so it must be pretty good.

My good friend and I love to go here for our catch-up sessions over some lunch.  Its great because its easy, quick, something different than the norm.  Anyone I know I can take here for lunch or dinner run, and they'll probably find something they like or want to try.

The menu is pretty simple: pizzas, paninis, pastas and salads, and all are pretty good.  I will say, however, that sometimes they sound better than they actually are.  Some of the salads can be pretty bland, but the pizza and paninis are pretty good, just not fantastic.  All in all, the food selections are great; can't really say there is a bad choice in the bunch.  One thing I can say, I have a tendency to get the same thing often, and every so often a salad or panini will be notably less-than-stellar.  Despite the risk of get a bit of bad luck when ordering, on average, the food is very good.  

The service is great considering it looks like a simple order and sit-down kind of place, where there are small extras that they provide, like people coming around and asking if they can fill your drink, or offering to clear your table, etc.  As well, the location is great (especially if you get lucky enough to catch a parking space in front of the restaurant, and the convenience is fantastic.
For a good cause.. that's what I kept telling myself when we pulled up to Sauce at the canal (Waterfront, puhlease!). Me and the Mr headed over to Sauce after our reservation for Digestif fell through (thanks guys!). We were very animate about supporting the Dining for Life cause so this was the next best thing.. well, maybe those are a poor choice of words. The thing is we didn't want to drive all the way to downtown Phoenix.. so since there were only a handful of places.. 

Anyway, I have never been a fan of Fox concepts.. mediocre food set into sort of cool spaces. Sauce is no different.. sort of cool industrial interior, down beat music and wine only 5 bucks a glass. The concept is great its just that the food is terrible on all levels. From the salad with next to no toppings.. to the shitty Totino's style pizza (yep, ate that shit when I was a kid) to the horrible pannini. Seriously.. the food is so simple you think it would be great.. its just doesn't work.. I think the ingredients are to scant and the quality is so so. 

I gave one star for the lasagna which didn't suck as bad as I thought and the staff.. the staff is very friendly and attentive. Now if the food was better, well, I think we'd have a winner.
Sauce is a solid restaurant. I met up some family there for dinner and it was relatively quick, decently priced for fancy wood-fired thin-crust pizzas ($10 or so for a 12" pizza). We ordered the Rosemary Potato and Olive Pizza which was unique and quite good, along with a side of Mac and Cheese which was not so good - I expected a little more flavor or pop in it. Our table also ordered a italian sausage combo pizza which was good, and a corn chopped salad which was quite tasty. Beer selection was limited to about 6 choices.

Comparatively, I'd rather go to a CPK. But this is also a solid choice. I'd come back to it again probably.
I have been meaning to try sauce for awhile... Well I finally made it!  I did not try their pizza, I had the Prosciutto, Salami, Turkey, Red Onion, Tomato salad instead which was yummy.  It was the perfect amount of food, but if i was really hungry I don't think I would have left satisfied.  My lunch mate had one of their panini's which was all the ingredients of my salad minus the lettuce.  He seemed to really enjoy that too.  I would surely come back and try other things on the menu, their pizzas looked really good too.
Good enough for us to go back when we're feeling lazy but not good enough to rave about it.

It's fast, convenient and decent.

And impossible to take a piss in. Seriously. 1 stall for like, 40-70 customers. I swear every time I need to take a leak or wash my hands, someone's in there--writing a novel on the crapper or something . . .
I used to really like their turkey panini for some reason. Simple. Perfect. Right amount of turkey and cheese and pesto aioli, at the right temperature with the right crunchiness. 

But now it's served cold on a ciabatta bun, and it tastes like every other boring, overpriced cold turkey sandwich with too much turkey and bland, dry bread. 

Meh.
I like this place.  When I visit my pizza loving friend in Scottsdale - we head to Sauce - a super casual place in the midst of great shopping.

This is a "no frills, order at the counter, they deliver the goods to your table" type of place. The few times i've been there, the service was great for what I expect from such establishments. The atmosphere has an airy feel with a nod to some mod decor.

I usually share a salad (which comes with bread) and the prosciutto and melon pizza. It's delicious!!! ( I love prosciutto and melon - but on pizza!? ...YUM!!) I Also enjoy the tried and true classics they offer in their pizza selection menu.
A great place to grab a tasty bite if you aren't feeling the food court at Fashion Square.

Delish plates! My personal favorite is the Chicken & Broccoli pasta. Simply divine.  They also have a small wine & beer selection in case you're looking to have a drink.

Love it!
While most people probably visit Sauce for one of the delicious thin crust pizzas or well-portioned flavorful salads, I go out of my way to visit for the mac n cheese!!! No joke, this stuff is amazing! Creamy, cheesy and perfectly complimented with the side of bread that comes along. Give it a try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!!
Screw the soggy ass pizza... it's all about the spinach and pancetta salad. This little salad earned 3 stars all by it's lonesome.

Really though... if you are going to be a pizza joint and serve thin crust pizza... learn how to make it a crispy crust. I should be able to pick up my slice and not have it point south thankyouverymuch!
Went here with a friend who had been raving about their 'gourmet' pizza for months. She only knew of the one in Mesa but I stumbled upon this one while out for a ride on my bike, motor-less. Decided to take her there for a couple reasons a) cuz she's pretty cool and b) cuz if I don't like it I can totally rip on her and her tastes.

But dang! I really loved this place! So what if I'm in search of the best pizza in a city new to me? This pizza was so good I couldn't even bother comparing it to my fave 'back home.' 

We split a chicken caesar salad. The dressing was tasty and I really enjoyed the pulled-style all white chicken. Then onto the pepperoni and mushroom pizza. I loved how thin and crispy it was, the pepperoni was of really exceptional quality but it literally comes down to the sauce. Yeah, it's not just a catchy name for the joint; it makes the pizza!

My only complaint would be the selection of beer. Wine is becoming more and more accessible and I can totally get on board with the idea of wine and pizza or wine and just about anything else, but sometimes I want a beer. They have maybe 6 brands of beer and some are totally appropriate, such as Peroni. I just would like to have seen a bigger selection.

And I think someone else has mentioned the fact that the restroom is very small; true. It wasn't crowded when we were there so I think I'd be pissed if I'd been drinking and it was crowded and I did need to go. Other than that, I really dig this place and can totally see myself going back for a casual dinner or even making the little trek for lunch.
Sauce is a great gourmet pizza chain. I've eaten at the one at Glendale and 7th Street in Phoenix many times on several trips to the Valley, but stopped at the Waterfront location after some last minute Christmas shopping at Fashion Square (btw, Waterfront is really nice, first time I had been to it). It's very casual; you order at the counter after deciding from a menu on the wall. They have salads, sandwiches, thin crust pizzas, and pastas. I had the chicken pesto, tomato, and aged parmesan pizza. Their pizzas are very simple, with only a few ingredients, but there's a great variety of pizzas. After you order at the counter, they give you a number to put on your table and deliver your food when it is ready. The pizza I ordered was excellent. It had a simple taste to it, but it tasted really good. The only complaint I had about it was there could've been more pesto sauce. Overall, if you're looking for a quick convenient place to eat that has great food, head to Sauce. According to the website, there are 5 Valley locations, 3 Tucson area locations, and one Denver location. Now all they need is a Cleveland area location.
If you have time to wait in the long line and cash to pay for the moderately overpriced food, this isn't too bad.   Since I was feeling diet-y and would rather spend money on my new christmas-cash clothes, I just got a panini sandwich and water for 11$.  Pretty good, shared my sista's salad, slightly better than what you can get for 6$ at another small Italian owned place.  Great sidewalk viewing for all the Cindy McCains walking down the sidescape.
Walk-up counter, friendly staff w/ suggestions ready.  I came in stil unsure as to where I was going to have dinner- Olive & Ivy or Sauce?  One manager already had me pegged for a Spinach, Pancetta, and Goat cheese salad.  He was right, since it was pretty much the only salad I'd choose, mostly bec. many of the other choices contained allergens.  Meatballs were calling my name as well, so I chose to order the salad ($6.50), plus chicken ($2), and a side of one meatball ($1).  Paid and took my tag number to a booth.  

Salad, w/c glistened beautifully dressed w/ a balsamic vinaigrette, came topped w/ what looked like a teaspoon of lightly toasted pancetta and a tablespoon of crumbled goat cheese.  Chicken was missing, but was quickly brought to the table- about a quarter-cup, shredded, served cold in a dipping bowl.  In another dipping bowl sat my one lone meatball and a little dollop of red sauce.  I savored this little morsel w/ the dinner roll that came w/ the salad.  (The meal would have been perfect had the dinner roll been toasted crusty and warm!)

Aside from the counter and barstool dining area, the rest of the restaurant made me feel like I was eating at a cafeteria, w/c didn't lend any pizazz to my dining experience.  However, this speedbump won't keep me from returning to try other dishes (and more of those luscious meatballs!).
I was a little reluctant to eat here given how the "thin crust pizza" was touted.  But the ingredients seemed quality, and the salads and other dishes people in there were eating (sparse at 2pm on a Sunday) looked good, so I gave it a shot.

And I'm so glad I did!  To picky pizza people out there --thin crust here does NOT mean cracker crust.  (I hate cracker crust!)  This pizza has a woodfire quality edge with a middle-of-pie limpness of New York style pizza.  Pretty near perfection, in my book.  I had a pretty basic margharita pizza or something --perfect size for one (hungry) person.  

We had fountain drinks but you can get beer or wine, by the bottle or glass.  Very casual interior, with some limited (but nice in the experience of a Chicago girl in the winter) outdoor seating.

Definitely recommend, especially if you are weary of cracker crust pizza like me!
I like this place.  Food is pretty darn good, it's simple & reasonably priced :)
This place is really nothing special. If you want some decent 'fancy' pizza and an ok salad then this is an ok place. The service is friendly, the food arrives quick, and the quality and value is also ok. Since I am tyring to watch my waistline, I did not have the pizza. Instead I opted for the roast beef sandwich. The salad menu had a lot to be desired. The sandwich was ok at best even without the top layer of bread I stripped off to save the carbs. If I had $10 roast beef at my house I could have made it myself. My date had a salad that looked ok, but was also nothing special. The other person in my party had a Caesar salad that actually looked good and the lasagna which looked good as well. However, after looking at everyone's reaction to their meals, I could tell that if we closed our eyes we could just as well been in almost any restaurant in almost any strip mall in Tempe and not known the difference.

This is a typical chain that serves ok food. One main difference between this chain and others is that this one seems to be a bit more trendy than the rest. I'm talking about Fox Concepts. I'm just not hip enough to be drawn to their use of single nouns for restaurant names like, "Sauce", "North", "Wildflower", and "Blanco".

This was a return trip to Sauce for all 3 of us and will probably not be our last. Although I am not a fan, the other 2 people in my party are. When I return I may give one of their salads another chance or just say what the heck and get a pizza because it is by far the best thing on the menu.
I like to describe this place as the italian version of Pei Wei, only not as tasty. 

I have been 3 times now and never have I been like "I'm glad I ate that". 

I heard from a ton of ppl that their mac and cheese was so good, well despite that it was cold and the noodles were undercooked, slightly crunchy, when I got it, it might have been decent bc the cheese sauce was flavorful. 

I first went here with my old roommate when we had an intense craving for spaghetti with meatballs. you would think a place called Sauce would serve that, but nope. 

The pizza was so-so but not worth the price. and forget about that lame little roll they give you. 

Ya, I'd rather not. Hop over to olive and ivy next door and spend a few extra bucks on their pizza which is by far better.
The cafeteria setting was always a turn off for me but finally gave in to giving it a shot.  Salad was soso-think some of the tomatoes were bad.  But I thought the pizza and pasta were pretty good.  I would definetly go there next time a pasta craving comes around..but maybe will get it to go to avoid sitting in the uncomfortable chairs.
I just got back from Sauce a little while ago.  I decided I wanted to go there for my birthday dinner because it looked nice and and I saw that it was kid friendly.  So I got my housemates together (which included a nine month old boy) and we headed out.

We got there, walked in, perused the menu and ordered.  I got a chicken, pesto, and parmesan pizza.  One of my mates had the ham and pineapple and the other a mushroom creation.  Both of them said their pizzas were very good.  I had a similar opinion however I would have prefered chicken chunks rather than shredded the way they had it.  I had a nice Shiraz with my pizza which was a good decision.

I liked the location and the modern cafe ambience was very cool too.  The staff was friendly, hip, and pretty (there was a blonde hostess there that kinda got to me in a good way) .  The patrons ran the spectrum as far as what you'd expect in the heart of Scottsdale's "urban" core (I must admit I think I fell in love 3-5 times).  After we (barely) finished eating meals our little guy decided he'd had enough and made it clear.  We exploited the ideal location and went for a little walk around Old Town which was a nice way to end the outing.

(+)
Food
Location
Staff
Atmosphere

(-)
Shredded Chicken
I'm not going to lie, I have been here about 6 more times since my last review and it is really starting to grow on me.  The place is always clean, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff is always helpful, friendly and pretty speedy.  Also, aside from the prosciutto and melon pizza; they are all very good.
I wandered in here as a rush effort for some calories before my friends and I were headed to Fashion Square... its quick and relatively cheap.. Im not much for counter service places.. here you order at the counter and they table serve you from there.. AND I freak out over pasta..but they have a good selection of salads... so we were okay..and I dont have to be the high maintenance girl amongst my other girls! BUT... maybe Olive & Ivy down the street would have been a better choice.. not for anything other than my own personal taste!
It's been a lil bit since I've made a stop into Sauce- but had to write up a review bc I've never been disappointed with their service or their food- I'm a fan of the Fox restaurant's and this on in particular is a fave. My fave pizza is the Rosemary Potato (spinach, feta and Olive tapenade) as for the salad the Chicken, pine nuts & gorgonzola is a winner.. seriously very tasty. They really have a lil bit of everything when it comes to pasta dishes as well and the location is convenient if you're walking around waterfront.
LOVE their pasta shells, broccoli, & chicken dish (made for 2!) & various thin crusts. Service is as good as it gets for upscale fast food. Pricey, however portions are filling
The pizza at Sauce is the best!  I've had pizza in Italy (Rome, Tuscany, Umbria, etc) and love it there; I'm always disappointed by the pizza here in the US, and have only found a few places in the entire country that do what I consider to be a good crust; 'Sauce' manage to get it right! (the other fabulous place in the US is 'Pizza Antica' in Lafayette, CA).  

I don't understand another reviewer complaining about the amount of meat in the pizza; pizza is not about piles of meat, it is about a combination of ingredients - a perfect balance. 

The pastas and salads are also absolutely spot-on - every salad and pasta I've had has tasted fresh and has good ingredients. My only complaint about Sauce is that you can't sit outside and drink beer!  On a warm summer's evening, you must sit inside (in the over-cooled air) rather than sit at a table outside.  I know this is due to some local city rule, but still - has prevented me from going there more than once.  

The pricing and service are also extremely good.
If you are looking for Pizza Hut style pizza, this is not the place for you. This pizza will not be loaded with toppings, soaked by grease, or doughy. 

Instead, it is a lovely thin crust pizza, fired to perfection in the wood-burning oven. It is topped with a variety of toppings..shrooms, pepperoni, melon, Caesar salad...you get the drift. The Caesar pizza is delicious and perfect on a hot summer day. Just filling enough, but not to the point where you'll need to roll out of there. Also great is the Artichoke and Portobello mushroom pizza. The pizza is perfectly covered with juuuust enough cheese. The mushrooms and artichokes are perfectly placed. 

I think the pizza sauce is key. Hence the name I'm sure. :) Not too salty or acidic, but full of tomato flavor. No chunks, and nothing to get stuck in your teeth. 

Definitely consider starting off with a salad, which is the perfect size for sharing. 

Salad to share, two sodas, and a pizza - 20 bucks.
I've been to Sauce at least 50 times since I moved here over 3 years ago. I've tried the pizza, sandwiches, and salads, but most of the time I order a salad. My old favorite was the salami/prosciutto salad but it's no longer on the menu (though they will still make it for you if you ask). Lately I've been getting the chopped turkey and feta salad. If you are really hungry, order the mac and cheese - it's very creamy and cheesy. 

I always liked the decor in the restaurant, the brick and orange walls and pictures of Italy. Very affordable, most items are under $10. Just a side note - it seems like it's generally occupied by women so I don't know if your guy will like it that much (mine doesn't).  A good place to go to lunch with your girl friends after shopping!
Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.

I typically order chopped salads at lunch.  The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today.  I had them add asparagus, which was a great call if I may say so myself!  The large salad and fresh roll is the perfect lunch... fresh, filling, healthy enough, and pretty inexpensive when it comes to designer salads around town.  I also like the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads.  

My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich.  Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini.  I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised! It had a nice balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.  Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can work out to be a satisfactory meal... 

What I like about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and efficient service in a clean and casual environment.  The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy.
Pump the breaks. I was in the mood to see pasta shells the size of my ears, and sauce gave me what I wanted! 
I have been to sauce several times and loved each and every time! I don't go often since I can't seem to stay away from that dang macaroni and cheese (really shells and cheese). So I go when I'm truly wanting to splurge. It is amazing! the sauce is so cheesy and melty. It's like a cheesy melty goodness! The pizza is always amazing and well made. And the salad is shut your mouth good! You can't beat this place for some quick bistro Italian food. And if you feel like loving your inner fat kid, go pick up the tiramasu. Fan-freakin-tastic! 
But here is truly the best part...It is in a great part of town, the restaurant is always super clean, the staff is friendly and welcoming, and they have pasta shells the size of your ears! 
I don't know if you can tell or not, but I love this place. It is always a fun spot to go for lunch when you feel like being bad.
I can't believe I'm just reviewing Sauce right now considering I've probably been there about 250 times since I started working in the Old Town Scottsdale area.  There's nothing really...bad about this place.  It may be construed as slightly overpriced given the fact that it's primarily used as a lunch spot but the quality of the food is good.

Two recommendations:
1.  Broccoli Chicken Cheese pasta if you are able to take a post-lunch nap.
2.  Roast beef panini if you aren't.

The pizza is definitely decent as well, service is prompt and fast especially given the fact that it seems like the entire city of Scottsdale descends upon the place like vultures between 12 and 1p.

Bottom line - between Culinary Dropouts, Olive and Ivy, and the greasy mall food (with the new exception of Pita Jungle!), there aren't a ton of options and Sauce may just be your best bet.
Cockroaches crawling up the inside window. Staff did little to acknowledge this until I screamed in front of everyone inside during lunch. Manager said it was a water bug. Ya right, honey. Thanks for the expired appetizer card. I wasn't going to use it anyhow.
Service is always friendly, concerned and quick. Not a single bad thing to say about this place. Food is always fresh, made to order and delicious. Perfect lunch place, even during the lunch rush service is still great.
The overall experience is great. Must say I was pleasantly surprised. Much better then I anticiated. Since liked a chicks place to eat. I went with my wife and I must admit I really liked it. I got a spinach apple salad thingy and it was amazing. Great size portion and actually tasted like a good, healthy salad. The pizza is good and the mac and chheese is great. Overall ambience is nice and was a good place to relax woth freinds or family and enjoy good food. I think it is reasonably priced ( about  $7.50 a person) considering you get great quality food.  Definitely will be back!
mom and i met up for a shopping adventure, but before we shopped we needed to eat. woman cannot live on great deals alone! so we headed into sauce, right after the lunch rush. service was efficient and friendly. our table was dirty so we cleaned it ourselves. our food was delivered without plates or silverware. both of our chopped salads were pretty-on-the-plate and filling. i'm always amazed by how filling a sauce salad can be. a clean table and silverware/plates we didn't have to chase down would have earned this sauce 4 stars.
I first discovered Sauce back in my Wildcat days (bear down!) and I've been hooked ever since. I love Sauce because if I want to get in and out in a timely manner but leave with quality food, I know just where to go. Whether I'm in the mood for a salad, a panini, a half salad and panini combo or the ever-addicting pizza, I've got my choice at Sauce. Some of my favorites are the Tomato & Mozzarella salad, the rosemary potato with spinach, feta & olive tapenade and the turkey panini with pesto aioli.  

Sauce does an awesome job with their specials too! I received a free salad during the Sun's playoffs, a free dessert and the best summer deal is wine, salad and pizza for $20. So in summary, I know i can count on Sauce if I need to get some food on-the-go or if I want to stay and hang out for a bit. 

Next time I visit, I'm going to try the chicken pine nut salad and the veggie salad with turkey. I saw avocados on the veggie salad and I've been drooling for them ever since!
A great place for midday healthy food, thin crust good pizza ( try wild mushroom & arugula), salads are great too & the best part that serve pretty acceptable nice wines. It is not an average American food eatery, it is definitely for those who are looking for healthy low calorie lunch.
Salad was 3.5, pizza at 2.5.  We had the 20 dollar pizza/salad special.  I thought the price was very reasonable. We had the caprese salad and the sausage pepperoni pizza. the salad was good, albeit a very different take than how capresse is usually served.  However, it was good. The pizza was disappointing. It was greasy, and just not particularly great.  I would rather eat at Zpizza than here.

The restaurant concept is nice, the service was good, and the ambiance was adequate. However, I don't think I would go back to eat pizza.
This place rocks!  I have been to several locations and the food is nothing short of great.  It looks like food from a high end restaurant but the price is very lunch worthy.
We were looking for a fun and inexpensive place to eat on the waterfront in Scottsdale and this is the one that made the cut.

I had never heard of Sauce before but we liked the idea of pizza/pasta and wine. 

We gave it a shot for lunch and were not disappointed. 

Sauce is very much like a Chipotle atmosphere, you walk in pick your item off a menu posted on the wall, order and then sit down the best part was the customer service!

You are normally expected to get up and get your food when its ready (in a low key environment like this) but they brought it to our table. We also received bread which was unexpected. The attention to detail that the team gave to us was very unexpected but much appreciated, even during their busy lunch hour.

The food options were creative, it gave you the opportunity to try something new. We tried the Rosemary Potato Spinach, Feta & Olive Tapenade Pizza and were not disappointed. We also got the Vegetable Salad with  (Carrot, Asparagus, Cucumber, Corn, Tomato, Parmesan & Avocado). It was a very generous portion, fresh and very good. We had planned to split it and it was just perfect to do so, it was definitely not a pathetic looking mini salad that you often find at a quick restaurant atmosphere.

We definitely enjoyed our time there and for a quick inexpensive bit to eat it hit the spot!
I've been here a few times with family, and we always get the Mozzarella & Fontina Cheese & Basil Pizza to split (It's basically a margherita pizza, but it's pretty tasty).  The pizza is really yummy, but it's not the best pizza I've ever had.  This place is really good for pizza if your in the area, but I don't drink wine...so I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but It's great after a long day at Fashion Square.
I eat at Sauce about once a week, it is convenient, consistent and generally very yummy.  The staff is always courteous, the food always comes out in a timely manner, although I will note, when dinning with a group some times food comes to the table over the course of 5 to 10 minutes.  I have also noticed that things aren't always "hot" when they get to you.  Other than those minor issues, Sauce is the perfect place for a quick lunch with colleagues or after an afternoon of power shopping. I recommend their Veggie Salad with the gorgonzola dressing (it doesn't come with the salad so you have to ask  for it by name!).
Go to Trader Joes, buy their fresh pizza dough, grab some of their pizza "Sauce" and select some toppings. Then, create and bake the pizza at home. Your end product will be worthy of 5 stars in addition to being cheaper and tastier than the pizza at Sauce. 

This place is just mediocre. I've eaten homemade pizzas, frozen pizzas and food court pizzas that have tasted better. Leave it to the cunning Mr. Fox to create a seen and be seen, trendy, fast food pizza joint in disguise located in Scottsdale. Go figure. 

I'm not saying Sauce is awful but it's definitely not a place that I want to go back to. The pizza (actually just the food in general) was disappointing. Especially the pizza, as the crust was more like a crispy, greasy cracker sprinkled with parmesan cheese. 

There are two reasons why I gave Sauce three stars instead of two. Number one is because I really liked their Sangria. For $5 I got a huge glass that was very delicious and strong. Number 2 is that I really like the concept. Fast, cheap pizzas and salads are all great things! However, these things are not great when they just taste OK. The food at Sauce needs some improvement. 

To sum it up - I don't recommend Sauce as there are much better chain type places near the "waterfront" in Scottsdale... but if you must go here it isn't horrible, it's just alright.
What a fabulous place to meet friends for lunch after a few hours of holiday shopping!!! Right across the street from Fashion Square, this place is in a prime location for shoppers to rest their weary feet and escape from the frantic craze that is Christmastime at the mall. All of their food is delicious, but my personal favorite combo is the Chicken, pine nut, tomato & Gorgonzola salad with the wild mushroom and truffled arugula pizza (split between friends). The pizzas are mostly all under $10 a piece, and if you're not starving and don't want to share, you can get one of their many pasta sides and leave it at that. I like to enjoy a glass of wine with my lunch, and they have plenty to choose from. In the summertime, they even have a $20 special that gets you a pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine. That's $10 bucks each for you and a friend! The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because the interior decor is seriously lacking (reminds me of a nice cafeteria), and you aren't able to take your wine to any of the outside tables because their patio is not closed off to the sidewalk. Overall, though, this place rocks!
Perfect place for a casual lunch or a quick dinner after a day of shopping. It's nothing special, but it's comfortable, tasty and affordable. Uncomplicated, high quality pizza and salads...plus the lasagna is pretty good too.
we ended up at Sauce before the oregon pep rally for the national championship game, mainly because we were already in the area and it wasn't too busy.  it's one of those places where you order from the counter, find a seat, and they bring the food out to you when it's ready.  the pizza is thin crust, which i like, but it really have much flavor, which was disappointing.  the atmosphere left something to be desired as well.  i didn't love it, i didn't hate it, it was ok.  i would go back again out of convenience, but it wouldn't be a destination spot for me.
I had lunch with a friend and fellow Yelper and was pleasantly surprised.  Having driven past and seen only the "Pizza Wine" description, I thought this was a fancy Italian restaurant, as most are.

I found the menu to be quite compelling: a wonderful mix of unusual ingredients, freshly made.  And the style of service reminds me just a bit of Chipotle (one of my favorite fast food restaurants).  Meaning, the food is fresh, good, and reasonably priced.  And the restaurant is clean and modern without being fancy.

I am unable to give five stars only because I have only been here once.  (I haven't tested the consistency of the restaurant yet.)  There is much more that I want to taste, so I will definitely be back!
I'm still a fan of Sauce and I'm not lowering any stars, but I will say that the changes they have made to the Caprese Salad are not so much to my liking. It used to be my favorite salad and I would crave it. However, I've now had the new version of the Caprese Salad and it's just not like it was. The mozzarella overtakes the salad and the croutons (while tasty) are too fatty for the salad. Mozzarella is definitely the most overpowering ingredient and there aren't a ton of tomatoes. It's still tastes ok, but it's not the same. So, I will continue to hope they bring the old one back!
I have eaten at Sauce on many occasions.  I typically get the pizza or will go with a salad.  I ordered a grilled sandwich the last time, and it took over 20 minutes to get to my table.  The person I was eating with was already done when it got to my table.  The food is good, but I just stay away from the sandwiches now and stick to the pizza. 

It only gets 3 stars though, because the pizzas are kinda small for the price.  I would rather go to grimaldis if I want a pizza.
I am very particular about my pizza- I like it thin, I like it crispy, I don't like too much sauce, I like a tasty dough, etc. Sauce was awesome! At first I wasn't sure if I could eat a whole 12 inch by myself... well, I ate all of mine and one slice from my moms! I had the portobello and artichoke and it was so yummy! Cracker thin crispy crust, tasty, not oozing with sauce- perfect. My mom's chicken and broccoli was good and so was my sisters pepperoni and sausage. Side thing for me was that they had diet dr. pepper- one of my favorite drinks ever and most places do not have it from the fountain! This was our second restaurant in the Fox group and they are obviously doing something right! We will be back when we come visit again!
Pizza and Caesar salad were great, pretty neat place to get a quick eat
One of my "go-to" spots in old town for quick food. Sauce always has a hip crowd. The place is great and clean. The pastas/ salads/ soups/ and pizzas are all tasty. I have never been disappointed.
While driving down to PF Changs down by Fashion Square for a mothers day lunch, we passed by this place and decided on it instead to try something new. It looked busy outside on the patio so I figured this must be a pretty decent pizza place. I have only been to one other Fox restaurant and that is True Food Kitchen, which I like a lot. This place..... meh.

We walk in, and the first thing I notice to be different is its not a sit down, order, and food is brought to you kind of place. Its a order at the register, wait for food to come out kind of place. Which I was not expecting and frankly it confused me. The prices were extremely high for this kind of establishment. We ordered a few different items. The portabello and artichoke bruschetta, $4.50. Was it worth the money? No way. It was one thick slice of bread spread with a thin layer of goat cheese, topped with a minuscule amount of peppers, artichokes, and hardly any mushrooms. It did taste good, but definitely not a good value for the money. We also ordered the portabello and artichoke pizza $9.75, as well as the mushroom and arugula pizza, $9.75. I don't know where this place gets off charging the amount of money they do for how little food they give you. Their pizzas are a thin crust, with a thin layer of sauce, and a thin layer of cheese and toppings. Do people actually come here on a regular basis and pay this much for such a thin pizza? If they do something must be wrong with them. Either that or they are so dazzled by the Fox name that they don't care where they throw their cash. Now don't get me wrong. The pizzas all tasted really good, but I would not come here again because of the prices of the food here, which is the only reason for the two star review. I don't just review taste, I also review value. And the value here for what you get is none. 

Also, places like this that don't pay their employees at least minimum wage really bother me. At the register you pay and they have a tip line. I don't usually tip at these kinds of places where all the service I get is food being brought out to me or if I do I don't tip the usual amount, but I was so flustered by this I had no idea what to do. I even asked the girl do people usually tip, and she told me they were tip based pay employees. Seriously? They don't do anything worth the tip. At that point I felt obligated to tip so I did. And I still feel like I shouldn't have. All in all I spent $34 dollars on about $5 worth of ingredients. I wont be back.
I adore their chicken pinenuts and gorgonzola salad. It is really good and a great portion for lunch. I eat that I am full and satisfied for the rest of the day!
Sauce is a casual Italian restaurant that sells mostly pizza and sandwiches. Their pizzas are made on a really thin crust, almost like a pita, but even thinner. I had trouble deciding on which one to buy, so I got a create your own pizza. On my pizza, I added artichokes, prosciutto and fresh basil. I was pretty excited because I love artichokes and basil and the restaurant smelled really good! I ordered my pizza and walked next door to Urban Outfitters while I was waiting. (By the way, this is the sort of restaurant where you order your food and then either find a table or take it to go.) The pizza was ready in about 10 or 15 minutes. 

Overall, I wasn't overwhelmingly impressed with the pizza I had at Sauce. I love the fact that the pizza is thin crust, but it was a little overcooked, so some of the edges were a bit burnt. The toppings weren't plentiful; I couldn't even tell there was basil on the pizza. Maybe my expectations aren't fair but when I order artichokes on pizza, I expect them to be a little bigger than they were here. The artichokes were tiny little pieces of artichoke, I could hardly see them. Sauce and cheese, however, had good flavor! Maybe I have to try a different pizza. A girl in line recommended the caesar salad pizza.
We ate at Sauce for their 2 for $20 summer deal yesterday for lunch.  We ordered the caesar salad (which was a good portion for 2 to share), the chicken pesto pizza (which by the way is a white pizza, we didnt find this out until it came to our table but the manager offered to add pizza sauce to it which made it even better) and two glasses of wine.  Sauce is a good place that I tend to forget about because the pizza is in my opinion forgetable.  The staff was nice and prompt which lead me to give the 4 star rating.
Pretty good place for a quick lunch.  I was in here today and had the pasta with meatballs.  The meatballs and marinara sauce were good.  Nice flavors.  The pasta shells were overcooked and mushy.  Oh well.
I thought this place was a bore and a snore.  I was really excited when I heard about the quick-serve italian place.  I'm a big pasta person and I was hoping for some more creative options from Fox.  I got the chicken, broccoli, and cheese sauce and my friend got the mac and cheese or shall I say the Velvetta shells and cheese because thats exactly what both of our dishes tasted like only they added shredded chicken and broccoli to mine.
I went a second time and got pizza.  Maybe its my fault for going to a place called "Sauce" but I didn't know they took the name so seriously and literally covered the pizza in sauce with no cheese.  I like pizza with lots of cheese and not so much the sauce.  Thats just me and I know its a preference and thats why they get 3 stars rather than 2.
My wife and I love their salads and very thin crust pizza (we call it cracker pizza since it is always so crunchy).  Haven't had a bad experience at a "Fox Concept Restaurant" yet!
Love their pizza!!!  The make your own is cool.  My niece loved that she can create a pizza of her OWN.  We walked in and ordered... It was linner (4pm) but we were hungry after all the shopping.  My niece ordered a pepperoni and smoked ham pizza.  I got the chicken peso pizza.  We got our drinks, sat, and talked.  An employee asked if we wanted a chopped salad, they made 1 too many.  Sure, my niece inhaled it.  Her pizza came and I was told they made a mistake with mine.  Nice, so I am here watching her eat.  =(  My pizza finally came after 10 mins.
Sauce is a great Quick Serve place.  I had the Chix Caesar Salad it was large and filling and quite good.  The sangria is nice as well...I like the koolaid touch around the edge of the glass.  My man had the bruchetta caprese style and it was awesome...the tomatoes were perfectly ripe and the mozzarella was fresh and creamy.  The bread was a really crusty yet fluffy yet able to hold up to the mix piece of wonder...we found out they get it from LaBrea.  If you want a great quick lunch or dinner check it out...we look forward to trying the pizza and pasta next time!
Sauce is amazing. My husband and I are new to Phoenix and went walking around the 5th Ave area on a Friday night after seeing a movie. While walking in the area, most places were loud and pumping with house music that I imagine they play on the Jersey Shore. 

When we saw Sauce, we figured we should try it as it looked quaint and unique. We got the special = $20 for a pizza, salad, and two glasses of wine (or beer if you like). We LOVED the food. We got the Caprese Salad, the Pepperoni,Sausage,Red Pepper, and mushroom pizza, and two glasses of Sangria. 

Best $20 we've spent since moving here. The staff was super polite and helpful, the Caprese Salad was the best I've ever had. The pizza was great & one can definitely tell it is from a stone/fire oven. The Sangria was to die for.   SOOOOOO GET GOING!
Best spot to have lunch. Yummy pizza and salads! I am going to be such a regular when I become a neighbor soon.
Saturday evening.  The hellish temperatures of the summer are finally lowering to a slow simmer.  The youngest is hanging at Fashion Square, shopping for whatever teenage girls shop for.  The wife says, "I'm going to meet her at Sauce, you wanna come?"  It took a few moments.  I admit it, I'm somewhat of a pizza snob.  I really don't like the big chains, and if I ate there, it would absolutely be a last resort.  I'd eat Mcdonalds before I ate Pizza Hut.  And I find Mcdonalds absolutely disgusting.  So, now that I've set the tone for my review, let me go on to say it wasn't bad.  I split the summer special with my wife, which was a perfect meal option.  A salad, a pizza, and two glasses of wine - perfect.  We met the daughter and her friend, who both ordered a pasta dish.  Getting any sort of food review from a teenage daughter is about as easy as getting her to empty the dishwasher - sometimes you just do it yourself and avoid the grief.  Anyway, the girls seemed to enjoy their pasta, in between texting and talking about the latest formal fashions, they gulped their bowls of pasta.  There wasn't much left, so I interpret that as they liked it.  The wife had a salad caprese, chunks of mozzarella, tomato and croutons tossed with fresh basil in a balsamic vinegrette.  It was a pretty darn good salad.  I had a taste, and enjoyed it.  We each ordered Pinot Noir and it was basically a decent table wine.  A bit on the sweet side, but not bad.  I had the pizza with Pepperoni, fresh mozz and I had them add some sausage.  The sausage came pre-cooked and crumbled, sprinkled generously over the pizza, the pepperoni was in there somewhere, you could see what appeared to be the shadow of a slice here and there.  Shreds of fresh basil were sprinkled about.  Cheese was hiding somewhere, maybe it was in disguise. The sauce is a bit sweet, which for me is off-putting, but not too bad.  The crust was thin and crunchy on the outside, but the inside area quickly became sopped with the juices, turning limp.  The whole thing was not bad, a little salty, a little sweet, and limp in the middle, so not bad.  I would think they could work on that dough recipe, making it so that it can hold up to the ingredients better, and maybe a bit less sugar in the sauce, and it would be a really good pizza.  Because we had the wine, we were forced to sit inside, although the patio was quite inviting with the weather being so nice, and the misters going.  I would not call this a destination restaurant, my daughter might, but for me, I'd eat there again but not go out of my way to do so.
Love their pizza salad and wine for two deal sooo delicious!!!
My best friend and I came here for dinner one night during the week. It was not too crowded. The cashier gave recommendations for pizzas and salads. They talked us into the combo for two which included a shared pizza and salad and two glasses of wine. It was the perfect portion and the pairing was perfect. 

They could easily get away with higher prices because the quality of food is that amazing. 

The location is perfect too because it is just outside the mall so you can  hit up the mall first then satisfy your hunger at Sauce afterward. I can't wait to go again.
The cookies are to die for!! I wish I could order them online and send them to my friends and family all over the US!

but you can't live off cookies. all the other options are great! for the quality of the food, it's super affordable, the service is quick and there is a good variety. 

more of a lunch place. soups are just okay but the salads are great! ahh i want a cookie!
I wish I could give this a 3.5!  It's a wonderful place for a quick lunch - but this is not a place I would frequent for dinner due to atmosphere and menu choices, hence the lower rating.  If you're a fan of the walk up and order establishments, this would be a prime contender.  Now for the food!  I'm not a huge fan of their pizzas.  They taste great with gourmet ingredients - thin crust, but there are so many other pizza joints I would suggest first.  What I do love and highly suggest are their salads.  I think my favorite would have to be the caprese, which is actually a standard salad with lettuce, pieces of tomato and fresh mozzarella mixed in, an amazing balsamic vinaigrette, and to top it off... lightly crunchy buttered/oiled croutons made from their fresh bread.  

My second choice salad is the chicken/gorgonzola/tomato/pine nut one.  Fresh light dressing makes this a summer time delight.  

Their bruschetta is also great, but expect them to be small in portion, very individual, not shareable as an appetizer really.  Great flavors!

Paninis and pasta also are a large portion of the menu, but alas, I have not tried any of these yet!

In all, a great place to grab a quick bite with good food aimed to please.  If you're familiar with restaurants like Noodles n Co or Cosi, this is right in line.  Not quite what I expected from a FOX creation, but yummy.

p.s. their triple chocolate cookies (plain cookie dough, dark, milk, white chips) are way worth $1 more.  Make sure to take advantage of them because I am addicted even though I don't really love chocolate!
Great service and nice ambiance, but the food doesn't hold up. 

I started with the spinach, apple and Gorgonzola salad, which comes with chicken, and none of the flavors worked right. The nicest thing I could say about the salad was that the spinach wasn't wilty at all. 

Next, we had ordered the four-cheese pasta which features broccoli and chicken, and it fell flat. The rich white sauce lacked flavor,and the broccoli looked good but tasted odd. The chicken was completely different from the chicken on the salad - in a good way, but it was still kind of odd. 

I could see myself coming back here just for the convenience factor, but it won't be with any anticipation for good food, unfortunately.
Sauce is my absolute fav. I don't think I've had a single thing there that I haven't liked. While they are pretty well known for their pizza which is absolutely delish, I usually tend to eat a little on the healthier side and get either the turkey and feta salad or this other salad that has pears in it (I kind of forget exactly what it is, but I've gotten it a few times). I also like the soup and you can't go wrong with their turkey sandwich either. Oh, and their mac n cheese!!! So delish. Those are pretty good standbys, and it's nice that they give you bread and butter on the side no matter what you order, even if you do get a sandwich which a lot of places tend to skimp on the bread if you ordered bread as a staple of your meal (which is probably better for you anyway, but thanks for the extra bread, Sauce!) It's also nice that it's really close to a lot of stuff, so it's a good lunch spot during the work day. Don't get caught browsing at Urban Outfitters while you wait for your food though or you might get stuck spending 100 bucks in about 5 minutes like I did last time I went. Yikes.
Sauce was good, pasta was ok. For such a swank place it didn't deliver what I expected.
Great lunch place to get a drink with a vendor and enjoy a great meal, but still be able to keep a conversation going.

Sometimes you just do not want to not have a waiter interrupting your conversations every 5 minutes, but you do want semi elegant food and atmosphere. I have found this actually pretty hard to come by.  Well, if Italian food and wine are on your taste buds, this is the solution.  The food is fast and taste above average along with the service being above average, but that would only get it a 4 star rating.  The location and the fact they have alcohol there in the form of wine for a great price, makes it a 5.   

Great food 
Great price
Great service for a counter order restaurant.
I like Sauce, a lot. I like that for a 'quick-meal' place, they have a menu with a ton of variety. I like the brick oven pizzas, with that charred edge. The cheese they use is delicious. They have a new thicker hand-stretched crust, which is pretty good if you're offended by their normal thin crust. The hand stretched also appears to be a little larger, and is more filling than the thin crust, so it's good to share.

The white bean and potato soup is the reason why I only try to come here on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Yes, it is THAT good.

The pasta, salads, panini's are all good too. And they have a decent wine selection. 

In the summer they offer great dinner deals. I believe last summer was a pizza, a salad and 2 glasses of wine for $20. Seriously, thats a steal and a half dot com.
Keeping in mind that Sauce is a chain, the pizza is pretty good.  In my opinion a thinner crust is the only way to serve pizza.
Great pizza on a thin crust, perfect for takeout. My favorite is the portabella artichoke. 
Their mac n cheese is alright, but I've had much better.
Their Tiramisu now come in strange circular cups. Not as good as they used to be.
The food is good but the portions aren't very generous for the price.  I ordered a salad to go for the 1st time and it seemed about half the size of the dine-in size.  Oh well, maybe I just eat too much.
The chicken Mac & Cheese is hands-down the BEST Mac & Cheese EVER. And I've tried quite the variety.
It's the chipotle of pizza places. Quick, good but a little on the pricey side of things. It's no Grimaldis or Spinatos but for lunch it's pretty darn good. I'm a fan of salads so the Chicken, gorgonzola and pine nuts is always a nice change up in the week. The Paninis are also tasty and nicely size and the pizza - like I said pricey but good. I like thin crust - that's probably the biggest thing. Fresh, light and not too much for lunch.
Like the thin crust pizza, esp the spicy chicken sausage. Good pasta, spaghetti and meatballs. Love the meatballs.  Kid likes the mac n cheese. Can get a "side" dish of pasta at very reasonable price if not very hungry. Good bread also.
Not a fan of their tiramisu though which I usually really like at other places.
Good for takeout also.
Probably the worst service in all of Scottsdale.

Restaurant is run by kids who need a summer job. The manager has no understanding and/or concept of running a restaurant business. 

Ordered a pasta dish and a pizza. The pasta was out quick in less then ten minutes. Lousy pasta overcooked, sauce tasted sweet like Chef Boyardee. 

It took them 30 minutes + to get the pizza, by this time my pasta is cold. Had I not said something to the runner, we would have never gotten pizza. 

The manager came over, apologized, said it was her fault. She never once explained what was the reason that a table of 6 that arrived 20 minutes after us had five pizzas served, never comped the dinner, but did offer cookies?!!!!!  IS THIS RESTAURANT A JOKE??? ?

Cookies is going to resolve a service issue????  Where I come from, a round of drinks is offered to alleviate tension, or perhaps the dinner is comped, but COOKIES???

Give me a break...her calling is definitely NOT in the service industry. I think Girl Scouts of America is hiring a cookie maitre d'
I think this place is hyped up a little more than it should be. I've tired their bruschetta, pizzas and salads. They were decent and I have no complaints but nothing to rave about. A decent place to pop in to for lunch since they have counter service that you order at.
Usually have a good meal here.  Occasionally, the pizza is burned on the edges, but we love the Caesar salad, and the bruschetta is good, too.  The service is generally timely.  Definitely will frequent again.
Sauce is either hit or miss. It's a bit on the expensive side and suffers from mediocre management. 

It's one of those semi self-serve places; you walk up to a cashier to order, seat yourself, wait for servers to bring your order to your table and they might also come around to ask you if you need anything such as a drink refill.

The ambiance is hip, comfortable and open which makes it an ideal spot to catch-up with friends. 

An entree item (pizza or salad) will cost you around $10. The pizzas are scrumptious but I suggest getting normal/thin crust over their newer thick/pan crust. Every time I've had the thicker crust it's been over-cornmeal'd. Being on a budget, I usually order the mushroom and artichoke bruschetta and a soft drink for just under $7. If I can spend a bit more I'll go for the caesar salad, though I skip the unsatisfactorily dry, cold chicken add-on.

The service is even more hit-or-miss than the food. Their staff seems to have a high turn-over rate with the exception of a couple great food servers. I've had visits where the employees have been fantastic, and others where the cashiers have acted like I was doing them a favor. During a particularly unfortunate and embarrassing incident a young woman incorrectly took my order and when the resulting price was significantly more than it should have been I politely corrected her. She then stormed off into the kitchen and yelled at the staff, "HE DOESN'T WANT THE PIZZA ANYMORE!! HE WANTS THE BRUSCHETTA NOW." loud enough to be clearly heard from the dining area. I should have then called a manager but instead I accepted the $7 embarrassment and wouldn't return for nearly six months.

I've since returned to satisfactory experiences. Hit or miss ... it's the risk you take.
You always know what you're getting with one of these Fox Concept restaurants, but I had a great customer service experience the other night. I needed to grab some dinner real quick, but I knew most places were closed already. I showed up at Sauce at 9:05PM, and they closed at 9. I opened their front door anyway, and asked if they were still serving. They said "No," so I turned around and walked out as I had expected. Then about 10 seconds later, another person working there chased after me and said "Hey, maybe we can help you, what are you ordering & we'll see if we can still make it." I was getting a pretty simple chicken salad to-go, so they said it wouldn't be a problem, and they'll have it ready for me as quickly as possible. They made it fresh, and I was ecstatic that they stayed a little later then they had to in order to make me happy.
It's fine... nothing special. For some reason my brethren from the Valley of the Sun were huge fans, don't get it, won't be back.
Sauce is a decent, easy choice for quick lunch or dinner.   The food is OK - I found it better several years ago.  The ambiance is fresh and relaxed for a counter-order restaurant.

The menu has enough variety to make everyone happy: pizzas, pasta, salads, panini, gluten free, etc.  I like that you can order beer or wine with your meal (inside dining only).

Last week I tried their new, thicker crust and even though I'm a dough-lover I prefer the thin crust.
It's a cheap and quick meal when you're in a hurry.  The paper thin crust pizza is fine and we always finish all of it.  The salads are tasty and fresh.  If you want authentic pizza, this is not the place.
The concept of this place is fast casual, minus the fast part. I have been here several times due to its proximity to work but I find that the time it takes to get your food is not conducive to a work day lunch. They also do not offer pizza by the slice so if I am by myself grabbing a quick bite I go for a panini (which are just ok) and a side salad. They don't let you swap it for the chips so you have to pay extra for the salad and they don't let you get once of the "fancy" salads in a side portion.  Overall, I think the only time this place works is if you have some time to kill and a few other people with you so you can share a pizza and salad. But on those occasions I can think of half a dozen other places at the same price point that I would rather go to in the area with better food and ambiance. i.e. Fifth and Wine, Herb Box market, Olive and Ivy marketplace, Gelato Spot, etc. etc.
Our favorite pizza we usually order the mushroom and truffled arugula pizza with a salad. Its the perfect amount of food for two people. The crust is amazing cracker thin crispy goodness. The also have gluten free pizza.
This is a perky, grab n go kind of place for Italian food.  I liked the huge, chocolate chip cookies.
YUMMY!

I've been to another location for Sauce, and it's the same everywhere.  Good food, a little pricey, but there's no wait, other than the line in front of you.  (This was a backup for Olive & Ivy, because we didn't make a reservation.  Great second choice!)
Good food!  Great staff!
Good simple pizzas and salads at good prices. Friendly staff
I worked right around the corner from this place for over a year and didn't try it until my last week in Scottsdale. I made it a point to make it before I left mostly just because its a FRC and I love all the other ones. Not sure why I didn't make it before. 

Went for lunch with two friends. Jags and I ordered two different pizzas that we both wanted to try and then split each of them down the middle. Evan got another pizza and traded us each out a piece so we all got to try three different pizzas. 

I got a pepperoni and basil. Jags got spicy chicken sausage, and Evan got something else, can't remember. Anyway, they were all pretty solid. I like the crust, they definitely do the brick oven thing. The sauce as you might guess is good as well. You can tell they use high quality ingredients. 

Those three pizzas were the only things I ever tried but I'm guessing their other stuff wouldn't disappoint. They move pretty quick in there too.
I've been coming to this Sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience because I always know what to expect.

The pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say I'm a sucker it. Every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best I've had from a "fast casual" type of restaurant.

I definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality.
Good food and reasonable prices.  I loved the mac and cheese... although very heavy :)
Although Sauce is a chain and they have several locations in the valley I would go out of my way for this location. My husband and I came in on a Sunday afternoon, we ordered 2 pasta sides the red sauce with mozzarella and the Mac n' cheese which were both awesome! 

We just barely began to notice it was taking a little while for our pizza to come out when the manager(?) came over and apologized because the pizza had been brought to the wrong table and he had taken it off our tab (which we had already paid)! 

All the staff was awesome and really went above and beyond. 

And all this is coming from a server of a high volume restaurant downtown. 

Would come back again and again!
I've been coming here for 5+ years. Consistently good food, a laid-back ambiance, and they occasionally add new items that improve the menu. It is a fast casual concept - meaning that you place your order, take a number and they will bring it to you. This makes it the perfect format for a quick lunch or a nice, laid-back dinner. I love their pizzas because of the super-thin crust. And their salads are to-die-for. Mac and cheese is pretty wonderful, too. If I were to move out of state, Sauce Pizza and Wine would be one of the restaurants I would miss the most.
Not to shabby at all, Sauce!

Love their exposed brick, wood floors, and big chalkboard menu on wall. Adequate seating inside or out. Quick and friendly service.

Had the Feta and Turkey Salad (hold the corn!) last Sunday afternoon. Was pretty scrumptious! My dining partners had thin-crust pizza that looked delish also.

I will def be back for more Sauce!
I absolutely love this place. Allll the pizza here is phenomenal.  You can't go wrong with any veggie pizza here. :))) great customer service and very attentive.  

I LOVE THEIR ROLLS. :)
I've never been to a pizza place like this one... It was restaurant quality food served in a casual self serve type place. Almost like a wildflower bread company meets a humble pie restaurant.  You stand in line to order your food and your food is served to you. However u get to pick where you sit and had to fill and refill your drinks by yourself.  The food was great, high quality and served quickly.  Will definitely return!
The best food ever ! Come here all the time it's fast and affordable and amazing ! Their mac and cheese is on point and so is their Cesar salad. Also their Cesar pizza and potato pizza is great too. Love their bread rolls !
First impression of sauce was great, love the kitchen and pizza oven set up and how open the place is. The menu had a great selection and the food was excellent.
However, the service was not what I expected, aside from the girl at the register, the staff just stood there and did nothing besides talk. I had to go up to them 3 times let them know we were ready for the check...(bummed out)
I have to give the establishment a 3 star, I would comeback but probably on a day where the staff is switched up. Still though the food was great.
I have definitely become a great fan of Sauce! Every single thing I have had the opportunity to try has been delicious! I took a bite of each of my friends' dishes and everything tasted great. I ordered the sausage and caramelized onion pizza and added some red peppers. OMG, it was so amazing! It was a perfect combination of flavors and the thin crust was also very good! The kitchen accidentally made a cheese and basil pizza and kindly offered it to us! Even without a great amount of toppings it was a delicious pizza. My friend's daughter was in love with it, and she is typically a picky eater! I had a bite of my friends dishes - lasagna and mac n' cheese- they were both very flavorful and you could taste that they were made with fresh ingredients. It was a beautiful day outside so we decided to sit outside, the staff was very kind and brought out a high chair for the 2 year old. I was impressed at the size and quality of food that they serve with reasonable prices. I see that Yelp has a lot of good things to say about their salads, so I plan to get one next time! I cannot wait to come back for more, but I will admit it will be difficult to order anything other than their amazing sausage and caramelized onion pizza.
Don't go out of your way to come here -- you'll be disappointed. 

Sauce is a fast-casual concept that serves beer and wine (like Chipotle). Be forewarned that while you can order alcoholic drinks, their liquor license does not permit drinking on the patio. You have to keep your party indoors.

I went in with three other people. Three of us got the chicken and broccoli pasta and one got the meatball panini. That panini was the best thing on the table. The interesting thing about the pastas was that two of them were cold -- room temperature at best. The other one was blazing hot. I'm not sure what they do with their chicken here, but it has the taste and texture of canned chicken. They also ran out of wine glasses during our visit. When we ordered our second round, we were told we had to wait for clean glasses. We all finished our entrees and the glasses still weren't ready. Had to get a refund. Super disappointing. 

I might be back to grab a pizza for takeout. It seems that's what it's known for. Definitely won't be bringing a group in again.
I recently ate here and it was a great atmosphere. Perfect for an afternoon lunch after a long day of shopping. The quality of their food was very good especially for the price. The whole establishment was very clean and their entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an enjoyable, low maintenance, inexpensive lunch.
Everything about Sauce is amazing. The facility is always clean and the service is great. I have not had one thing on the menu that wasn't delicious. My favorites are the chicken caesar pizza, the mozzarella, fontina & basil pizza (their "plain cheese"), the roasted portobello & artichoke bruschetta, and the chicken & pine nut salad. You have to get a side of their mac 'n cheese, it is incredible. I highly recommend Sauce Pizza & Wine!
Not a place you'd go for a night out but a really great meal.  Piazza was excellent and I've never had better mac 'n cheese.  Served the wine in a juice type glass which gave it nice authentic Italian cafe touch.  Cheesecake and tiramisu were excellent.  If you're looking for a quick no frills lunch or dinner you won't be disappointed.
Generally I come here after a mall visit for cheap accessible food with a cute atmosphere. Today however was unacceptable. I ordered a turkey feta salad to go and had to come back because my turkey was not included. Once I started eating I found short hair in the bottom of my salad I can only assume was from the male cook. 

Due to the location and the great service I know there will be many more years to come for sauce on camelback. I only ask for improvements in the kitchen area and competence.
Sauce is absolutely packed at lunch time as it is one of the few spots to eat around the S Dobson/Ocotillo area. You pay at the counter and have your food delivered to your table. The line to order/pay at the counter are usually long and take a while to get to. The menu items themselves look really tasty and partially healthy. However, I found Sauce to really be overpriced for the actual quality and size of what you are getting. They try to be high-end but the food does not support it. I have had better pizzas and better salads for way less, I don't think it warrants $8-12 for lunch.
Upscale "fast" food.

We're creatures of habit and order the same meal during most visits. The macaroni and cheese, bruschetta and a mixed green salad and a few drinks. The salad and bruschetta are mostly consistent when ordering. The macaroni and cheese is never consistent. Sometimes the pasta is way over cooked other times just right. Sometimes the pasta swims in a runny cheese sauce, other times its coated just right. You never know. 

We've been going to this location for little over a year now. It's conveniently located within walking distance of our house. Today was perhaps the first time we received friendly and fast service.  From the cashier to the person collecting our plates, everyone seemed friendly and happy to serve. It almost seemed weird because I've gotten used to the fairly crappy snotty behavior of the kids working there.  

It was also the first time ever our whole meal was served within a few minute period. On all previous occasions, one dish would come out, then 20 minutes later another, and on many occasions you had to ask someone where your food was. Today, it was smooth running. Perhaps they did some much needed house-cleaning and hired new staff. Keep it up please!
I was excited to try this place after hearing so many good reviews. However it was quite a strange experience. My husband ordered the mac and cheese and I ordered a summer veggie salad. We waited about 15-20 minutes and they brought out his mac and cheese (which was almost cheese-less) and a stale roll that tasted like the ones from a high school cafeteria. I expected my salad to come out right behind. The waitress sure didn't say anything about it. Another 15 minutes went by.. My husband was almost done with his food by then, and then my food arrived. The salad was pretty good, but the waitress didn't even apologize for the wait. It is a little strange to send food for the same table out at different times. I don't think the food was worth the money and I don't know if that I will ever return.
Really, better sauce comes in a jar!  No basil on caprese salad, and swimming in dressing.  But what do I know.  Never had caprese salad with dressing.
Visiting from DC and stumbled across this place for lunch - pizza was great as was the summer vegetable salad.  Most notably, the wait staff checked on us twice and manager came to visit and chat.  Great food and experience.
Absolutely delicious!  Their pasta, pizza, and bread rolls are so amazing!  I recently went to Venice, Italy and Sauce is way better than true Italian.  It also is so fast.  This is the best Italian restaurant in AZ.  Must eat!
One of my favorite places to catch the latest flick.  It has lots of food/drink options all around, yet because it's not mall you won't find tons of kids, tween and teens running all over the place all of the time.  Most kids who are there are there to watch a particular movie.  In and out of there.  

It's also just a perfect meet spot for folks from different parts of town.  It was almost equal distance for friends from N. Phx, Old town Scottsdale, North Tempe and me in SoMo.  With it's location, you know it has to keep things nice, and it always does.

And as a note, something about the place must work to help keep kids calm.  We took a pack of kids (Ok, 3 boys) here to see the first Harry Potter when it came out.  It was awesome.  Got everyone a Starbucks to sip on while waiting in the long line - even though we'd pre bought our tickets we had to get there early to ensure good seats.  And even after an early morning drive that could have made them whiny and a Venti serving of sugar and caffeine - they all behaved perfectly through the entire thing - as did almost all other kids during the whole Harry process.  Dang impressive.
This is an OK place to watch a movie.  I like it because it's close by, usually has the films I want to see and it's relatively clean - although the other day I did step on gum in the theater.  Ugh.  Nice selection of corporate pre-date chow in the area, too.

Downsides are the film selection and parking layout.

The film selection could involve more creativity.  Why are they showing 3 screens of Pirates.  Is that really necessary?   I think AMC could show an indie film or two - I think the Biltmore / Central Phoenix types would really eat it up.   

I find the parking set-up to be fine, really.  But for the first-timer used to parking in a flat parking lot and walking straight into the theater it might be a bit confusing - because it's all urban, mixed-used development parking garage and stuff.  The stairs leading out of the garage to the walkway of the theater is REALLY confusing.  I can never remember which alternating staircase I took or which floor I'm on - Gila Monster, or Cactus Wren?  Hmmmm.
I like:
~the location (close to me)
~you can grab a drink after a movie or grab dinner before all in the same area
~the theater is traditionally cleaner than most

I hate:
~the smell of gas leaking when you walk out of the parking garage after you park
~getting stuck in the garage after the movie-- i don't get what the hold up is people???  Have your VALIDATED TICKET in your hot little hand as you approach the exit.  Often times, you can be stuck in the garage for 15 mins.  totally blows.

So I gave 3 stars, even though I like the theater itself, it's the parking that deserves zero stars-- so 3 stars it is.
The Esplanade is a decent movie theater to go to.  We are currently in a bit of a fight though, as they've decided to stop selling Snickers Popables.  It might not be entirely their fault, maybe more of a corporate decision, but I think I'm going to start sneaking my own treats in after that slap in the face.

Besides disagreeing as to acceptable movie snacks (they replaced the Popables with Goldfish crackers), I'll usually choose this theater over others, if only for it's proximity to my house and the mostly civilized crowd.  I find less screaming babies in R-rated movies at this theater than at, say, AMC Arizona Center.  Sometimes you get some annoying, giggly teens and pre-teens, which is why post-city-mandated-curfew shows are great.

I never have figured out why they can't seem to solve the problem of the garbage odor though.  It's not always present, but when it is, it's there in full force.  I'm guessing it's the food garbage from the restaurants, but I can't think that their neighbor, the Ritz-Carlton, is a big fan of that stink wafting over.

Some tips:

* If you want to avoid parking lines, park underground.  (This may only be useful after business hours and on weekends.)  If you come in off 24th Street, the entrance to the underground parking is to the right.  It's kind of creepy, but you can usually park right by the elevators and avoid the reeeeeally long lines that occur when almost all 14 theaters let out at the same time.

* If you're afraid to park underground, simply go downstairs and get an ice cream/coffee/pastry/drink at one of the restaurants and bars on the ground level.  By the time you get your food or drink and get back to your car, you've most likely avoided the line.  Don't be too leisurely though, or you'll catch the next exodus and the circle will start all over again.

* If you take the stairs, make sure you make note of which side of the stairs you came up.  There are two sets on each side of the theater and if you go down the wrong side, the entrance to your floor will be a non-descript little door rather than the wide open double-doored entrance that you recognize.
Never really had a problem here. The crowds aren't awful like the other theaters around me. Annnd it's close to the Gelato Spot, so I can smuggle in some treats. 

But what's up with the totally rank sewage odor that you have to suffer through while you go up the escalators? You'd think that in such a nice, upscale area as that, they'd want to fix that immediately, but it's been like that as long as I've been a patron.
And open letter to the Esplanade Theaters:

Dear Mr. or Ms. Esplanade
I enjoy your theaters. They are close to my home. And close to many restaurants and shops. Although I have to say the actual shops and restaurants at the Esplanade. Well, they suck. Except for Houstons. The choices of businesses and the horrible signage sends everyone scurring across the street. Yea, that's right. To the Biltmore. Just thought you should know.
Your seats are comfortable and generally pretty dang clean. And your crazy concession prices. I don't even mind. It's like the crazy drink prices at the airport. I always expect it and actually enjoy overspending for some strange reason. Just part of the experience I guess. 
I really just have one other thing to say Esplanade people:
FIX THOSE DAMN ESCALATORS!!!!! IF I WAS LOOKING FOR A FREAKIN HIKE BEFORE AND AFTER MY MOVIE I'D GO TO CAMELBACK MOUNTAIN! 
Thank you for your time. 
Most Sincerely,
Thomas S.
OK, here it is folks....I've been to this theater before and ran into the escalators being broken down and having to use the elevator(way too long a wait!---Not fun)  but the whole idea of the theater's location is a nice one, and yes, the movies seem to be a bit less macabre there and the maturity of the over-all crowd seems to have less crying children than many other theaters.  Last night though, I experienced the rank sewage smell (throughout the complex) with a friend (bad smells are the worst and most offensive to me!), theater #13 was filthy and unkempt, and the parking underground was a mess again!
I'm sorry, but if I should decide to go on a date any time soon or to impress a friend, I might have to strongly reconsider my theater choices.  Possibly go to Fashion Square in Snottsdale (Oh well)--At least I know what to expect there!  To me and my friend, the smell was the worst!  Sorry, this theater gets only two stars.
I've only been to two theaters since moving to the Valley.  Although I live closer to Harkins at Fashion Square, one experience there was enough for me.

I find this theater relatively clean and free of screaming brats.  That's about all I need to be happy.  I've never noticed the gas smell in the parking garage or encountered the broken escalators, but my husband always insists we take the stairs.  As if that's going to counteract the bucket of popcorn and 55-gallon drum of Coke!

Getting out of the garage can test your patience, though.  Beware of the lunatics whipping around the corners oblivious to the concept of driving on the right side.  

Best time to go is the 10 am showings on Fridays.  Garages are empty, theaters are empty, and it's only $5.  Now you have just enough money to buy a candy bar with the change from your twenty.
My favorite movie theater in town.  $5 movies before noon, nice neighborhood and surroundings, and not too many annoying ankle-biting children.  Yes, the escalators should just be made into fixed stairs.  I've had the privilege of riding an escalator one time in dozens of trips.  The smells in the parking garage are sometimes not fun, but it smells like roses compared to the clientele at Harkins AZ Mills.
Students pay student prices ONLY on Thursdays.  Otherwise, everyone pays $9.50 per ticket past 6p (seniors may have discounted rate).   $9.50!  Good thing garage parking is validated up to four hours!  

On a positive note, in fifteen minutes or more, I get to squeeze in a good workout before catching a movie.  I love climbing up and down those flights of stairs!
I love you Man!!! is the movie I went to see last night at this theater.

So I go to this place because it is close to my house is really never that crowded, there are two reasons why this place does not get a hirer rating.

1. It is usually pretty dirty and could use better clean up  I would even go as far to say I think this place could maybe use a good remodel. Also the men's restroom always smell like some homeless guy pissed on the floor and then the janitor pissed in a bucket and used his piss to mop up the homeless guys piss...to put it plainly it smells like piss...seriously dudes...how hard is it to piss in urinal...take another step closer to the god damn thing for crying out loud!!!!

2. I don't think I will ever get over the fact that the price of popcorn or any thing at the theater is marked up 7000% over actual retail. And with the quality of American cinema today just overall ticket prices are fucking ridiculous, I remember when I was a young whippersnapper no one ever walked out of a movie...now I see that shit all the time..because some of the movies suck so bad...you feel dumber after watching them.

So this place get three stars...for being close, that fact that it is never uber busy and not all the movies suck.
My favorite movie theater. Why? It's clean, the refreshment lines are short, many nearby dining & drinking options (and not just a Sbarro's or Chile's), covered parking (underground), it's a relatively safe neighborhood, and it's not tucked in a shopping mall. Add another plus - customer service. Last night we lingered at Morton's so long that we missed our 7PM show for which we prepurchased tickets. No problem they said, and handed us tickets for the 8PM. Very cool.
This is our theater of choice. It's clean, short lines for everything from tickets to refreshments. You can always find a seat. And  those seats are comfortable.  Covered parking. They validate and there is food nearby that is tasty.  They also have $5 dollar movies until 12 PM. So basically matinees are cheap. I enjoy that.
We've seen a bunch of movies at this theater over the years, so I am surprised I haven't written a review just yet.  Most recently, we went to see  "The Blind Side."  (Loved it by the way and highly recommend it).  

Some of the things I like about this movie theater:
*Great movie selection
*Comfortable seats
*Validated underground parking
*Easy access to Biltmore Fashion Mall, True Food, and Houston's
*Popcorn and other tasty treats
*Clean bathrooms
*Very good times compared to other theaters

And just a few things I've noted during my visits to this theater:
-escalators not always dependable
-expensive concessions
-ticket prices consistent with other theaters but still on the steep side!

That being said, I'm sure I'll continue to frequent this theater - keep the customer service, movie selection, etc... coming.  Just do me a favor and keep the prices where they're at.. no need to keep raising ticket prices!  Happy viewing all!
I am an AMC MovieWatcher... and I have the card to prove it!

I always catch the before-noon shows because they are only $5- even for new releases. The perfect treat for an early morning. The theatre is clean and there is usually a line but I skip right to the self-serve kiosks and get my tickets right away.

Also, sign up for the MovieWatchers' club. You can earn points and get discounts on snacks, free popcorn, candy and even movie tickets. I've cashed in on a couple free movie nights already. 

The concession stand moves slow. I wish sometimes the kids at the counter would just move a bit faster to get our things,especially when there is a long line. However, they are really good about upselling. 

The butter factory is clean and works! The jalapenos for the nachos are fresh and packed in its separate containers which makes it easy and I don't have to fish around a container of juice and soggy jalapenos for them.

The seats are comfortable and leave me with plenty of leg room, not that I need a lot of room but at least I know its there. It is a bit chilly so bring a light sweater. 

I haven't tried any restaurants nearby because it seems like there isn't any marketing for any. Most people come here just for the movies.

Oh yeah and don't forget to validate because if you didn't, the gate guards will make you go back to get it.
I usually like AMC, I do.  But it seems that everytime we go here, there is a problem.

For example, the other night, we wanted to see Date Night. Both MoviePhone.com and Fandango.com had shows at 8:45 and 9:40.  When we showed up, having missed the 8:45, we wanted to go to the 9:40 show. No one was up front selling tickets, so we had to buy it through the machine. It said it was currently 8:51, and that the only show that night was 8:45.  So we figured with previews we'd be fine, bought the tickets...which then came out of the machine completely smeared and unreadable.

Upon entering the theatre, we realize it was way into the movie, so we check out cell phones. It was actually 9:25 -- the machine's clock was off.  We went back to guest services to get a refund, and were told there was no 9:45.  Then I saw his sheet of paper, and pointed out to him that it SAID 9:45 was the next showing.  After a moment of "oh, well, I just didn't see that...and the machine is broken" we asked if we could just go see the 9:45, and were let in.

For the outrageous prices for both tickets and food (and the machine sure doesn't help OR give any student discounts), I'm really underwhelmed.  We'll probably look at another theatre.
One of the best movie theaters I have been to in a long long time.

When its 115 degrees outside, nothing beats sitting in an air conditioned theater.  My buddy and I went here twice during our stay.  We saw Inception and Cyrus.  Both decent flicks by the way.

5 stars.  That's right!  Know why?  $5.25 to get in.  That is unheard of.  I worked at a movie theater back in the day and those were the matinee prices THEN.  Here they are still that cheap.  That is awesome!   The theaters were really nice and they had multi levels in them.  We sat in the middle level for both movies.  There is nothing in front of you so you can stretch out your legs if you want.  The seats were comfortable and everyone we encountered was nice and friendly.  They also validate parking too which is awesome!  Overall a great theater!
One of my favorite places to see a movie.  Garage parking, nice staff great seats, and mostly empty.  You can have the theatre to yourself sometimes.
It's close to me, so I go here, and usually it's pretty empty. You're always assured a seat in air conditioning! They've always got the top movie selections - but the reason why it's not my favorite theaters is the PARKING - oy! What a pain in the butt! You have to park in the retail/restaurant parking garage, walk in the outdoor mall that is the Esplanade, but then you have to remember to get your ticket validated. Once I went and forgot, then gave my ticket to the parking lot guy - he said that they can't take that as validation anymore - $15!!! On top of my movie purchases, it was unreasonable. They should really stress making sure you have your parking taken care of. Either that, or I'm going only with people who promise to remind me to get validation!
We love the Esplande 14. In fact, we call it "our" theater and have a hard time going anywhere else. Its clean, great staff complete with tasty movie theater treats. And, its a great theater if you're looking to make a good old fashioned date night this is the place for you... great restaurant and bar options within walking distance to the theater. We often get Stingray for happy hour at the Biltmore and then walk over to the theater.
I love how this theatre is close to everything, but you can always find a parking spot and the theatre is never crowded. I just wish they (and all other movie theatres) would show movies at 8pm instead of 7 and 9.
Great location, very comfortable/large theatre
nice place to watch a movie. clean and very comfortable chairs.
The escalators are always broken, the popcorn is reminiscent of stale ass, the floors are sticky, and their customer service is a joke! I took both my kids to the FIRST showing of a CHILDREN'S movie on a Sunday morning during one of the hottest days of the year. The theater was 2/3 empty and we sat up front - about 30 minutes in my little one got antsy so my husband took her out to the arcade area. He tried to bring her back in but was told he couldn't by one of the employees. He decided to wait out the movie in the lobby after being given a refund on his ticket in arcade tokens (WTF?), but was then told he had to leave the premises because my child was being too loud (she was squealing at the games). When he asked them to exchange his game tokens for cash and then told them I had the car keys, wallet, and cell phones, they basically told him too bad and told him he had to wait out the 45 minutes in 100+ degree heat with my small child! If I hadn't thought it was strange that he hadn't returned and gone to see what had happened, I never would have known. We asked for the manager immediately and after my husband pointed out the two girls who had asked him to exit the building, we watched completely appalled as they lied to the manager, saying they had never even seen my husband before and that they had never told him anything like that. To our utter shock she basically turned to us and called US liars, refusing to give a refund. When we asked to speak to a general manager, he wasn't available but called us later in the day. He apologized and said he believed us but had to "back" his managers despite his personal belief. Worst theater experience ever - now we make the extra 30 minute drive up to Cine Capri; Harkins is SO much better AND they have flavored popcorn!
Renovations had this theater closed for a time and I recently attended the soft reopening of their dine-in theater dubbed "Fork & Screen". A promotion they sponsored "won" me four tickets to see "The Hangover Part II", though things didn't go quite as planned. 

While I was promised four tickets via the internet, when I went to print them, only two were available. In addition, while my guest and I arrived early, we were promptly told at the front door that the movie had been sold out. (More on that later.) Disappointed, my guest and I were about to leave when a good Samaritan offered us two tickets to see another move, Limitless. Glad the night wasn't a complete loss, we were happy to wait an additional half hour for the showtime of that particular film. 

During our wait we sat at what was formerly the concession stand, now renovated into a bar called "MacGuffins". We each drank Blue Moon and while cold, it wasn't the best flavor I've had. I can't quite put my finger on it, but will say they were competitively priced compared to local pubs. While this particular evening was probably a dry run for the staff, as well, I think they need to make an effort to get the table numbers straight. During the 30 or so minutes we sat at a pub table, we were approached by three additional servers (besides our own) bringing food we never ordered. 

The staff was very friendly and had been well coached on educating the public about the dine-in theater experience (and multiple offers for their version of a prepaid card.) In fact, one of the servers chatted us up so much he eventually offered to show us what the upgraded "suites" looked like. We got a quick peak and saw a theater with limited (reservation only, I believe) seating featuring roomy reclining seats and from what I've been told, will have an expanded suite-only menu available. If memory serves, I believe these seats will be about $2.00 more than seats in standard theaters. (And probably worth it for for quiet factor, alone.)

We arrived inside the actual theater and while our Good Samaritan had given us his extra tickets, they were not beside one another and an usher attempted to locate a pair of side-by-side seats.  He was able to accommodate us after a short wait, but I was confused as the theater was half empty and I couldn't understand the fuss.  It made me wonder if the movie we actually had intended to see and were told was sold out might also have been half empty. 

In the theater where we were seated we found chairs that rock back a bit, but do not fully recline. Frankly, I didn't feel they were the most comfortable. Each seat has its own swing out tray table, a call button and a small light. The light is useless as it is situated about four inches behind where your elbow might rest and isn't bright enough to read a menu or see your food. Our server was friendly and our order arrived promptly and hot, though the food was forgettable. Most of the menu options are similar to pub food. I had Buffalo Chicken Fingers, french fries and a Diet Coke. My guest had the Bacon Cheeseburger, french fries and a Sprite. Neither meal seemed to be anything more than processed food. 

While it was a promotional evening where the movie tix, entrees and fountain drinks were comped, had I paid for it all myself (nearly $85 with tip) I would have preferred to eat elsewhere.
I can say hands down I won't be returning.  We were able to enjoy the preview weekend offered for the new Fork & Screen features, and the best thing I can say about it was I'm glad it was free.  All in all we enjoyed 2 free movie tickets, as well as free dinner and soda.  When we arrived we were helped quickly by a friendly guy who helped us get our tickets and headed to the new bar in the lobby.  I order a pomegranate martini from the menu and was shocked with the $7.99 cost arrived in the smallest martini glass I've ever seen.  In addition to being outrageously priced, which on this instance wasn't too bad since I didn't pay for much else it was terrible.  

Even though we'd been told to arrive very early we were unable to actually enter our theater until 30 minutes before show time (even though the theater had been empty for nearly 40 minutes before we were able to be seated).  Once seated we experienced how close together the seats were.  I spent most of my evening being kicked, which isn't the fault of the person behind me I'm guessing she had as much foot room as I did which was none once the seat is reclined back.  Not to mention the highlight I saw on the site was about the age restrictions.  The cinama seats, which are only a few of the theaters are 21+ but the Fork and Dine theaters which I was in are 18+ or with a parent. So we had the joy of a 2 year old squeeling most of the movie which the staff (which was numerous) did nothing about.  

When the waiter who was friendly took our order and our food arrived about 20 minutes later.  The food was about on par price and quality wise of what you would get from Applebees or TGI Fridays.  We had the potato skins (it had been FOREVER and I was excited to be able to get them without the bacon), I had the margarita pizza, one of the few vegetarian options, which was very greasy. My husband had the chicken fajita wrap which is served with very plain potato chips.  All of it was alright, nothing terrible and nothing fantastic.  About an hour into the movie, as we'd been told, the waiter brought our check over.  Personally I think this is silly what if someone wants to order something else?  About 10 minutes later he comes by to pick up the check which we had not taken care of yet, after all we're watching a movie. He then told me he'd be back in a few minutes to pick it up then.  Personally this was the low point of the evening.  I handed the check to my husband, he took care of it and we simply left.  I hate being rushed out when eating at a normal restaurant but now you're going to interrupt my movie to pay a check when I could order more, and also you can't flip my table I'm going to be here for another hour watching the movie.  I simply couldn't stand to deal with any of it any longer. 

Like I said at least it was free, we did the math and our total for the evening would have come to about $70.  Which the experience was no where near worth.  I'm old fashioned I guess, I'll stick to dinner and then a movie.
They just switched from a traditional theater to a "dine-In" theater. More food options are available in lobby or during movie via waiter service. Bigger more comfortable, leather chairs in Fork & Dine screens & leather recliners in suites. You will be paying more for these seats as far fewer seats in theaters. Bacon Cheeseburger and Smoked salmon BLT are nothing spectacular, average at best. Burgers not cooked below medium well
I had the chance to visit this theater last week as well as yesterday for free screenings of the new "dine and movie" concept. I watched 4 movies- 2 of which were cinema suites (way better) and 2 Fork and screen. Cinema suites is pretty killer. No IPIC but hey you get what you pay for. The seats reclined all the way back they are big leather comfy seats. The menu was very chain-like. I ordered Thai coconut chix tenders that came with fries and a cpl of chili-asian like dipping sauces. Thank God it was free b/c $10 bux is kinda steep. The best meals I ordered were the smoked salmon BLT and Chicken tenders. Pass on the pizza (blech). The Fork and Screen rooms are not comparable at all to the cinema suites. They had hard leather chairs that basically swiveled a little. Go for the Cinema Suites it was roomier and really comfy. Plus you get a complimentary lil cup of the daily gourmet popcorn, hot washcloth and a ghiradelli choc mint candy when you leave.
Sound system is good, seats comfy but the "tables" at each seat are a bit small & awkward. Also the theatre is very dark which makes it difficult to see your food & especially difficult to pay your bill.  The movie price was great (cheaper than Ipic or Farreli) and food is decent & priced fairly.  Pet peeve of mine is that AMC doesn't have root beer so I had iced tea.
Contrary to everyone else, we really enjoyed our free movie experience.  Super friendly grand opening staff ... almost bordering on Disney-esque enthusiasm. Hope the energy stays on!

We definitely would come here again, larger seating, quieter atmosphere due to 18+ age group, and decent dining without scary airport-like pricing (entrees $8.99-12.99)...

Food quality is Applebee's level, so set expectations accordingly... 
Chicken tenders - run of the mill normal strips, no hint of coconut but there was the odd ponzu sauce.

Battered shrimp - received 7 large tender (not overcooked) shrimp, better but the ponzu sauce is corn syrup scary.  Allowed me to sub the typical fries for a small side salad (romaine).

Chicken fried steak - ok, came w/ hearty portion of mashed red potatoes and snap peas.

Smokey salmon sandwich - would order this again, came with chips

Triple berry stack - unmemorable

Chocolate brownie and ice cream - warm and delicious
Let's be honest, here's what you want to know first: How are the drinks?

It physically pains me to report that the cocktails at Esplanade's new dinner-and-a-movie theater suck. I guess Spouse and I are spoiled from drinking in gay bars (the gays love a heavy pour) because I could barely taste any booze in the 9 margaritas I devoured. It's also entirely possible my taste buds no longer detect the presence of alcohol in anything other than 190 proof Everclear grain alcohol. It happens.

I'm fairly certain the bartenders here are the same folks who used to serve the popcorn prior to the remodel. I guess since it's a movie theater I expected Tom Cruise to be slinging liquor bottles behind the bar. No, they actually use a shot glass to measure their pour. I know some queen reading this at One Lexington just gasped out loud and had to grab hold of her tomato red Hennessy sofa to keep from falling over. (Seriously, the gays love a heavy pour.) 

As for the rest of our theater experience, the food was better than expected. I was prepared for frozen entrees re-heated and served, but it was at least Applebees quality (check out them high standards). I ate a Chicken Quesadilla that was perfectly spiced and paired nicely with my virgin margaritas, but Spouse was less thrilled about his Lime Chicken Sandwich that he called "just ok" (I'm good with words, he's got the looks). Quick tip #1: Finger foods are the way to go; the woman next to me cutting into a wedge salad probably missed the first 20 minutes of the movie.

The seats were plush and comfy with plenty of elbow room. The slightly pricier tickets are worth it alone to avoid knocking elbows with some porny stranger who gets twitchy every time Scarlett Johansson appears on screen. Quick tip #2: If you're going in a big group, have one person buy all the tickets online so you get seats together; reserved seating FTW!

Spouse and I love movies so we'll be going back often. Where else are we gonna go, Christown Mall? Oh, the horror. It's just too bad we'll have to continue smuggling in the mini-bar we keep stashed in our glove box.

PS: Contagion - probably not the best choice for our first dinner movie experience. I went straight to the bathroom and washed my hands for 25 minutes.
saw another movie & this time in the cinema suites theatre.  Wonderful experience.  the chairs recline to almost lie down & you get a free cup of chocolate covered popcorn & a wetnap.  I felt like I was flying first class :)
again, I have to mention the sound system- it is really impressive.  Not so impressive was the "limited time only" calamari appetizer - I had to send it back.
HOLY CRAP I LOVE THIS PLACE.

the chairs are awesome and the servers are great.
What started off to be a nice experience quickly fizzled when an hour after leaving the theatre we realized we were given the wrong credit card. We had to go back to the theatre. My husband spoke to the manger and the senior manager about the issue. They were pleasant, apologized, took down his information so if the other girl comes back with our card they will call us. They also sent him off with a bunch of coupons for free appetizers bogo entrees and a few movie passes. That would have been a very kind gesture if they didn't EXPIRE on 10/15/2011 being that today is 10/9/2011. The few movie passes don't expire for a year which is nice.  Those "might" make up for the time it takes for me to cancel my credit card, change my auto pays to a new card etc.

Tip for the Esplanade: Please give your servers flashlights so they can give out the right credit card to the right customer. (On a side note: our friends that went with us were given the wrong change and had to let the server know or they would have been short-changed)

We will stick with Harkins at Fashion Square.
This dine-in, drink-in theater was truly a wild experience. When you walk in and see a full bar in the lobby, you know it is different. As for the food, I will say the bacon, cheeseburger I had was incredible!! I also like the concept that in a lot of the theaters it is age restricted to nobody under 21 which also comes with lazy-boy reclining chairs. You also have assigned seats so it's important to either get there earlier or pay the extra $1 charge to order online so you get good seats (but how they have it spread out really makes most of the seats really good).

My only hold back is that this place is not cheap! A large import beer was $7, the burger was $10, small popcorn $7 (with unlimited refills), and my ticket was $12 for a matinee on a Sunday. But this is definitely something that must be experienced.
My wife and I had our date night at the Esplanade for the first time since it's renovation.  I was surprised at the changes made to the place.  Gone was the old ticket booth, and the lobby/concession stand area was turned into a bar lounge type atmosphere.  Looked like a cool spot to hang out and wait for your movie if you were early, or even to it and chat, if on a date, after the movie.

You can purchase your tickets at the automated machines, or buy/pick them up inside at Guest Services.  

The employees were very cordial as we passed them on our way to our seats inside the theater.  We decided on the Cinema Suites, since it was 21&over.  We were impressed with the layout, and the very comfortable seats that recline.  Our server was very nice and informative.  I was surprised when she was entering our order into her pad, the other servers were bring our drinks and appetizers.  WOW!  That's faster and more impressive than a restaurant.  

I had the sirloin tips and mashed potato's, and my wife had the fried shrimp with fries.  I can't comment on any mixed drinks, (another reviewer complained of watered down drinks) mainly because we had wine. 

All in all, it was ok.  Kinda like food at an Applebee's, or Chili's.  Nothing to go crazy about, mediocre, and over priced, but it WAS a MOVIE THEATER.  I mean, It's not a Michelin Star restaurant.  I don't care that it is in the Biltmore area.

The thing that annoyed us the most were the 2 pompous couple's we sat between.  They constantly complained about something.  Mostly their refills.  The waitress explains to you, should you need something, PUSH the call button.  They never did.  They expected someone to come by.  The point of the call button is to minimize the wait staff running around disturbing patrons who are watching the movie.  

This is the main reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. They were really annoying. 

It's like this.......You are at a THEATER that serves food and drinks.  Not at a Fancy restaurant that shows a movie.  You're paying for the comfort and experience of being able to relax, enjoy a drink or dinner, all while watching a movie.

Bottom line, Food was ok, a little over priced, so watch what or how much, you order.  If you like to drink, have a beer, wine, or straight drink, if you are so worried of getting it watered down.  The employees from beginning to end were excellent.  And the over all experience was very enjoyable and fun.  We would definitely do it again real soon.
Dining experience was well executed, but the quality of the food and price did not do it justice. How do you screw up chicken tenders? I've had better from fast food joints. Seating was clever and practical, just no where to hang a jacket. If you're not from the area, it can be a pain to find the entrance and parking. Didn't help the movie I was dragged to sucked, but the service was actually really good. Crappy food, cumbersome locale and parking, and overpriced.... Eat at a restaurant first, then go to a normal theatre.
The new Esplanade is fantastic!

Food exceeded my (admittedly low) expectations. Everything packed a lot of flavor, and there was more thought and care put into it than I would normally expect from a restaurant that sources its food from a national distributor. For example, the breadstick that came with the Chicken Mac 'n Cheese was a soft pretzel. Cute, no? The Mac 'n Cheese and Chicken Fajita Wrap were on par with the best meals I've had at a TGI Fridays or Applebys. I mean that in the best way possible... This is simple whitebread American dining, but it's done well. Price points for food and alcohol were competitive with those chains as well... Most of the meals clocked in under $10, though soda was almost $4. 

Service was scary good. Push a button, BOOM! they're there at your side. Our drinks were refreshed before we could finish them. Super friendly waitress. Their efficiency bordered on supernatural. I mean, it's not like they can just look out over a one-room restaurant to see what's going on with their section of tables. So mad kudos to everyone who works there. 

There are two kinds of theaters, and you have to go to the AMC website to know which one your show is playing in. Note that the high-end theaters are 21+. Even the basic level had extraordinarily comfortable seating. Seats are arranged there mostly in groups of four. The enormous comfy chairs are worth the slightly higher ticket price. 

If you go during the day, don't pay the extra $1 to order your tickets from AMC's site. Otherwise, it's worth it: The seats are assigned.

My only complaint is that the popcorn only comes in a small bag. Refills are unlimited, and you only need to push a button to get more, but it's difficult to share a bag with a group of friends without calling for more every five minutes.
Pretty fancy re-model, now with leather reclining seats and servers that bring the food to you instead of buying at a snack bar.
Just moving to Phoenix a week ago I didn't have any idea this was a dine in theater. I walked in and was asked for my ID. I was like "ummm sure" the ticket dude told me what this place was an my jaw dropped literally!

We sat in the cinema suites which all the seats are lazy boy recliner chairs! You can order anything on there dinner menu plus get any type of alcoholic beverage you desire while in the movie theater...

Will Definatly go back since I live right down the street but this is not the type of movie theater that I will go every time a decent movie comes out.
This is my go to theater since the remodel. I've never been much of a movie goer, not a huge fan of the whole crammed like sardines into a room with a bunch of strangers thing...AMC Esplanade is a game changer. 

I'm a snob when it comes to almost everything, and hey, now I can be snobby about going to the movies too! The food is actually quite good. A significant step up from traditional bar fare. Offering everything from hot wings to fruit salad to the wonderfully tasty Smoked Salmon BLT. The fries are hot and crispy and the service is quick and friendly.

Now, let's talk liquor. When you walk in, the area that used to house popcorn, candy and soda is now a full bar! That's right, a full bar! Better wine and beer selection than I expected and you can still just get some popcorn and a Coke if you so desire. 

The theaters themselves are comfortable and seating is just how I like it, recliner type seating with a lot of room between you and everyone else. We ordered our tickets online prior to the showing and were able to choose our seats which is a nice touch. Go! Go now!
I am OBSESSED with this theater, as it is an escape from reality to curl up in reclined leather bound seats, comfort food, and drinks all while watching a new movie on the big screen. Additionally, as a brand new staff has been well trained and just as excited about the theater itself, the customer service is very welcoming and kind. If you're not on a tight budget, and love movies, drinks, and food as much as I do, this is the place for you!! :)
I get it. This is supposed to be really cool - eating and drinking in the theater. Sadly, it wasn't until after I'd purchased my ticket that I realized what I was getting myself into, and at the time I was just looking to see a movie - not have an "experience." 

I'm going to try really hard not to just be a curmudgeon about the whole thing, but there are a few flaws I'd like to see fixed before I ever go again.

1) Figure out some way to make the lights next to the seats optional. I hated having a light on the entire movie. I didn't need it but there was no way to shut it off.
2) Get the servers more comfortable with serving. They were a little slow and forgetful. I'm figuring it's just due to the fact that we're in a dark theater and this is a new thing.
3) I know that there is a poster talking about how the whole thing works, but I didn't see it. I'm not the type to just go asking for help because I'm stubborn and want to figure most things out myself. (Grumpy Becky is voicing her opinions now, sorry.) That being said, I kinda wish it would have been easier for me to figure out on my own and through a little less trial-and-error. (I sat for about fifteen minutes waiting for service before realizing that I needed to push the service button.) I know, I'm being THAT girl.

Also, let it be noted that if you're going in a group of three, be ready for the third wheel to feel even more excluded. The seats are set up perfectly for couples...and that's about it.

I will probably try this place at least one more time, but I'll hope to swindle someone into buying my ticket for me.
This place is sweet.  It eliminates the sucky parts of going to a theater (finding a seat crammed next to a stranger, needing more popcorn during the movie) and replaces them with wait service, seat assignments, and comfy chairs!!
It's hard to go back to a regular theater after this! Just for an additional $2 per ticket you can enjoy Cinema Suites(over 21 only). Drinks, food, extremely comfortable and great customer service.
Ok, this is a "Fork & Screen" and "Cinema Suites" AMC (one of 9 in the USA).  Since it is spanking new from the remodel completed in Sep '11, it is clean and shiny.  The comfy and roomy chairs are nice but not sure why they didn't put at least 2 to 3 more inches between them.  Service was fast at first then seemed to slow down.  If you want to drink alcohol while you watch a movie (instead of going to the AA meeting that you should be at), then this is the place.  Else, there are several other movie theaters near by that are just as comfy and a bit cheaper!
This theatre needed the remodel, because people started to forget it was there! I went last night to see the Breaking Dawn Premier and was quite impressed.  The tickets are expensive, but you are paying to have no one under 21 in the cinema suites (the theaters with the recliners), unlimited soft drink, coffee, and tea refills.  The food comes out quick, which is good because when they turn off the lights you can't see your food unless you push it way back towards the little lights.  Don't be put off by the prices, the portion sizes are pretty ample.  another drawback is they keep all the theaters SO cold that your food gets cold :(
I really enjoyed my last trip to the movies now that this cinema has been revamped. Gone is the concession stand and in it's place is a full bar. There are also a few tables in the lobby where patrons can have cocktails or order an entree from the menu....yup, they serve food and adult beverages.

The cinemas themselves have been revamped with wider seats and small tables in between the seats. There is waiter service to bring you food and drinks during the show along with cloth napkins and silverware. The set-up is still stadium seating and there appear to be long tables closer to the screen for larger parties as the tables further up are arranged in groups of two.

Prices are less than I expected. Three beers and Parmesan fries was $20. This is not a bargain night out, but still an enjoyable outing and this experience may compel me to go the movies more often. May not be everyone's cup of tea but I for one enjoyed myself.
Comparable to the iPic theater in Scottsdale, but more affordable and less pretentious. My new go-to!
OMG.. I LOVE what you've done with this place. Saw Twilight - Breaking Dawn here (dont judge me). Service was excellent, food was excellent. Seats were comfy.. love that there is reserved seating...I dont know why you would go anywhere else?
Loved this place. I had my doubts because of a prior experience. Years ago I went to Farelli's Cinema Supper Club in Scottsdale and it wasn't great. Bad food, seating wasn't ideal and just not a good experience overall. But wow. As soon as I walked into the newly remodeled AMC 14 I was impressed. A full bar where the concession stand use to be and nice tables and seating filled the lobby. The vibe was much more adult and cool right from the start. My friend pre-purchased tickets for six of us. We had our own row and when I sat down in the super comfy recliner I was in heaven! Great menu selection and the drinks were good. Got a cosmo and it was very good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I honestly didn't expect the drinks to be drinkable. Not at a movie theater but I was pleasantly surprised.  I got a Swiss mushroom cheeseburger and it was delicious. A few nice touches really made this an extra nice experience: while we waited for our drinks and food, we all got a cup of chocolate covered popcorn and when we left the theater, an employee was holding a tray of mint chocolate Ghiradelli squares. Nice touch. We had a few issues with the credit cards being charged properly and the bills mixed up but the management fixed things right away and gave re-admit passes without question. Nice service. This may not be for everyone if you just want your run of the mill popcorn, soda and movie but it's a fun treat to go here. I highly recommend it and will go back for sure!
Ok so lets start this off the right way by saying I was there for the Twilight Breaking Dawn Premier ... you think lot of teen girls screaming there heads off to see the film.  Nope ... 18+ for the whole theater when I walked in and had a seat in one of the lobby chairs I was properly greeted and offered a drink.  Wow that is great! I could even get a ADULT beverage ;) I like.  So I showed up about an hour early just not knowing what to expect and was informed by a greeter that we could go into the theater about thirty minutes early.  We get in the theater and where greeted with a smile by our waitress who took all are information and order and got us drinks with unlimited refills, get that large popcorn get unlimited free refills.  This is great now sure the tickets cost about $10.00 a person, Drinks are about 3.59 But unlimited refills.  Overall I had a great experience and look forward to being back again soon :)
Ever see or hear of the movie '50/50'? Well, I would've loved to have seen that movie at the AMC Esplanade 14 Fork & Screen "experience" because that was the "experience" I had there: 50% good and 50% terrible.

It all started good - that's the 50%. The waiter Scotty was awesome upfront, the price of the ticket affordable and the food was very good - I had the classic Chicken quesadilla, Parmesan fries and a "supposedly" free-refillable Cherry Coke. The screen and sound were good and so was the idea of having someone come when you needed them by a press of a service button. I'll tell you the truth: I rarely go to the movies these days and it's mostly because of the inconsiderate jerks who use their cell phones, held up as high and bright as possible, to text. Granted, I was literally the only other one in the theatre this time, but I was very prepared to press the button and get anyone kicked out who attempted to ruin yet another good time with their selfish texting.

Ok...and here's the 50% bad part: the plastic/barely rocking chairs were uncomfortable after awhile. I ran out of my soda 30 minutes into the showing and I pressed the button. Scotty had not returned. I thought maybe it was broken, so after 10 minutes, I turned it off and on again. Still no Scotty. Finally 30 minutes later he came back with the bill and sternly told me to turn off the button as if it was bothering him the whole time. Uh...#1 it wouldn't be bothering you if you came within, say those first 10 minutes and #2 isn't this the perk of being at this theatre?

In addition, he didn't give me a pen to sign the receipt. I wasn't about to use the useless button again, so I just left the merchant copy. Only, I thought it appropriate to tip my waiter and I was going to add it using my card on the little "tip line." Finally, I just put a few dollars I had on me in with the bill. Obviously, he didn't come back to get the receipt, so when I left the theatre when the movie was over, I looked for him. He was gone, wherever. In this economy and for someone working for AMC, you'd think he'd want a couple extra bucks for his efforts. (I say the "working for AMC" part, because I have worked for the company and I know all about minimum wages and abuse from management.)

So, I took back the tip money, handed the receipt to the bartender and left disappointed. Heck, they didn't even let me keep the plastic Coke cup nor did they honor the menu they publish online: I really wanted the Sicilian Pizzinis but they didn't have it on their hard-copy menu and Scotty know nothing of a "Pizzinis."
 
Since the "service" button is irrelevant and since I can just as easily eat popcorn or eat at a restaurant before/after, I doubt I'll be driving half-way across the city to come back here any time soon.
I don't care how much it costs. I'll never see another movie in anything other than their cinema suites again. Ever.

I love their leather recliners! They are just as comfortable as the one at your grandparents house. Plus, you get beer delivered to you at the touch of a button and prices are surprisingly reasonable (4 for a pint of domestic, 5 for imports). Plus, you get a sample of specialty popcorn, a warm towel, and a Ghirardelli chocolate on your way out. 

It can get crowded in the evenings, so you might want to consider purchasing your tickets ahead of time.

Don't go expecting AMC to serve you a gourmet meal unless you think Applebee's is a real treat.
the first time i was there service as great, but as the second and third time came the service and staff was poor, the manager and staff just stood there joking and messing around with no intention of asking us if we need any help. The waiter was great food is good but lobby customer service is not all that great younger spike hair manager is kinda rude too.
Super comfy chairs.. relaxing... and a good time to get away and just relax. The new bar is always a plus.. and our waiter Phillip was pretty awesome as well. The only down side to our adventure? We sat in the top row and if you put your chair back at all the little wall in front of you cuts off about half of the screen... design flaw much? Other than that.. pretty great.. can't wait for another movie!
I've been coming to this theater for a very long time, and the renovations are really impressive. The ticket booth is gone, and instead they have you buy the tickets inside at a machine or the Guest Services (or online). There's a full bar and lounge in the entrance, which was perfect for waiting for our friends to arrive. We couldn't get our tickets right away though, since we wanted to sit with our friends, and the theater does assigned seating. Once we were all together, we were easily able to pay separately but get seats together (on a weekday afternoon).

I saw Young Adult in the Cinema Suites (21+ over), so I can't comment on the regular dine-in theaters, but the cinema suites are really comfortable. They're paired in two's. I did notice, however, that when fully reclined, I was missing part of the bottom of the movie (blocked by a little wall that is behind each row), which might be because I'm short. 

The waitress we had was really friendly and nice. I asked her about turning off the light in between the seats, and she suggested putting the black napkin that comes with the silverware over it, which was brilliant and got rid of most of its annoying glare. 

We tried the brownie sundae, which was good (hard to get that one wrong). It came out really fast. They brought the check about an hour into the movie, which I think is a bit odd since the movie still had a bit to go.

Overall, I like the changes to the theater, but I'm glad I got to spend my high school years going here without all the fuss and restrictions.
My wife and went to the show last night at AMC Esplanade 14. This was our 1s visit since the remodel. Wow, what an experience! You can select the Fork & Screen theater, or the suites. We saw a movie in the Fork & Screen theater, but the suite is where its at. Fully reclining leather chairs, and full service bar and food through out the movie. I've also been to iPic, and I think AMC has outdone them here with a better price and service! iPic only offers service for the 1st 15 minutes of the show, whereas AMC offers service for the most of the movie. Also worthy of noting is that the Suite theater's are 21 and over. Check it out - you won't regret it!
My wife and I heard about this new cinemasuites thing at a christmas party. So we decided to go check it out. It was totally worth the drive to get there. All guests at the cinemasuites have to be over 21yrs old. The seats are all leather lazy boys with electronic recliners. You have a button to push for service, and there are drink menus and food. Its like being first class on an airplane only better! Movies before Noon are 9$ and movies after noon are 12$. Not too bad for such an experience!!
I took my wife there to see we bought a zoo, the movie was great and this place unbelievable. it was the best movie going experience i have ever had. they bring your drinks and food to you and you get to pick your seats before you go in there and it is on a really nice neighborhood too. i totally suggest this place to everyone.
I've been there a few times since they reopened, but I wasn't impressed. That was until I saw a movie in their new Cinema Suites. This is it. They got it right! There's a premium but it's worth it
Why can't they bring something like this to Tucson!!! 
Their service is off the charts! Unbelievable! 
I'd pay these prices for this service any day.
Wow! I love the new remodel. It is so nice and clean. I am really surprised with the attention to detail. Of course, you are still watching a movie at a movie theater, but the food was good - fairly priced and they have a bar? Who knew...
The new Esplanade provides a nice afternoon or evening out. The price for the regular movies is comparable to 3D movies and much more worth it.  The seats (especially the ones in Cinema Suites, which fully recline!) are comfortable. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. The refreshments are good, and food and drink prices are not inflated and more reasonable that those at the sports stadiums. An imported beer and unlimited popcorn is $13, not more than most theaters' large combos.  Parking is validated. If you are the ultimate movie fanatic, are not picky about atmosphere, and can go to movies at 10 in the morning, you can find a better deal elsewhere. But if you are a regular Joe, you will enjoy an occasional movie at the Esplanade.
Wow, did we enjoy this theater! I live only a few minutes away, and we hadn't been back since they renovated. We are so happy to see someone investing money into the Esplanade, because inept management of the complex has caused some merchants to leave or go out of business (really grungy, scary garage and elevators bothers a lot of people). But now, with AMC updated like this, there could be a resurgence coming to the Esplanade area! It is the most unique theater experience you can find anywhere. We've been to UltraStar and others who serve food and drink and this is far better. They really pulled it off.

The "fork and screen" theaters are less expensive and they are just like a traditional show with a somewhat nicer leather seat and a tray with a call button for service. The wait staff is friendly and outgoing (thanks Brittany!). But we enjoyed the "CinemaSuites" section of the theater so much more than the "Fork and Screen" side. In the CinemaSuites section, there are huge screens combined with exotic, electric retractable lounge chairs and dining trays that swing in and out of position. I was literally as comfortable as I would be on my own couch (more so!!) and the service was great. I had a White Chocolate Expresso Blender to drink and a delicious bacon cheeseburger. They brought us a little popcorn snack with chocolate in it that was not ordered, nor charged, and it was delicious. 

The theater itself has state of the art sound and as I said, a great big screen. It was expensive ($12) but I think very much worth it. There aren't that many seats in the theater because of the amount of room they give you around each seat -- it's really super luxe. Comparing this with an airline, the seats and service are like first class here compared to the tourist/economy seating of a standard show seat like a Harkins. We get it, AMC -- we see what all the fuss is about. This is the way to see movies. The only-average movie we went to see ("The Iron Lady") was made so much better by the comfort and care they gave us. Highly recommended.

The only negatives we had is the continued dirty, grungy appearance of the parking area and the elevator. I agree with another poster that there's too much "Security" presence, but they never bothered us or made us uncomfortable.
After having tried iPic theater in Scottsdale, this was like going from a Motel 6 to the Four Seasons. WELL worth the expense. We were on the side that served alcohol, not the "Fork and Screen" theater.

We started off early getting there before 3pm for a 3:50 showing. Waited in line longer than I would have cared for due to a woman in front of me who had to have the staff person read every summary of every movie showing. To that woman: have some courtesy for others and read it online for yourself or on that cool iPhone you kept looking it. So I found I really waited in line for nothing since if you purchased your tickets online, you could pick them up at the kiosks along the wall. Might have been nice to have a sign conveniently so I (and the others who heard this) wouldn't have had to wait.

I got a draft beer and it was served in an iced glass. Nice. I really didn't expect a theater "bar" to pay that much attention to detail especially after iPic. We were supposed to be able to get our seats at 3pm but when we went in, someone was still cleaning and asked if we could wait. Not a big deal. We were in by 3:10.

Seats. Amazingly comfortable and didn't have a bar going along the back as they did in iPic. Comfortable throughout the whole movie. Our server was prompt and got us drinks right away as well as an appetizer order. That reminds me...the menu. The menu was great with far more to choose from than the 3 items or so I was given a choice of at iPic. There were server call buttons on each chair unlike the "wave them down if you see them" method of iPic. I used it once to order dinner and again, the server was prompt. 

Food. Food was hot and very good. Nothing to complain about at all. I had the Chicken Alfredo and my wife had the Mac n Cheese. Both were fantastic and the portions were large. 

They even ended the movie with a lemon-scented hot towel! Attention to detail is how you do it and they are doing it great. I purchased a loyalty card since I will be back. iPic? iPic who?
I like this place. The food is not that great though. I kind of feel like it's pre-made and then heated up for each person. 

What I like: 

Nice fancy atmosphere 
Comfortable chairs 
Helpful service 
Plenty of Staff 
You can drink in the movie 

What I don't like.. 

The food.. Don't order the quesadilla, mac and cheese or chicken tenders... 

The burger is OK... 

I love going to this theater and I will keep going, but I don't know if I will order food again, unless I'm starving. The theater would be exceptional if the food was more tasty. I also feel like movies are better when  you go there because you don't have to worry about anything. There is plenty of space in your big comfy chair, the wait staff is at the push of a button and you can always get a good seat. They even ran back to get kid sized 3D glasses. 

I have seen 3 movies here so far and am making plans for girl's night to see more in the future, but like I said, I will most likely only order popcorn and maybe dessert to eat.
I thought this would be expensive, and waiters going in and out annoying. This place was AMAZING! The seats were so comfortable, and the way the theater is laid out you don't even notice the waiters. the food and drinks are normal price compared to a restaurant, and not overpriced like I thought it would be (like a normal theater for popcorn/drinks/candy, etc). The bar in the lobby is awesome, and the staff is friendly. We had a problem with our tickets, they split us up (you mainly order ahead of time and get reserved seating). they helped us and got us exactly what we wanted. I cant wait to go back!
After hearing about it for a while, we were very excited to try this theater for their food, drinks and movie. We made reservations online and got perfect seats which is a big plus. Front row=I don't go. 

It's awesome to be able to sit down and order food when you're cutting it close on time for a movie. I was a little disappointed by the menu - it reminded me of a bar menu and nothing really jumped out at me. The waitress took my order before the previews - a chicken wrap and popcorn. The chicken wrap came about 15 minutes later and was decent. 

The popcorn took 45 MINUTES. When we inquired about the popcorn, we were scolded with "it's not my department" from the waitress. By the time it came we were over it, so the $7/free refill deal is a joke considering the service is so slow. 

Garage parking is free with validation.

I would go again just because the seating is so comfortable, but I would rather eat before!
Was served two flat beers, the pizza for my two year old came out cold, along with cold stiff fries.  The salads were fine, the shrimp I served was good.  The service they do have down, the wait staff was gracious and did the best they could.  The back kitchen needs SERIOUS work... SERIOUS work.  I will wait for a long time before I go back again.
This definitely makes for a fun date night!

I've been here twice now since it reopened as a dine-in theatre and have enjoyed each experience, although customer service was much better the second time around.

Both times we've gone, our movies have only been in the Fork & Screen theatres - looking forward to trying the next level up. 

The last time I was there, we weren't able to make reservations online since we were paying with gift cards. So we got there early, enjoyed a drink around the corner at my fave bar - Merc. And then arrived 10 mins before previews started to order our dinner. It worked out perfectly. I ordered their brisket sandwich concoction - it's not even on the menu yet - and I was quite pleased with it. And my pomegranate martini was delish - a little on the sweet side - but that's what I prefer!

The previous time we went, we split their queso blanco dip w/chips and thai coconut chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were pretty good, but the queso dip was horrible. Tasted like your typical concession stand nacho cheese. So i would stay away from that.

All in all, I'm a fan and will be back soon!
Awesome. The place is well kept and I can't wait to go their again. The prices are good and the service is excellent! Highly recommend!
Love this place!  We've done both theaters and although both are nice, the seats in the Cinema Suites can't be beat.  The drinks are tasty and the food is pretty good as well.  

The only downside is that because seats are reserved, this is not a good last minute option.  We considered going yesterday but after looking online and realizing there were only 5 seats left and none of them were together, we rescheduled for today.  Make sure you take your garage ticket in with you to get it validated.
My all time favorite thing to do lately... make sure you go to a movie in the cinema suites where there are leather lazy -boy recliners, full food and beverage service, and you can call the waiter with the push of a button. I have been here probably 15 times and always had a great experience!
It's not a local theater it's a national chain.  I prefer to support my local Harkins.  I do like the new food options and actually the prices are not bad.  If you go here see the movie in the over 21 theaters they serve alcohol and the seats are a little more comfortable.
Love these movie theaters with the lay down seats and service while you watch a movie! Saw The Decendants, great movie great theater!
Not worth it.  First, we went to a 4pm matinee and it cost $24 ... that is $10 more than seeing a matinee at our usual theater.  Then we ordered some of their Italiano (sausage and pepperoni) pizza.  It tasted like bad frozen pizza and it was $10 per pizza.  The ice tea was $4.50 for unlimited refills, but it didn't taste good and we couldn't even get the server to bring us a glass of ice (since they put hardly any ice in it).  The popcorn was $7.75 with unlimited refills, but I was the only one eating popcorn and didn't need refills.  My usual theater gives me free popcorn if I spend $20 yearly for a t-shirt and $1 drink refills on their souvenir cup.  Our total tab was around $64 including tip.  Thought it was just too much for bad food.  Seats are okay, but I find them uncomfortable since I don't like to lean.  They aren't really any more spacious than a regular theater since you have the moveable tray.   I think I enjoy eating at a restaurant and then seeing a movie; I would spend some time talking to my spouse when I go out.
Wow! This theatre has redefined a night out at the movies. They've taken everything we dislike about most movie theatres and replaced it with a new way to cater to America's favorite obsession. Here are some examples (but you've gotta experience this for yourself to fully appreciate it):

Typical theatre: Get to the movie early so you can beat the crowds and find a good seat. 
Esplanade 14: Choose your seat beforehand (all seats same price)

Typical theatre: stand in line at the concession stand and give up a better seat or part of your movie and expect major price gouging. 
Esplanade 14: pay reasonably priced concessions from the comfort of your seat with the help of a server (included). 

Typical theatre: small, dirty/sticky, cloth seats with little leg room
Esplanade 14: big plush leather seats with a fold out table with so much leg room you should never touch the seat in front of you. And they were thinking large Americans here- No problems for the 300+ pounders. They won't be spilling over into the seat next to them.  These seats rock!...literally 

Typical theatre: various popcorn sizes and drink sizes all rediculously priced. 
Esplanade 14: one popcorn size 7.50 (free refills and large enough to feed anyone), one drink size (large with free refills). Not a rip off either. 

Typical theatre: $10-$11
Esplanade 14: $13 and probably should cost more. 

Only one negative thing to say:
I don't like the extra butter for my popcorn on the side in a small plastic cup. I don't know how to put it on like the specially trained concessions staff and it's difficult in the dark. The theatre should complete the preparation of the popcorn before it reaches your seat.
Brisket quesadilla very tasty.  Salsa not bad. Considering that it's movie/restaurant the food is surprisingly good.
Great atmosphere and customer service. The bartenders are awesome and made my husband and I few really good cocktails while we waited to go in the theater. However, the food is pretty mediocre. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and would return.
I could not be more obsessed with the Cinema Suites option at this theater. Plush, comfy leather chairs that completely recline and are reserved in advance so there is no hassle. A mini bowl of complimentary popcorn. Great service. A little chocolate when you leave. It is the absolute best! I wish I could go everyday. And I'm not even a movie person...
Best way to watch a movie! Food and drinks were fairly priced and so yummy. Seats were super comfortable. I will defiantly be going back again and again.
Since they made these theatres "AMC Dine-In" theatres, it's my favorite place in the Phoenix area to see a movie. It's nice, upscale and you pick your own seats.

The stadium theatres are the way to go. They're large, with huge, motorized reclining seats and walls in front of you and behind you. You can't see anyone behind you or in front of you, and you can't really see or hear anyone in your row, save for the person/people next to you. You get a dedicated server who will bring you anything from a soda to movie candy to spinach dip. There is also a full bar, so that's a plus. I haven't had a full meal there, but I've had a dessert (which was good), and service is attentive while being surprisingly unobtrusive. 

The smaller theatres are still good, just not as secluded. I absolutely hate hearing people talk during movies, and I don't like children in the theatre, so the larger spaces are my favorite, since you can't really see/hear anyone and you have to be 21+ to see a movie in the stadium areas. 

It's not as swanky as iPic, which feels like a nightclub in Vegas, but it's much cheaper ($12 per ticket for smaller theatres, $15 for stadium), and you get the wait staff here as well.

Totally recommend, I know I'll be back soon.
This place is great! When my friend I went here, it was my first experience with a dine-in theatre. 

Our server was so friendly and prompt.

I expected bland cafeteria food. I was worried it would taste like it came out of a TV dinner cardboard box but their food is seriously not bad!

I had mac and cheese and was very happy with my choice.

Only downside, I could barely see my dinner or the menu. Luckily, I am not a messy eater!
I know there are a lot of other great reviews on here about this theater and I agree that the dinner theater experience is fantastic. They give free refills on soda and popcorn (although they are awfully slow at it as others have pointed out), and it was wonderful to reserve seats ahead of time. However, the leather chairs were awful! We went twice while I was home and my mom and I both felt the same. The first time we thought it was just because we sat in one of the lower rows, but the 2nd time going (just to give it another chance) was the same. They are not cozy, very stiff, and the lumbar section actually hurt my lower back. Additionally, maybe because I am shorter person (5'3"), I could not put my feet on the ground so my legs were dangling unless I sat Indian-style (criss-cross applesauce for you PC people out there). For me, it is now a search to find a similar type theater with more comfy seats!
Second time going here and this time my friends and I accidentally ended up paying for the prime experience with the ability to do a full recline, not seeing the people in front of us because we were on sort of a private row (went to a 3 pm showing and tickets were $12 a piece). We hoped to get there in time for a beer at the bar but ended up needed to go right to the theater but fairly quickly got service and ordered drinks (I had a local San-Tan IPA which was great), along with a veggie platter and an order of hot wings. I find the wings to be great though we were not provided with an extra plate on which to put the detritus of wing eating, the gnawed upon bones but oh well...I was so delighted to find I could make my seat do a full layout that I didn't care and the sound and video quality in the theater house was excellent.

As others have mentioned, I love the reserved seating aspect and I'll be certain to come back. Oh, and when you come out they have a group employees greeting you and thanking you for coming and they have a tray of chocolate mints you can take advantage of as you walk out of the theater house, nice touch!
Boy oh boy do I like this theater... I must since I've probably dropped over $100 here in the past month between the 25 minute drive, the ticket price, and food; but I've got to say it's worth every penny!  In the past month, the Hubs and I have frequented the AMC Fork and Screen twice and have had the best experiences.  By combining two of my favorite activities, food and movies, AMC has made me one happy girl.  Ever since Farrelli's closed, we've been craving a similar experience.  Now with SMG and Fork and Screen we are set!

The service at this theater is great.  I love the fact you press one button and can get anything you want.  The food selection is good - chili's quality, but perfect for the movie and dining experience.  I've liked most everything I've eaten with the exception of the chicken fingers, which really tasted by McDonald's mcnuggets (which I usually like, but wasn't expecting here).  The tacos and pizza were great and overall, can't beat the prices.  The soda price is a little high, but that's ok you can get refills during the movie.  The seats/ atmosphere are awesome and everything is clean and new.

I can say without a doubt we'll be back... you can pick your seats in advance and have a no-hassle dinner/movie experience... what more could you want!
As a movie theater, 5-stars. The service is excellent (in Cinema Suites, in Fork & Screen not really). The seats are amazing in Cinema Suites. I also LOVE the assigned seating aspect.

The food is ok... sweets and milkshakes and candy stuff is much better than normal food. The chicken fingers I had, or wings or whatever, were kinda gross.

I also love the "age limit" of the theater. If your under 18, you HAVE to be accompanied by an adult. Makes for a much quieter and enjoyable experience.

I also love that there is a FULL bar up front. Beer and a movie - can't pass it up.
The new Fork and Screen is awesome! Being able to lounge at the full bar out front and then go in and have dinner...well, it doesn't get better than that! Keep it classy, not trashy, NCM...and they did an awesome job making this my newest obsession!
This is the only place I go to watch movies now.... They have a full bar, the food menu is extensive for a movie theater. Drinks are pretty good and you even get a glow stick in some of the specialty cocktails. Servers have always been helpful without being pushy. Appetizer sampler is a good starter... Don't forget you can also get candy and popcorn like a regular movie concession. BTW the order of regular popcorn is HUGE-GANTIC!!! Parmesan Fries are also good and the portion is huge! Don't forget the full bar!! You can meet up before the movies and get a little toasted! Hahaha

Try to get a theater that has the touch button recliners. They are so comfortable... It makes it feel like you're watching a movie in bed. Don't forget to validate your parking.
A good concept to keep what was a dyeing movie theater alive.  The big comfortable reserved seats and no one under 18 without supervision policy make for a nicer viewing experience.  You can see movies in a suite cinema for $3 more, the only point I see in spending more money for a nicer seat is knowing you're in a theater where everyone is over 21.  Not worth it to me.  The full bar in the spot that used to be a concession stand is a nice touch.

The food is reasonably priced, but not all that good.  The burger I had was probably on par with something from a cliche american chain restaurant.  Decent, but nothing special.  You can get much better food across the street for similar prices.  I also found it a little difficult to eat my meal.  The big reclining leather seats are nice for movie viewing, but I did not enjoy leaning forward to take a bite and not worry about spilling all over myself.

The staff did a nice job of trying to stay transparent during the movie.  You have to press the button for service, but the waiter did quietly ask if I needed anything else when he bused away my empty tray, and dropped off the check.  And to make things better, when the credits started rolling he advised audience members who were getting up to leave to stay until the end because there was a stinger.  The heads up was much appreciated.

I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to give this theater a try.  But if you live in the Biltmore or Arcadia areas, this is probably your best option.
We've been here at least a half dozen times now since they have revamped the AMC Esplanade.  The seats are great and movies are movies but the service in the cinemas is not all that great.  The first couple of times they brought the food and beverages fast.  The time before last I had to show the server how to open a bottle of wine, which he spilled on me and tonight we were brought the wrong appetizer and then had to wait at least 30 minutes to get the correct one. Our server knew that we also wanted to order something for dinner but he never came back.  We were never asked if we wanted another beverage and we only saw our server when he brought the bill at the end of the movie.  Yes, I am aware  that you can push the button for service which we ended up doing to order another beverage.  By that time, we had decided to go out to dinner after the movie.  Maybe it's been the luck of the draw and the past couple times we haven't gotten great servers, i don't know.  The food has always been good.

I do need to add that the lack of experience has been when we were in the Fork & Screen theater, not the Cinema Suites.

Still, a good place  to watch a movie and dine at the same time.  Just go with the understanding that the service is not what you will receive in a restaurant.  It is nice to sit in the lounge either before or after the movie and service there was just fine.
They have Cinemasuites AND Fork and Screen. I was so skeptical the first time someone told me a dinner theater could actually be a pleasant experience, since usually you go and it's noisy and the food isn't as good as it could be elsewhere, and movie theater food is always suspicious anyways. But AMC actually trained their employees to serve food during a movie without being intrusive, and I've seen three or four movies with dinner and drinks now and had a great time every time. The food is actually good! Regular movie tickets cost enough anyway you might as well make a night of it and have dinner and drinks all at the same place. Speaking of drinks, they don't skimp on the booze either.
Chicken fajita wrap was a nice lighter side item to eat tonight.  I left the salsa alone, as it reminded me of salsa that I ate in Minnesota, catsup with a difference.  This theater makes movies better.
Overall the experience was a mixed bag, though leaning more on the positive side. FWIW, AMC Esplanade has two styles of seating, both which serve food during the movie: cinema suites and fork and screen. Cinema Suites has a higher price and offers better seating and space. I've been to iPic also and let me tell you the differences:

Positives:

-Price: Huge price difference, almost 1/2 as a cheap as iPic

-Stadium Seating: In the cinema suites, you can't see the people in the rows in front of you or in back of you. iPic theaters don't have this.

-Must be over 21: Everyone who attends a movie in the cinema suites must be over 21 (Fork and Screen is 18). At iPic the only age option they have is 18 and can bring kids.

-Food Service Throughout the Movie: Can order food / drinks from the 20 minutes before the movie to the end of the movie. At iPic it's only in the first 20 minutes.

-On Call Service: Each seat in cinema suites has a button that you can call for waiter / waitress service. At iPic have to wait till your waiter or waitress is in the theatre.

Negatives:

-Wall Height: As mentioned already, in cinema suites there is stadium seating with huge walls between each row so you can't see the people in front or behind you. However the walls are so high that they come dangerously close to blocking the bottom of the screen when you're sitting upright. I couldn't recline in my chair because it made me go lower and made the bottom of the screen get cut off. I was in the back and I tried moving down a couple of rows and got the same effect. This was a major draw back and probably knocks a full star off my review. They need to fix this. At iPic no visibility issues.

-Food: I've only ordered the pizza there and it was very average. Everything I've had at iPic has been solid. Also, wouldn't grab me a redbull from the bar, at iPic they did (though aside from that the service was good and also good at iPic). Also, iPic gives you a free bag of popcorn, AMC does not.

-Quality: The overall quality of everything, from the seating materials, ambiance, design, etc is much much nicer at iPic. iPic takes it to another level (and it probably reflects in the very high price). AMC looks like an average movie theater with better seating.

-Food Service Throughout the Movie: I listed this as a positive because on the day I went I had the whole row to myself. However, on a Friday night when the movie is packed, I could see this being a distraction. It does help that they do have the rows separated in cinema suites. Also, the servers are iPic are usually hot chicks, where at Esplanade the times I've been there it's been two dudes.

In a nut shell iPic is much much nicer but at a much steeper price. AMC is acceptable though.
This is the closest theater to my house - and I am digging matinee pricing. I work second shift, so the lunchtime showing of movie plus lunch at the same time makes weekday movies a possibility for me.

Is the food fantastic?  Not really. 
But it's predictable and tasty - the servers I have dealt with are all friendly and well trained not to impede with the movie.

Glad it's here - and as long as the quality and cleanliness keeps up, I'll be a regular!
This was the best theater I have been to in the Valley that serves food & drinks in the movie. Great lobby, statium seating, clean and friendly service. I'll be back!
A Nice Change. Unique Experience. Food & Movie Experience Simultaneously. I sat in Fork & Screen for the matinee (only $6 per person). Other people said they had bad customer service in fork & screen, but I received awesome customer service. I got there before the movie started and placed my order during the previews. My food came out quick and Diner quality (tasty, but probably not awesome quality). 

Quick Note Regarding Parking: Park behind the movie theatre, by where it says AMC & Shops. The movie theatre will validate your parking for 4 hours of FREE parking. 

If you are a shopper....You can walk the underground path to the Biltmore mall afterwards for some quick shopping.
I want to love this place so bad, but it won't let me. There is some good, but a little more bad. I am honestly surprised at the number of 5 stars. I have been to the Esplanade probably around 6 times, and this is what I have observed....
-The ticketing staff is always patient, helpful, and friendly
- The bar- ugh. My partner and I have officially given up on the bar. They always seemed understaffed and grumpy. Maybe AMC should have service bartenders that only work the service well? I have had the same bartender the last few times there (can't remember name but her favorite movie is "A Walk to Remember", and she does not smile at all and is not the tiniest bit friendly. While there on Sunday, we had one round and she dropped off the ticket. I had my card sitting on it for 15 mins. (Really, 15, because we were contemplating if we had enough time to go somewhere else before the movie.) Three bartenders walked by repeatedly, not one taking my card. We tried to get eye attention but were avoided. We had to stand up and shuffle around to get the attention of one bartender who had passed us the most. In previous visits, the service was always slow, and typically unfriendly.
-Servers- hit or miss, but a lot of misses. In one incident my partner ordered a beer on draft. The server said okay.  Between 15-20 mins later a different server approached us and said they didn't have that particular beer.  Welp, that would've been nice to know. A different beer was ordered. Another 20 mins passed before we got that beer, by that time we were over it and sent it back. That seems pretty typical. Drinks take as long as food. Refills can be difficult to come by. I often see servers running food to the wrong people. Last time, we saw our order whiz past us and then back out the theater. We tried flagging the server down, but it was too late. I certainly wasn't going to chase after her. It took another 3 or 4 mins to get our food. On the bright side, the servers are at least all friendly. (Especially compared to the miserable bartenders)
-The atmosphere is fun, the location is ideal, and it's very clean. The theaters are spacious and comfy. 
AMC has a great concept here, but they definitely have a long way to go! I am not sure if I will give this place another chance or not. Maybe just a matinee where all we want is sodas?
So I came here yesterday to see snow white and the huntsmen, everything went good as always, except they are cutting back, for example they no longer sell gourmet popcorn, so no more free sample of the day, no more hot towel to wipe your hands, and no more mint ghiradeli chocolate at the exit. the special touch this theater had is gone. Might as well be a regular theater with nice seats
I wasn't very impressed with it at all. 
All the renovations are nice, and it was nice to be able to sit and have a beer while I watched the movie but everything else sucked. 
The service sucked. 
The food sucked.
The as to the service, they take your order on a little ipad sort of thing, each person is assigned a seat number...I don't believe they actually record the seat down as the waitress continually brought everything to me. other peoples food and drinks...and checks! Ugh. ALSO she brought my 15 year old cousin a BEER! WTF! We all received our food at the same time, except for my husband...he had ordered a burger and for some reason it took a good 15 minutes to arrive. 
Drink service was quick. 
The food itself was sub-par. I got chicken tenders. They did not have the taste or texture of chicken. they were really weird. 

I would say save your money and don't order dinner here. We will be back, but will only do drinks and light snacks.
I think the concept of AMC Esplanade 14 is great and the remodel is definitely looking nice but honestly,  the last thing I want while i'm sharing a room with far too many strangers is the smell of someones Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar lingering from behind me for two hours. Can't we enjoy movies with a drink, Red Vines, and popcorn anymore? Why do you need a New York Strip while you watch Prometheus?  I just don't get it. 3D movie plus a huge meal= vomit. Just saying.

Plus, who wants someone (servers) walking back and forth, back and forth, yada yada.. while you are trying to watch a movie? They do a great job of being quiet, courteous, etc.. but over all the service is just ok. We told our server before we ordered that my boyfriend and I were on a separate check from a friend and he still only brought us one check. Super annoying. 

I say, if you are going to have a menu keep it small. They have tons of drink options that seem like they would be great but again, I doubt I'll down a margarita in a movie theatre. I promise I'm not boring. Hell, maybe I am. 

I'm sure many people will rave about this and go on and on about how great it is to ring your server 5 times during a movie for more food... god. But this just isn't for me. I'll go and I'll bring my own Milk Duds and Red Vines. Don't tattle.
One of the things that frustrates me when I want a night out is that the movie I want to see is never playing at the right time to eat dinner out too. You either have to eat dinner way too early to finish in time and make the show or eat after the show but by then it is midnight. lol 
   So how to solve the issue, go to a dine in theater. I am mad I did not think of this idea myself. Haha! I had heard a lot about this concept this year but had not had the chance to go to one yet. I finally indulged this past Saturday. I had not been to this location since they remodeled so did not know what to expect except the things I had heard, which were all wonderful.
   The concept is a bit different from a regular movie. You purchase your seats with a certain seat number ahead of time, kind of like a play or concert. You can choose between the Dine In Theater or the Lounge. The lounge is three dollars extra and has reclining seats. They advertise the lounge as having " A more adult like feel! "  Ok, don't ask me what that means-hahaha! but My friends say it is great. 
   When I first walked in I noticed the nice lobby lounge chairs and bar. You can order drinks and food outside like in the old days-;0) that's ok too but the great thing here is that your theater chair is actually like a table at a restaurant. No more long lines at the popcorn counter, wow! (People who are late a lot will love it here! Ya hear that certain friends of mine?-lol- You all can run to your seat, get food delivered, and Wah-La the movie starts. brawhahah- sorry I digress) They give you full service right at your seat and even extend it during the movie. There is a button to call the waitress over when you need something but to be honest I never needed to punch the buttons. The servers were all over us the minute we sat down and the minute we needed anything. Actually, the service here was outstanding which prompted me to write a review! I thought it would be a bit distracting but it really was not.
   The food was OK not bad but not OMG I am going to die either. The menu was a lot more innovative then I thought it would be so I would go back to try some other things.I just ordered the bread and pretzel basket with red sauce and spicy cheese dip. It was good but how do you go wrong with that? My friend had a burger that she said was good. The Parm fries were tasty.  The thing I liked best is getting refills given to me at my seat. Yahoooo! The simplest things are the smallest blessings. 
  OK, have to write the negative. You pay for the convenience. The place is very expensive so bring your wallet. The cheapest movie is 12 bucks and the lounge is 15 and the food is over priced. Wow! Shocking you say. Food overpriced at the movies? I am so surprised! But in this case it is really over priced. Well, like I said before you pay for the convenience, I suppose. Sadly, I won't be able to go here all the time but a nice treat every now and again. I suppose when you factor in gas and travel time between a restaurant and a movie house it might be similar.  Check it out. Definitely worth at least a one time visit to see what you think.
As far as movies go, this is one of my favorite theaters in the area! You can always find good deals (ie, buy one get one) and regular movie tickets are very reasonably-priced. The seating is luxurious and extremely comfortable. They keep it very clean and neat. While the food is alright, the prices are way too steep for what they offer. Beers are reasonable and the service the three times I've been has been really friendly inside the theater. The bar, however, is a different story. While never totally full, it takes a very long time to be served. Your best bet is just to order something inside the movie!
$8 for popcorn.  That is not right.  Seriously I can't order a smaller size.  I would rather go to a regular theater and not be bothered by the inattentive server, the people eating noisily with fork and knife around me, and the light that is so bright next to my side that it is distracting.  Blah!!  I think I am most upset about the popcorn.  The food is average  and over priced and the whole serving people with in a movie is really not a great idea.    I like many other Americans appreciate value and good deals.  The amc esplanade offers neither when it comes to food at least.  If you are going to pay $9 for some potato skins at least make them really good.   They were actually ok but the whole experience leaves a sour taste.
Brew and View!!!!! Such an awesome concept. There is not much better on a hot summer's day than an ice cold movie theatre and a frosty beer. Now that the Esplanade has both you can be sure to find me here on a weekly basis. 

I got a 23oz stella for $7 bucks so I was quite impressed that they did not jack up the prices. They also sell all sorts of burgers, sandwiches, wraps ect.. I haven't actually tried the food so updates to follow.

Insider Tip - Theatres 1-5 are the ones with the reclining chairs, the rest only rock... But rocking with a frosty beverage is A-OK. Bring a sweater, it gets really cold inside!
My boyfriend and I decided to check out this dine and view theater last weekend for the debut of TED. This AMC was remodeled into a dine and drink type of theater. They have certain theaters that are called "Fork and Screen" and the other "Cinema Suites". Cinema suites have recliner chairs and are 21 and up, less seats.
Fork and Screen are cushy seats but no reclining. We went with the Fork and Screen as that was all that was available. We arrived early and had a drink at MacGuffins Bar inside the lobby. Ryan had a PBJ drink that tasted like a PBJ sandwich. I had a Southern Slam - Southern Comfort, Amaretto and Sour Apple Pucker shaken with orange juice. Quite yummy and strong. I may have had several..... We headed into the theater. The seats were setup with 2 4 2 across the theater. We were able to get 2 seats on the right about 3 rows up. They have tables that slide out in front of you for dining. Full silverware setting, side table area for drinks, etc. Our server was quite attentive and wasn't annoying. We never had to press our button to call him. He had water brought immediately. We started with Parmesan Fries which were quite tasty, Deep-fried until crispy and tossed with our seasoned salt, Parmesan cheese blend and Italian flat leaf parsley. Served with ketchup and garlic basil aioli.
Ryan ordered the fish and chips meal. He said it was nothing special and was good for what it was. I had the Bruschetta Shrimp Pasta - Pan-seared jumbo shrimp tossed in zesty seasoning with corkscrew pasta and creamy sun dried tomato sauce, and sprinkled with fresh tomato and basil bruschetta. The flavor was great. My only criticism is that I wish it would have had more shrimp. But over all it was a great experience. I want to go back and try other entrees. They are about average as far as costs. Our entrees ran 12-14 dollars each.  I would suggest checking this place out for sure! Great date night or a good girls/guys night out! They have underground parking and do validate.
Forget having to schedule your dinner reservations around the movie you're going to see. AMC Esplanade 14 in the Biltmore area of Phoenix underwent major renovations, turning its 14 theaters into chic dine-in auditoriums where viewers reserve their seats and get restaurant-quality service as they fill up on food and drinks while watching the flicks.

This is only the ninth AMC dine-in theater in the nation, with the next closest one being all the way in Kansas City. The new theaters' capacities range from 32-136, so each visit is way more intimate that the traditional movie-going experience.

The first cool thing about the theater is the MacGuffins bar that greets you when you walk in. It's replaced the concessions stand, with the kitchen behind the bar. I love the drinking-and-movie combination, since a lot of times alcohol can make a mediocre movie that much more fun. It's also a great place to hang out and catch up before the movie or discuss the film afterward, and the bar is fully stocked with everything from beer and wine to mimosas and martinis.

There are two types of theaters at the new AMC-nine Fork & Screen theaters and five Cinema Suites theaters. The Fork & Screen have more seats, and they're also the ones that will be showing all-ages movies. They have great comfy chairs with little lights you can push next to them to get a server to come around, and the seats are spread out enough to where nothing feels cramped.

While the whole venue is technically 18-and-older throughout, kids younger than 18 can come with someone 21-and-older.

The Cinema Suites theater have a more luxurious feel to them in the sense they have less seats and the chairs are absolutely amazing. You can just sink into them and recline almost to the point of lying down. Those theaters are exclusively for people ages 21-and-older, and they have the same set-up where you push a light to get a server's attention.

Each seat in the theaters has a menu and silverware next to it, along with a tray that slides out right in front of your seat. It's actually possible to be reclining while eating, which is really cool and makes you feel right at home.

The servers try to take your full order, from appetizers and drinks to dessert, all at once, so they keep the disruptions during the film to a minimum. The menus are full of American fare, including burgers and salads to flatbreads and seafood dishes, all served on bamboo plates that eliminate clinking during the film.

We tried a lot of food, starting with the Veggie Triple Feature ($7.99) that included jicama, pizza strips, celery and carrot sticks served with hummus and ranch. It was a huge appetizer and really tasty, and I loved that it was such a healthy option.

We also ordered the Double Cheese Batons ($7.99), mozzarella sticks topped with parmesan cheese. They were also yummy and a big portion.

I had to order the Bistro Mac and Cheese ($10.99) for my entree. I left off the bacon and chicken, and I loved the creaminess of the sauce and the abundance of pasta. It was served with a really great pretzel breadstick, which I thought was a delicious unique touch. I would recommend getting this, for sure.

And for dessert, we ordered New York Cheesecake ($6.49). I have to say, for a casual dining menu, both my guest and I freaking loved this cheesecake. It was really soft and creamy, and the strawberries were a perfect accompaniment.

I was really impressed with how concerned the wait staff was with making your movie experience enjoyable. Everyone who brought out our food and drinks were really careful not to disturb us, and they were impressive as servers in that they were very knowledgeable about the menu and were accurate with everything. They also spaced out all the courses expertly, preventing you from getting your entree while you're still working on your appetizer. They'll usually drop the check about an hour into the movie, but you can still add on whatever you want. Altogether, it was just a really pleasant and comfortable experience.

Tickets for movies range from $6-$15, and prices depend on the film and the theater you see it in. Even if you don't want to eat a full meal there, I think it's great to have the option to drink alcohol while you're watching a movie. For more information, log on to www.amctheatres.com/Esplanade.
Got here and every movie is sold out even if seats available.  Make sure to choose your seats or you end up in the front row!!!  Favorite theatre but sucks last two times.
Regular movie theaters have been ruined for me. Esplanade is fantastic and while it's a bit of a drive for us, it is a a theater  I will gladly put miles on my car for. Between the two types of theaters, I would recommend the Cinema Suites. These theaters are smaller (less people to annoy you,) no kids allowed,  the cushy seats recline, no one can kick your chair (you're in your own partitioned row,) and best of all you have your very own server in your very own reserved seat.

It's in a great part of Phoenix, the Biltmore area has plenty of options should you choose to have dinner outside of the the theater. Make sure if you park in the garage you have the front desk validate your ticket. Also, reserve tickets online before you head out the door. The theaters are small and sell out very quickly. Looking forward to seeing The Dark Knight Rises midnight premier this week and NOT have to wait in line! God bless reserved seating.
On Cinema Suites*: If you are of age with no children or in a group full of adults, do yourself a favor and upgrade. Five stars for this experience.

With no children, you can eat comfortably and get engrossed in the movie without the unexpected jolt of a baby crying or a parent snapping at a kid to be quiet. 

The smaller and more intimate setting with fewer seats and better chairs translates to comfort. I loved the fact that you can recline with your feet up and still use the large tray. To those who complain of not being able to eat when reclined, this isn't Rome. Sit up when you eat, and lay back when you're done. It's good for your digestion.

*Fork and Screen and Cinema Suites are separated by a wide, wide ocean of class, ambiance, and comfort. This review completely ignores Fork and Screen because of how bad it is.
Having been here really makes it difficult to go anywhere else.  The Cinema Suites are so comfortable and were the only way I'd be able to watch The Dark Knight Rises (it breaks my 2 hour movie rule).  The wait staff is great and they actually have decent food.  It's a little pricey but hey, you're at a movie!  Our waiter last night was wonderful about accommodating my request that my fries be in a separate bowl from my sandwich.  Love this place.
Not the best of the dining theaters - the food is average and the prices are high for both movie and food.  The portions for the mediocre food is also the smallest I've had at one of these.  The popcorn is the same price as other AMCs so that's not a relief of any sort either.  I probably won't be back to this one..
leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a great idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...

--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)
I LOVE LOVE LOVE knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing
--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy "fork and screen"
--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.
--the concept is excellent, but with declining food quality, it could die off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!

#chicken wings gone south. they're the fatty and mushy "pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat" SHIT "chicken"
#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.
#food often arrives "dead" cold. SEND IT BACK.
#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.
#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost town
note to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!

HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be right with you. the button starts a timer which sends an "all call" if someone doesn't reach you quickly.
The food was fresh, the seats are wonderful, lots of room, all round a great date. But for the drinks guy who kept acting like he really didn't want to be there, this is a five star place. Superb.
There is no better way to watch a movie than the Cinema Suites here.  No kids and recliner chairs are the way to go.  Drinks are fine, food menu is better than I would have expected.  It's a bit pricier, but worth it.

Side note - if you want to save some bucks, come for a morning matinee show.  Spend what you'd save otherwise on a Bloody Mary at the bar before you go in.  Worth it!
Ordered food even though I wasn't hungry just because I could. Nowhere like it in NorCal.
What a great way to watch a movie!! We got to do the dinner theater, which cost $12 per ticket. Huge oversized stuffed chairs, great service. They, suprisingly, had a great well rounded menu for food and a full bar. I didn't have any drinks, but I did snag  an order of fish and chips with an ice tea that was perfect while watching a good movie. All in all, super fan!!!
Came here for the first time last night - was a little hesitant due to the negative reviews. We saw Batman in the Forks and Screen theater. Loved it! The seats are comfortable (despite what another reviewer said), everything was clean at our seats and our server came by right away like he said he would. We each ordered appetizers and already had drinks from the bar. The food was great! The only negative would be that it's pretty distracting having servers going in and out during the movie. But it's to be expected at a place like this and just something you have to deal with. 4 stars because of price - we had two tickets, two drinks and three apps. It was over $80 - not sure that it's worth that. But good for a once in a while date!
Our first attempt to see a movie here was an epic fail on my part. Who'd a thunk you have to purchase your tickets in advance which allows you to pick your own cushy seats? What a nifty- brilliant idea, right?

I was like, drop me off here and I'll go buy the tickets while you park the car and he was like, you didn't pre-purchase our tickets (white eye stare)? And I was like, seriously, who pre-buys tickets on a Friday night as I exit the almost stopped car?  I high tail it to the counter praying to god and all the saints that there are two fantastic seats available. So I get to the ticket counter ever so confident still thinking I can score us some fantastic seats to a movie during opening week. But got the disingenuous - sorry all sold out instead. I politely but desperately asked her to "check again,' nope sorry. Maybe someone's cancelled?" She was like, no, sorry, still sold out. He shows up - almost out of breath from his post park jog. So, where are the tickets? And I was like...Well, Um, hmmm...and he was like,, Yeah... Pre-Purchase Tickets (white eye stare)! 

So lesson learn, I pre-purchased our tickets to our follow-up movie and it was a fun experience. Great seats, good food, a couple rounds of cocktails and most importantly, NO CRYING BABIES! 

Funny thing, we discovered the stow away food trays half way through the movie and we were so excited. 

They even have movies...IN 3D.

We'll go again.
I've been here a couple of times with the BF and I've had a great time every time. They have good food and I love how when the armrest is put up it feels like were watching a gigantic tv on our couch in the living room. I love that we get to cuddle up super comfortably and munch on some fries and candy. I learned my lesson about drinking too much before a movie, having no recollection of the movie Immortals, so I have since grown to love the whole movie and (1) drink concept. Love the fact there aren't children and you can reserve your seats. I haven't had any instances of dis-satisfactory service or technical difficulties so I can't give them any less of a rating. The ticket prices are reasonable for all that you get, I definitely think it's worth the extra couple of bucks. It's fairly close to where we live making it more convenient than going to Studio Movie Grill, but I have yet to try UltraStar. Love the french fries here! Will return many times over I'm sure.
This is my favorite sunday night movie place. My boyfriend and I only like going to the Cinema Suites theatre. Don't even bother with the Fork and Screen side (it just isn't as good). The flatbread pizza is yummy and the servers are pretty great. I wish the prices were a little better or had a better reward system. 

Plus I really wish they had $1 sodas like at Harkins... That is my one downfall. 

But Overall great experience I haven't even tried any of the other dine ins... no reason to
Best place to watch a movie!  I'm more of a rent a video at home gal than go out to the movies, but I'll make an exception for this place.  The reclining seats are fabulous.  Order the popcorn - it's seriously the biggest bowl of popcorn I've ever seen.  The only thing I didn't like was the water / soda comes in a ginormous cup with no lid.
AMC is now a China owned company and unfortunately I would prefer to support something USA owned or local.   I switched Harkins which is Arizona owned.  I will give up a recliner any day to support locally owned businesses. Peace out AMC.
This theater is the best! Great seating and good food. Great place to take a date or a good friend from out of town. Service is extremely friendly.
Cocktails and food with little distraction. It's the same price as you would pay regularly, and the food is yummy. It's our new favorite movie experience so far. 
Great date night!
An older theater that's keeping up with the new kids! Comfy, reserved seats with food service with a smile without the astronomical cost found at other luxury theaters. Food was pretty good, or with the great location, you could just go for the show and scope out one of the many nearby restaurants.
Won't waste my time coming back here. With nobody around on a Sunday night, the 9:30pm showing of a movie nearly empty, we were refused tickets because I didn't have my ID to prove I was over 21. Really? I'm frickin' old enough to be your mother, kid. Was told we could see another movie on the forks side. For $30? No, thanks. AMC MAJOR FAIL! I'll just spend my money elsewhere.
I am in love with the cinema suite! Being able to stretch out your legs on the LazyBoy recliner is the way to enjoy the movie. The chair is spacious and the room is not crowded with viewers.  The foods are at a reasonable price and the server is nice.
For movie that are 2+ hours long, watching movie on the recliner is the best experience. Also great place to go on a date :)
My husband, kids and I feel this is an absolute staple in our romantic date nights as well as our fun family nights.  Parking is never an issue as there is a three or four story garage, you receive a pass that gets validated for free inside since you are partaking in a movie. 

Once inside, or online beforehand, not only do you have a choice in movies and times, you also get to choose if you want to be a "Cinema Suites" patron or a "Fork and Spoon " patron.  In the Cinema Suites, thee are absolutely no children under 21, even if they are are there with you, it was last minute, no one can watch the , bah , blah , blah- no getting in!.  For singles, this is a glorious gift from the heavens, no chance of crazy little kids running around everywhere, making noises, etc.  For parents, this kind of sucks if there's a perfect showtime and it's a movie that everyone wants to see, especially when you have older children.  The nice thing is , it kind of forces parents to have a date night sans kids.  Another added bonus a

Now once you are in your seat, time to feast.  This food is phenomenal considering it is movie theater food. There's a good selection of appetizers:I recommend the parmesan fries, bread basket, veggie trio, and the hot wings.  There's a lot of sandwiches, I recommend: The Prime Rib Dipper(?), The Lime Chicken Griller (?), The Turkey Sandwich, Now onto the Pizzeta's! Yumm.  Try them all.  The only negative report i Have on the  Esplanade;s Menu are the "Million Dollar Milkshakes"  I've had mine remade only to have to have have same conclusion;it tastes like it was made with water, not milk. 

Overall, the customer service, the attentiveness of our server and
....holy cripes is this place expensive.  I have to say I dig the free parking, plush seating, and great screens/sounds, but at $15 per person for a 3d screening for of Wreck-It-Ralph I don't understand how this place is affordable for a family of four - even for myself that seemed outlandish.
Our Favorite Theater Experience
Love the reclining seats, waiters, are really friendly and helpful. You've must try this place. 
The only reason I don't give it a 5 star was the food. This was the second time we visited this theater and the second time the food wasn't the high-light. From now on when we go it's drinks and desert. Our thought is if we are going to spend $15 a meal not including drinks we really want to love the food.
Now this must be how movie heaven feels like. As a pauper =( having the opportunity to enjoy the experience a couple times a year does it for me. It's first class seats and service for a mere $15 for a movie ticket, then add on drinks and an appetizer, and you end up spending close to $40. Not bad, especially if it's a real big blockbuster movie, then it makes it more worth it. check it out, it's awesome.
My favorite theater I've been to since moving here. Super comfortable chairs, good food options, and reasonably priced all around. 

They validate parking, too!
Such a fun evening and a nice treat.  I love the comfy seats and attentive service.
AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new "Dinner and a Movie" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like "Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold.")

Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. 

This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.
Great way to see a movie.  
Pros:
Comfortable, assigned seating (buy online in advance) ensures you don't have to rush or wait in line.  
Lobby bar is a great place to meet for a drink or three before the movie.

Cons:
Cocktails seem a bit watered-down on multiple visits.
Count on spending at least $50/person if you're talking dinner/movie/drink.
Comfortable? Sure.  Drinks are way expensive.  I don't eat dinner at a theater regardless, so can't tell you how good that is.  If you want popcorn, it's "one size fits all" and it's huge!  Way too much for two people, might as well share with the whole row and just pass the bowl.  Service great, and friendly, but in some theaters they can get in the way while watching a movie.  I still prefer iPic.
Here's a concept--have a movie theater that serves you dinner at your seat.  Sounds great and I do plan to return here periodically.  However, there are a few dents in the plumbing to bang out.

There are two settings here:  Fork and Screen, and Cinema Suites.  Both are similar, but Fork and Screen is suitable for families, while Cinema Suites seats are adults only.  Know the two well, because Fandango for the iPhone may not tell you this if you are booking seats for your family.  I did so, and ended up with a nasty surprise when I arrived at the theater.  Thankfully, we were able to convert the tickets to Fork and Screen about 2 hours after our original booking time, but it was annoying.

Service in the theater for dinner?  Friendly.  SLOW.  If you want a drink refill or more food, you push a button near your seat to summon the server.  Then you wait 15 minutes or more for the server to come.  Plus, if you are seeing a movie that goes until after midnight, the kitchen shuts down halfway during the picture and you can't even get a drink refill.  It would have been nice to know that this was going to happen beforehand so we could have gotten a last drink.

I like the system and the food is very good, but they need to tighten up their procedures quite a bit.  The food is also, as you would expect from a theater, very expensive.  Snack food and drinks for three cost over $50.  Still fun--good for an occasional movie night.  It's worth having the experience, but know what you are getting yourself into.
Since my usual habit is to see movies after work, during the last moments of matinee pricing, the advent of theaters-that-serve-real-dinner is extremely welcome.

After years of paying $7 for a small popcorn, I expected real-food prices to be airport-exorbitant... but the dinner menu pricing is roughly comparable to what the same food would cost at a regular restaurant in the neighborhood, possibly even a bit less, since the BIltmore area is muy expensivo. 

Seating in the Cinema Suites puts your meal on a generous arm rest, rather than on a table in front of you (as at Studio Movie Grill). I like this set-up a little better for keeping things out of my way when I'm done eating; depending on your need to cut food, you may disagree. Seats are sharply terraced, so one's view is not blocked by servers working the rows in front.

The menu is less "basic pub food" and more "chi-chi Biltmore grill" than at Studio Movie Grill, though it still sensibly emphasizes food that can be eaten in the dark without undue complications. I've had some sort of panini that was apparently enjoyable but not memorable (with sweet-potato fries, as I think serving sweet-potato fries is required by law in that neighborhood) and then, on another occasion, a lobster pizza that was fabulous. If you can find something to order that strikes you as faintly silly and you wouldn't order it elsewhere, but the price is okay here, that's probably the way to go.

Make sure to validate your parking at the front desk, as the complicated and annoying parking garage otherwise charges rather a lot. Fortunately, I have not yet learned this the hard way.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great!
Pros:
- Comfortable seats, reasonably good pub-style food. 

Cons:
- Too much ambient light for 3-D films - glare on the glasses. 
- Teach the servers how to master the billing system - or get a better billing system - there's no reason in this day and age for multiple checks during a single sitting (film).

Work out the kinks and this is a very viable business. Farrelli's had better food, but AMC gets points for seating.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great! The food was good. I don't think that I can enjoy a normal theatre again.
The dine in theater is an intriguing idea. Unfortunately, here it is so poorly executed, with food below fast food par, but at upscale cost. Seating is hit or miss in terms of the better auditoriums showing the various films. Essentially, you eat in the dark, not seeing how the food is actually prepared & presented. Service is also hit or miss with a bias towards misses. It's a bit more than the cost of a regular movie, but for recent releases, which have the better auditoriums, it can be nice, so long as you steer away from anything but French fries, that are more like Jack In The Box. Though you can get some alcoholic drinks, is it really worth it with places like Merc Bar downstairs from the theater? Dont forget to allow for tipping if youre dining here. All this doesn't touch on the horrible parking situation at this location.GET YOUR PARKING TICKET VALIDATED!!!!

In summary, if you want to see a popular 1st run show upon its release, and can do without the food service experience, it can be nice. Otherwise, avoid it like the plague!

Enjoy :)
We had problems booking through fandango so I really do recommend just using the amc app if you use any app to buy tickets or try your luck at buying tickets when you get there but just a warning you pick your seats that you buy and they are assigned and go fast so don't show up 10 minutes before on the day a movie is released and expect to sit wherever because that won't happen. My husband and I LOVE the cinema suites because the seats are like sofas so we can cuddle up and be comfortable like we are at home. Cinema suites is 21 and up because you are able to order alcohol and fork and screen is 18 and up. We prefer esplanade over a regular amc because we don't have to worry about younger kids disrupting the movie. (don't get me wrong we love kids and have one but its nice to enjoy a movie without interruption) the food here is actually not bad and its nice to eat and watch the movie but with Biltmore so close by I'd recommend just having a nice dinner at a restaurant because here its overpriced for the quality. All in all we come here for the peace and extremely comfortable seats just make sure you get tickets early and DON'T get them in the back because when sitting in the seats the low wall blocks some of the screen, poor planning on their part. Also if you are 21+ just go to cinema suites not fork and screen because fork and screen seats honestly aren't much better than regular old theater seats and cinema suites are seriously like private couches. Anyway, with all the fancy additions it is more than a regular theater but its only $12 and regular theaters are $9, the seats and privacy are alone well worth the extra $3 not to mention they serve meals and alcohol if you choose to buy any. PLUS if you have the AMC stubs card you rack up points fast here
I am torn about this theater. Yes the seats are super huge and comfy but I am not sure if it helps the movie experience. If you are on a date its really hard to be cozy without acting like you are in bed.

The food is not very good.
I absolutely love the whole dining/movie watching concept. Also the seats are very large and very comfy :)
A very cool concept and if I could give a 4.5 star I would. The ONLY downfall is the ledge covers the very bottom of the screen the higher up you sit. The food prices are extremely reasonable for a movie theater.. Great job AMC!
My husband and I have been here numerous times. The location is decent - I like that the Biltmore/Union shopping center is right across the street. Plus, Fuego Tacos is down below and tasty. However, there isn't much else in this plaza. A few places to eat, but whenever we visit, everything seems dead. While the parking lot can get pretty full, there's never anyone walking around. It's like a ghost town!

My husband and I used to come here more frequently, but when they closed to upgrade to the dining experience, we realized the Desert Ridge location is much closer to us. (We found out they were renovating the hard way. We stopped by one afternoon to find the AMC closed and none of the restaurants were open yet. Again, total ghost town!) Needless to say, we haven't tried the new dining experience but it's on our list. Once we try the new dining experience, look for an updated review!
This is the first dine-in theater I've ever been to, and I love it. For one, the big, cushiony chairs are super comfortable. The first time I came to this theater, about a month and a half ago, I did not realize this is a dine-in theater and was a little surprised to find no concession station in the cinema lobby. At first, when I entered the actual theater for the movie and looked at the menu, I was skeptical. My previous experience with theater food, outside of popcorn, nachos, and soft pretzels, told me that the quality of the food would be low, but then I wasn't pleasantly surprised. The first time I ordered the fire-roasted veggie quesadillas and they were excellent, definitely restaurant-quality. A couple of times I ordered their mushroom Swiss burger and it was excellent. My only complaint is that sometimes when I would ask for a refill for my iced tea and was told that it was coming up, the refill would never appear. Other than this, I have enjoyed my film-viewing experiences here. True, it is slightly more expensive than regular theaters, including the price of admission, but it's a nice change from the regular theater experience. Because of the price, however, I don't go here all of the time when a movie I want to see comes out.
Living in Austin Texas, i am very familiar with the dining movie experience (Alamo Drafthouse).  
So while my wife were in Phoenix on vacation, we decided to see two movies (01/19/2013).  
the chair were very comfortable, and the call button is a good idea (just not well executed - more on that later).  I like the idea that you can reserve your seats, and the fold out "tables" worked very well.

I don't know how exactly this thing is ran, but my educated guess is that each server has a section in several different screens at the same theater all at the same time.  So it is sort of round robin when you will be helped, as the server has other screens they need to attend to.  I also don't know how the server is alerted when I hit the call button, but the response times were different in my two experiences.  In my early movie (11:30 am on a Saturday) our server was Jackson (at least that is what our receipt said, I thought his name was Nick, but he was a tall/slender black male - great server) and he generally arrived within 5 minutes.  (He was also very on top of it as a server).  Jackson delivered the bill with about an hour left in the movie.  To me, that is really early.  I would have almost rather given him my credit card up front, so that my service could have lasted longer (which by the way - means more sales of booze and food for AMC and Jackson).  Getting my bill an hour before the movie ended probably lost AMC ~$15 in extra sales.  When it came time to deliver the bill, Jackson had them all organized and just walked up the stairs and handed everyone their bill - he knew who's bill was who's before he walked up the stairs.

During the evening show that we attended (8:30 pm same day) we had the B-team server: Nick (at least that is what his nametag said - the bill said Graham - which is odd because I wasn't served by a Graham.  Either way, a tall white guy with a Justin Bieber looking haircut).  Nick struggled from the get go.  He was either having a rough day or isn't meant to be a server.  I ordered a beer and some food, and my wife started off with a water.  he asked if we wanted waters for both of us - I said sure.  The food came first (Weird!!!!) then the beer.  Waters never made it.  Nick was a no show, so we asked the runners, who somehow/someway got the message to Nick.  her water (not mine) showed up 30 minutes after we asked for them.  Later she ordered an entree, and it came fine.  After that I ordered another beer and a dessert.  the beer came - not the dessert. Oh yea, it took Nick ~25 minutes after I hit the call button to come answer it.  I almost turned it off... and wish that I did because 10 minutes after that my beer came.  So 35 minutes after I wanted a beer it was delivered to me - I'm sure AMC can do better. Nick came by to hand me the bill and I said that the dessert never came and I wanted to make sure it wasn't on the bill.  he hit himself on the front of his head a la Homer Simpson and said he screwed up and that it wasn't on our bill.  Also, Nick was not organized with his bills - he was in the aisle way sorting out the bills as he was walking up the stairs - disconcerting to the movie goers.  

I'm sure AMC has studied this at length, so they can shoot holes through my theory, but why don't they have 1 or 2 servers take care of just one screen at a time?  It seems like the response time would be much faster (thus you sell more food).  Maybe it isn't fair to the servers or something, but who cares - isn't your guests' experience priority #1?

In general we enjoyed our experience.  the food is good, if not slightly overpriced.  I thought that the beer prices were reasonable, and free refills on soda and popcorn is A-OK with me.  
if they could step up the service they would have a real winner.
I also enjoyed that we could reserve our seats ahead of time - very cool.
I give these guys a HUGE plus for the seating (be warned make sure and get the cinema suites not the fork and screen for a really comfy movie watching experience). I love having the option to lay out in a huge recliner and catch the newest Harry Potter,  but they really need to work on some of their food items. I have tried 5 different menu items and they all needed some TLC from the chef. However you can't go too hard on the food #1 your eating and getting waited at the movies so WOOHOO, and number #2 you can enjoy your favorite glass (or bottle) of wine maybe even a 23 ounce Blue Moon.
Prior to visiting this place I thought the dinner/alcohol/movie concept was a brilliant one....now? Not so much.

Pros: 
-Big Cozy Seats
-Alcohol 
-Food 

Cons:
-The big cozy seats have big huge consoles that make it impossible for one to get cozy w/their movie date (the whole yawn & stretch routine won't fly here fellas)
-Higher than normal ticket prices (up to $5 more)
-Parking is kind of inconvenient (be sure to bring in your ticket for validation)
-Tickets need to be purchased in advance (this cannot be done via gift card)
-Food/Alcohol is somewhat pricey/undesirable ($20 pre-tip for faux chicken fingers and soda) My friend even let an alcoholic beverage go to waste..it was that bad

All in all, I didn't love it. The theater was nice, our server was sweet, and the movie (Warm Bodies) was bomb diggety, but in the future I think I'll skip the extra cost/ inconvenience and resort back to watching films the good old fashioned (eat a delicious dinner elsewhere) way.
Great idea but save yourself $75 and invite yourself over to the house of the buddy who has the nice home theater.  You can bring Chili's takeout since that is about on par with what they serve here.  All told you still save about $30 and you can get by with taking off your shoes and getting really comfortable.
Oh I love this movie theater so much. I just wish it was closer to my house. Whenever I have guests come from out of town, I take them here. I do not tell them why we are driving 45 minutes, and look at their faces when we get to the theater. They are always awestruck!
I have always had wonderful experiences here. Its fabulous. You need to check out the 21+ suites at least once in your life. It will ruin regular movie theaters though! Once you have this luxury, you cannot go back easily. 
I love being able to have a drink beforehand. it can be pretty expensive but it is all about the experience. Having a few cocktails before and during the movie just make it more fun. 
I always order food. It is not the best food around, but again it is about the experience. I love reclining like a queen, and having them serve me food and drink with just a push of a button. I had the thai bang shrimp tacos, I dont recommend them, they were a little chewy. Their pizzettas are really good though. I also like the queso blanco dip, but it can be a little small if you are sharing. My dad said the prime rib sandwich was very tasty. 
Make sure you make a reservation in advance using fandango so you can pick out your seats. The cinema suites can get packed fast, especially if it is a big movie. 

This would have been 5 stars, but they took some of the perks away and it made me sad. If I never had the perks before, I would not have known, but I feel a little jipped every time I leave with out my hand towel, mint, and free sample popcorn. Please give me back my perks!
I'm from Portland and there are several great neighborhood theaters that have been doing this concept for years.  Normally really like the whole dinner and a movie with drinks and all.  Wasn't a huge fan of the experience here at AMC unfortunately.  Service in the theater for dinner was beyond slow.  You press a button for the server and then wait what seems like an eternity for them to finally come.  If you are dying of thirst, you'll be dead and buried before anyone comes to your rescue.  The food was decent though and overall I still like the concept, I just think this place needs to improve their system.
To start off the parking was difficult; make sure to keep your parking pass and get it stamped or you will be forced to stay unless you pay! DEFINITELY make sure to get tickets before coming or you will be stuck in a random seat, you DON'T pick your own seat. Your ticket will tell you where you're allowed to sit (mine being seat c5). The most confusing part  of this obnoxious experience was that there's no obvious signs of where that seat is, so in a dark theatre it gets difficult to navigate. For example the first seat we sat in was, WRONG! The waiter told us to move up two rows, and we did yet again WRONG! Finally we found our seats and they were so close I felt I could touch the screen (if you have epilepsy beware!) After finally sitting down the waiters became  rude due to their supposed inconvenience. We got fed up with the BS, and decided to not completely leave, but eat our food in the lobby instead of wasting the kitchens time. Our waiter was nice about bringing the food to the table; yet the manager got desperate to keep our money. It practically became an argument to see another movie just to not refund (we won). To add to her bitch pile instead of getting new water like restaurants usually she brought us back the water we accidently left. That I'm sure she at least spit in.   


This theatre is great if you don't mind people constantly moving, and the staff is more than happy to be great if you're willing to spend alot!

Overall I can't speak for ipic, but I did not like the treatment at all
I remember I went to this movie years ago when it was just a regular theater. Then I went back about a year ago and saw the changes, it was awesome! They took the iPic concept which I love! We watched The Vow and reclined and got over prices mediocre tasting food. But I still loved it! So I wanted to have my boyfriend experience it as well since he liked iPic.

We went and got tickets for Safe Haven (I'm a total chick, I know) and I didn't care how expensive the tickets were because I knew what to expect for that price...my expectations were shot to tell! We sat in a theater where the chairs didn't recline and were uncomfortable. And it pissed me off even more that they had waiters in there because that's the reason they were over priced. If I'm gonna be in a regular theater, then I have no problem with standing in line at the concession stand. Needless to say, it was disappointing. 

Do yourself a favor and go to iPic.
In credible seats....well worth the the ticket price.  The food is overpriced and some is much better than others.  Nice for going on a date night!
I will preface this review by saying that this is our absolute favorite theater and I cannot remember the last time we saw a movie at a different theater.  

This past Tuesday night, however, was a bust.  We arrived at the theater 20 minutes early so that we would be able to enjoy the preview and movies with minimal distractions.  We didn't see a server until well into the first preview.  

My friend wasn't feeling well and wanted to get a box for her food.  It took 3 requests from 2 different people just to get a box.  It took 2 requests to get a drink refill.  

We told the server in the beginning how we wanted the checks divided and that wasn't done as asked either.  

Like I said, this is our favorite theater and I hope this was just a bad night and not indicative of how things will be in the future.
The dine-in theater at AMC is the PERFECT place to take a date.  With dine-in experiences being 18+ there are no children running around.  The food is the same price as a Chili's and they bring it right to your seat while you enjoy the feature.  I'm definitely going back!
LOVE this theatre. Yes, it cost a little more, but the seats are ten times better (although the cinema suites recline and have a leg rest) and you can have lunch/dinner/wine while you enjoy your movie. The screens are huge so any seat you get is going to be good. I usually come to this theatre if I'm watching a movie alone and don't want to be bothered (seats are usually in pairs). I do take my daughter here to watch kid movies (you can only take them in Fork&Dine), but I love it because they have kid's meals and unlike a regular theatre you don't have little kids banging on your seat or screaming. Everyone is rather well behaved. For this, I definitely pay the extra $2 or $3 to watch a movie here.
OK, let me start by saying that my preferred Theater is Harkins... I am a very 'thrifty' person and rarely we go out without using a coupon or some kind of promotional prices.
I buy Harkins tickets in bulk and I can take a family of 4 to the movies with popcorn and drinks for $30-34.

That said, we occasionally go to AMC, and each and every time I cannot believe they can get away with those prices, particularly the concessions, not offering regular student discounts, etc...

However, I understand that you get what you pay for, and for some this is the place and environment they want regardless of the price.

Back to the actual review : )

* Hubby drinks industrial amounts of diet coke, so the small glass cup that we got when we got ther was the first... "what?" It looks and feels like a bar.. (is it a bar?) so it seems appropriate to tip your server, so for more than we were expecting to pay we got a glass full of ice that hubby finished in a couple of sips : P

* Once we were seated, it seems it took a long time for a server to come and take our order... perhaps like 30 minutes or so?

* I didn't think the menu options were that attractive, someone in a review compared the place to Chili's and I kind of agree with that... I am not a big fan of Chili's though...

* We decided to share a chicken/chipotle quesadilla... which was good and the portion was generous. If you ask me, the sauce was a little too sweet, but oh well... It was OK.

* It seems to me the dish comes with a side (chips were pictured), and while taking our order our server asked "Chips or fries?", at the end we had an extra charge for choosing fries. I understand if there is a charge, but I believe servers should make you aware at the time you place your order. Something like... "It comes with chips, would you like fries for an additional charge?"

Up until this, it would have been 3 stars, but...

*I didn't think the seats were that comfortable... they didn't seem to recline and the angle was kind of weird.

* Honestly, I thought the place was nasty. The small tables have some metal pieces and are not flat, obviously this makes them tricky to clean but that is not an excuse. They had marks of being poorly wiped, there were crumbs on my area, even garbage and a cherry stem in my cup holder... 

* Over 30 minutes - Over 30 minutes it took for my husband to get a refill for his drink...

* And, my pet peeve... pop corn bags were not full, they were about or more than an inch below the edge or the bag. Argggghhh...

* This must have been a very nice and impressive experience when everything was brand new... not now, not for us.

Disclaimer - I attended a free screening here, so I did not really get the 'full price paying customer' experience, however, I think that should not make a difference. OR even worse, I would be even more disappointed if I had to pay admission on top of what we spent.

On the bright side, this area is very nice to go for a walk after your movie, if you go on the evenings : )
I love the esplanade for many reasons. First of all, if you go to a movie before noon the tickets are 6 dollars. That is quite the deal for the amazing service and atmosphere they offer. The seats are as comfortable as they get and the regular priced tickets are still only 12 dollars. The food is not phenomenal but it is good if you are just looking for something to munch on during your movie. I would recommend this place to anyone. I don't think I can go back to a regular theater!
Out of all the dine-in theaters we have in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area  I do take preference to this one due to price and service. iPic is awesome but extremely overpriced, and the rest are a dud.  

I love having the cinema suites with 21+ only to avoid children and crying babies which is often the culprit of a ruined movie experience.    The drinks are a little expensive, but I wouldn't expect any less at a dine in theater. I've definitely paid more for a cocktail in Old Town,    The food is served in fair portions, but as stated in other reviews the menu is like a Chili's. Their Parmesan fries are ridiculously good!   Service is always fast and attentive, staff overall is great.  

We will be back for other movies!
My guy is crazy about these upscale theaters and I know why. Dinner and drinks during a movie is an excellent concept and I'm all for it.

We chose our seats online, no need to wait in line early to get those perfect seats - just order ahead. The theaters are less crowded and have leather recliner seats with tables. I was completely comfortable.

We ordered a seafood appetizer platter that included lobster. This is not your average fare, yet the prices were equal to a restaurant dinner out. I was throughly impressed with our waiter service.

I went for the Mango Margarita, while my guy stuck to beer. We decided to switch up our second round and ordered Rum Punch drinks. All in all, these were great drinks that I would have loved anywhere...but in a movie, awesome!

So now that I've been to these fancy Dinner Movie theaters, I am really hoping they will open one up close to home.
I don't get it.  Why are people so taken with the idea of dining while watching a movie.  I'm supposed to tip on top of the ridiculous prices??????  No way.. not going back ever.  Just to add insult to injury.. I was charged for items I didn't even come close to ordering.... so aggravating!!!  Of course I signed off on it being that I was sitting in a DARK THEATER and couldn't see properly -_-
esplanade 1
me 0
Okay... I reeeeeeally want like this idea. It would probably work if patrons exhibited any shred of common decency. However, seeing as how Mr. & Mrs. Douchebag can't figure out how to get to the theatre on time I guess I shouldn't expect them to whisper their order to the waitress while the movie is running. I also probably shouldn't expect them to not get drunk during the movie either. Since you get both full restaurant & bar treats served directly to your movie seat, rude people easily forget they aren't watching the movie in their home alone. I've gone twice & there was just too much noise for me to relax & enjoy the movie. That having been said, the staff has been really helpful & friendly & the seats are pretty awesome.
For all the nay-sayers of AMC, let me make a suggestion: get the Stubs card. It's like $8 for the year. Every time you spend $100, you get a $10 reward. So if you think the Esplanade is too expensive, you're basically getting a 10% discount.  Also: nothing will EVER be as good as what we expect. Suck it up. If you don't like the service, food, or drinks, ask for a manager.

I've had a couple of less than perfect experiences here, but when dealing with the general public, you've got to be prepared to cut them a little slack. It doesn't matter where you go.

The Strawberry margarita is awesome. Free refills on drinks (soda) AND popcorn. I get the breadstick sampler regularly (swapping alfredo sauce for marinara; tastes better with the pizzetta strips). Decent burger. Quesadillas rock.

If you have the choice, Cinema Suites with the full recliner seats are the best!
for frequent movie goers this theater might be a different experience. large seats, usually quieter than other AMC's
This is the only place I now watch movies. Its clean, good food, great drinks, good service and no screaming babies. It's pricey but I'm willing to pay it so I can enjoy watching the movie instead of wondering when the kid behind me will stop kicking my seat.
I loved it here the chairs are sooooooo cozy! They recline and all!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!! The food is pretty decent and the wait staff are like ninjas they just show up at the right time. 

If I had to have a downside it's that the table in the theatre is slightly awkward and I say that looking for something wrong. 

The decor is nice love the bar that greats you when you walk in. It is really a great place total bonus if your looking for a date but don't wanna invest the time for dinner and a movie (hey it's like that sometimes lol)!
Super busy today (Mother's Day...go figure). Took a while for my server to take my order.

Chose the breadstick sampler (2 soft breadsticks and 6 pizzetta strips with queso blanco and marinara which I switch for alfredo sauce).  Got 4 sticks and no pizzetta.  Turns out--no pizzetta.  Ended up just keeping the breadsticks because my movie had already started and I was hungry.

Ordered a frozen strawberry margarita (these are so good!), but got it on the rocks.  Sent back.  Took about 25 minutes to get the drink, which was ordered before the food.

Again, I get that it was busy for a Sunday night.  But a little heads-up from the kitchen to the wait-staff about the pizzetta would have been helpful.  It's also nice to get your drink BEFORE the food when you have to drive.

Still love it here, but I'll be extra-cautious about when I go.
$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12.  The theatre is nice, but you can get the same thing at Studio Grill (minus the over priced ticket and inconvenient parking).
Great way to see a movie,awesome recliners and great service  ,drinks and dinner should be more of these theaters around!!!!!!!
Love this venue. Its in a great location next to the best shopping venues in Scottsdale and the theater is never crowded! You get friendly servers and a descent menu selection. 

I went here for the first time with some of my girl friends to see Side Effects! Loved the movie very hot and sensual! Its an awesome spot for a date night too. I will definitely be back!
Maybe I was just there on an off night, but my experience here was not great. They have the potential to be a great place, but the staff just seemed overwhelmed (or maybe just over worked. 

We had a couple drinks at the bar, which was fine. Then we went to the theater to see out movie. Nice big comfy seats (so much potential). We put in an order for drinks and an appetizer. The service was slow, there were 2 servers, and I think they were serving multiple theaters. We got our drinks but our appetizer never came. Our appetizer was on the bill, which we had to track down the server to have it removed. At the end of the movie there were many people from our theater standing around waiting on issues to be dealt with (incorrect bills mostly). By the way the drinks and food were a bit overpriced for what you got. 

Another server also took my parking ticket to be validated, but never returned it ($16 to park with NO ticket). We tracked him down, and he couldn't find it, but he was nice enough to go down to the parking garage and use his employee pass to let us out (shout out to Joe!).

I would give the place a second chance, but I would not go out of my way to go there. I hope it was just an off night!
Ok so this is how we should watch movies ALL the time! Once you've experienced this theater going back to a regular AMC or Harkins Theater feels like such a downgrade. lol. 

I've only been here twice but I seriously love it! The fact that you get the whole Dinner AND a movie experience is amazing. You can't go wrong with comfortable reclined seats and your food and drinks being brought to you. I brought my boyfriend for the first time and at first he was pretty iffy about it and upset that I paid so much for our tickets. But once we got in and sat down he changed his mind about it immediately and loved it! lol. Plus I love saying I told you so. =P

The staff is always extremely friendly and quick at serving you. I think the food and drinks are a bit over priced but you really pay for the experience of the theater I think. I got the bacon cheeseburger which I thought was a bit dry and needed some type of sauce to it. I'd liked to try the drinks next time I come. 

Soo.. if you haven't been here? GO! You might feel differently about going back to Harkins after this experience. =)
The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!

The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.

The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! 

The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)

Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! 

It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
We like coming here for dinner and a movie and we sometimes bring family and/or friends. The seating is pre purchased and assigned, and very comfortable. The food is quite good. We share orders of Parmesan fries, and chicken tenders, and bottomless popcorn. The parking is validated, covered, and convenient. Sure you pay a little bit more than you would for fast food and a movie, but the seating, the food and the facility make for a fulfilling experience.
It's awesome to have a movie theater with NO KIDS. It's awesome to have a movie theater where the white trash behind you cannot kick your chair. 

Food: better than any other movie theater around. Chicken tenders are awesome, and when I ask for extra ranch dressing, oh boy do they comply.

This is my favorite theater and I cannot say anything better.
What a great place!  I've been going here for the past year about twice per week.  The facility is always clean and the staff is friendly.  The concept of this theater is nothing but fun. They have a bar located in the lobby with seating if you choose to have a drink while waiting for friends. You can take your drink with you in the movie if you do not finish it.  There are "2" theater types. Fork N Screen permits children where "Cinema Suites" only permits 21 and over. Both serve the same food & drink menu. The Fork N Screen has more seating but the seats do not recline where the Cinema Suites are far more private and the seats recline. I love the little red help buttons next to each seat if you need service, hit the button and voila... they show up! The food is average, the apps are pretty good, and the drinks are fun. There are really good restaurants located in the Esplande if you choose to have dinner elsewhere and then see a movie.  They also validate for parking for 4 hours!  Overall, this is a great spot for a night alone, date night, girls night, or a family afternoon. AMC also has a stubs program ($12.00 year) I use it to earn points and free dollars to use.
Food is insanely good. Would have never expected it at a movie theatre. Have been here a half dozen times, tried different things every time, all amazing. 

Fork and Screen is nice but the Cinema Suites are fantastic. So comfy and can recline. 

Service has always been great! Can go wrong with dinner and a movie all at the same time.

Oh.......and try the waffle dessert. It is to die for :) Bon Apetit
I so wanted to give this theater a higher review, but after three different visits, there are a few reasons I cannot.  First the pros:

1.  The staff are all very friendly, helpful, and attentive.  They have done a great job hiring the right people.

2.  The chairs are extremely comfortable and perfect for sitting for a few hours watching a movie.

3.  There are no little kids crying during the movie like at Christown just down the street.  (It's not their fault their parents bring them to movies that are not at all age-appropriate and they're bored to tears.  Parents need smacked upside the head.)

4.  I feel safe parking and walking to the theater from the parking garage if I want to go to the movies alone.

5.  Did I mention how awesome the staff is?  They really are *that* good.

Okay, now the cons.  This list is shorter.

1.  The popcorn here sucks.  I've tried it twice and it was horrible, cold, and I got a couple of bites that tasted like chemicals.  The popcorn should be spectacular at a high-end movie theater - especially when it costs $8.

2.  The food is mediocre.  I ordered chicken fingers and fries.  The fries were decent, but the chicken fingers were soggy like they'd been microwaved.  Disgusting.

3.  And, last but not least, I've tried a couple of times to drink their iced tea, but it's the worst iced tea I've ever had - and it's $5 for a very large glass of it.  Again, there are just some basic things that have to be great.  I'd think iced tea in the summer in Arizona should be good everywhere.  It's pretty bad when the QT gas station down the street has better iced tea - and for only $1.50.  :-/

If AMC can get the quality control sorted out with the food, then this would be an absolutely perfect venue.  It's clean, quaint, and I love the vibe of it very, very much.  I just wish the food and drinks were better quality.
Recently my uncle rented out a theatre at this location to celebrate my aunts 55th birthday! This would be this first time I've been to this theatre since they changed it into the dine-in movies. Lets just say I was very impressed! A few family members showed up early to set things up but when we arrived the staff was already on top of it! We requested to play a short video as soon as all the guests arrived and the staff had no problem accommodating that request. As the guests arrived the friendly staff walked around taking drink orders and quickly returned with the beverages and continued to take orders and help out with anything we requested. After a few minuets of greeting each other we sat down in our huge comfy recliners and started our private viewing of Iron man 3. During the beginning of the film the wait staff walked around taking food orders from the guests, we were given a fixed menu to choose our meals from. We had the option on a chicken quesadilla or loaded potato skins to choose from for an appetizer, and for the main course we could choose from four different burgers or a chicken Ceaser wrap (all options came with a choice or house made potato chips or french fries). I ordered the potato skins as my appetizer and the bacon cheese burger with french fries as my main meal. The potato skins were very good... not amazing but defiantly better that what I expected. Burger and fries were average. 

The bar is pretty expensive... 40+ $ for a bottle of wine? 10+$ for a glass? That's okay if I'm fine dinning but get real... The wine selection wasn't even that great. 

All in all the service was fantastic and the food was better than expected (but not wonderful)... Ill be back.
My hubby heard a few people talking about this movie theater for awhile so for his BDAY I took him there to see "Man of Steel" this past weekend.  The theater is cool but it was getting to and from there through the garage that made the experience a little frustrating.  Those signs are not helpful.  Well, at least, don't do what we did.  We took the elevator through the garage.  I hit the starred button for the first floor and the thing shot up to the sixth floor and just sat there.  After about a minute, we panicked.  We hit a bunch of buttons and still no movement.  Finally we had to call security.  This went on for a good 10 minutes.  Finally, I hit another button and it took us to the basement.  Not sure if security came or not cause when we got out, we ran for it.  Coming back we were able to see our car from where we parked on the Gila Monster level but getting to it was like going through a maze.  It felt like a Twilight Zone episode where the stairs never take you anywhere.  It was like an endless climb.  Like I said, the theater is way cool but the directions need to be more direct.
Make sure you double check your bill. Two people in our party had incorrect bills. Great concept but a redbox and a Papa Murphy's pizza is about $80 cheaper.
Must say this is the only way I'll be watching movies from now on. What a great experience. Seats are large and comfortable and well spaced. The Cinema Suites are the best, I just wish they had all the theaters like that.

Only downside is the food is average. Besides that, I would highly recommend.
Alright, I tried this theater one more time and am so glad I did.  It was a very different experience this time so I have to update my review.  I went with my boyfriend to see The Heat (which was awesome, too).

The popcorn was spectacular this time!!!  I was so excited and it tasted so good that I ordered a refill.  Woo hoo!!  I did not order the unsweetened tea (which wasn't good the two times I previously ordered it), but instead ordered the sweetened raspberry tea.  It was also very good.  And, just because we were uber hungry, we ordered some of their parmesan fries from the appetizer menu.  They were amazing.  I mean, they were really, really amazing!

Everything about this movie experience was wonderful and exactly what I've been wanting all along.  Thank you to AMC for correcting the former issues and making this the 5 Star experience I've been wanting.  I'll be back again and again.
Since experiencing dine-in theaters, watching movies isn't the same unless it's dine-in.  You don't have to necessarily order food - but what's so great is that you pretty much pay the same price you would pay at a regular movie theater, only difference is you don't have to rush and look for seats.. you already have a seat assigned to you.
I am a huge fan of this idea, it cost about the same as if you went to a movie and dinner at a place like chili's or TGIF.  The food is very good and the seats are so comfy you will never want to go to a regular theater again.
This theater is amazing. I love being able to go to the movies, be comfortable, have some drinks, and best of all have no screaming children ruining the movie. Love this place
I don't know if it is because it's a full moon, or a Monday night or what but tonight it was difficult for me to enjoy my movie because on our right, a couple guys brought their own carrots and on our left, a couple not only brought their own crunchy snacks but also bottled beer...yes bottles of beer! And to top it off, they were smoking off electric cigarettes that each time emitted a blue, LED light and an awful, sickly smoke. REALLY? AMC management really sucks at this location if they are so BLIND and other sensory impaired that they don't see this abuse. And here we are paying all this money not just for tickets but to buy their expensive mediocre food and wine only to be assaulted by this experience. EPIC FAIL AMC.
I love this place.the seating is awesome and it really feels like a night out when you can watch a good movie, be comfortable , have tons of leg room and get some amazing mac and cheese all in one place.It is a movie experience thst will make you wonder why all theaters arnt this way ...dine and watch!
Great movie house!!

I love my movies and nothing is better than being able to lay back in the CINEMA SUITES ordering dinner while you watch a good movie. The service was solid. All servers have always been really helpful and polite. 

The food options on the menu remind me of and Applebee's menu. Try the fire burger! Also the parm fries are solid! 

The only downside is when the bill comes. Usually they bring the bill towards the middle end of the movie which is kind of awkward because usually by that time something important is happening in the movie. Other than that its a great place to take a date!
I've gone a couple times and always enjoyed myself. They have two types of theaters, one for only over the age of 21 and the other is for over the age of 18 or with an adult's presence. I've only ever gone to the the one for adults only. The seats are very comfortable and the servers do a nice job bringing food and drinks, but still staying out of the way of the viewing audience.

The food is really good. I'm a huge fan of the macaroni and cheese. It's got grilled chicken and comes with a piece of pretzel bread that's doughy and perfect to dip in left over cheese sauce. My husband likes the jalepeno burger, jalepenos are diced into the meat and fried jalepenos are served on top of it. There is a bar in the front of the theater and the drinks are really good too.

Parking for the Esplanade is validated for up to 4 hours and is easy enough to get in and out of.
I am officially in love with AMC Esplanade!  I love the comfort of seeing a moving in a reclining chair.  I have been to this location several times and I have not been disappointed.  The staff are super friendly and are quick to help.  The last time I was in to see Wolverine, my chair would not recline.  A Manager came over and tried to resolve the problem.  Unfortunately the chair could not be fixed but I was given two movie passes for my next visit.  This didn't ruin my movie experience.  

AMC Esplanade has a great menu with lots of items to choose from.  They have the usually candy, popcorn and Coke.  But they also have a full menu that includes appetizers, sandwiches, pizzas, desserts and a full bar.  The Thai Bang Shrimp appetizer is a great bit for the movie.  This order has crisped golden shrimp with a zesty Thai bang sauce.  I don't know what this sauce is but it's delicious.  They offer the Thai Bang Shrimp Taco and they come with chips and salsa.  I recommend the Thai Coconut Chicken Tenders and add the Parmesan fries.  The tenders will come several sauces but the Thai coconut red chili glaze was my favorite.  

The prices are a little higher than a regular theater but you pay for what you get.  If you want to see a movie in comfort, I highly recommend AMC Esplanade.  The price is worth the comfort.
Worst food ever my burger was extremely dry there were kids kicking my seat while i was eating and watching a movie severs were pleasant not what i thought it would be ...
VIP Theater the only thing better is iPic

I got to go here on the 12th for the first time while visiting for business.  It was pretty nice. Reserve your seat to any movie in advance and the seats are really comfortable.  The rooms are much bigger than iPic so I like the stadium seating you get with a lazy boy leather seat. I was disappointed they didn't recline but I did like that you could call your waiter anytime where as iPic you have to wait till they come back. 

It's cheaper than iPic for sure.  Over all I had a good experience. It was easy and enjoyable. 

The best thing about any VIP theater is the ability to pick your seat and get your tickets in advance so even if it's a popular sold out movie,  you know your not only going and when but you also know where you are sitting instead of hoping it's not sold out and hoping you get a good seat. Can't beat that, then to top it off really comfy seats and a great experience. No more missing the movie to run to refill your drink or get more popcorn etc... 

If you haven't tried a VIP Movie Theater then you've got to experience it at least once!
This is the best movie theater ever. We usually go see movies in the cinema suites if available. Basically you get to watch from the comfort of a la-z boy that reclines. It's also great that there are servers who bring you food and booze. My only complaint would be that the food is not spectacular, but who cares. Just fill up on beer. I'm not sure I can ever go back to a regular theater.
I love this theatre because it is for adults only. This makes a simple date night into more of pleasant experience because their are NO babies, young kids, crying or screaming!  Man....and they sell angry orchard!  Gluten free alcohol sipping boy I was. 

I will say if you can avoid the spoon and fork theatre.  The better one is the other theatre because the chairs are bigger and they recline without touching the person behind or in front of you.  

Happy viewing!!!
Definitely not your average theater and it doesn't have to be expensive if you can figure out when the cheap shows are.  Too bad the website is confusing and it's hard to figure out. I ended up just hovering over the times and saw different prices ranging from $6.75 - $17. Guess it doesn't matter if you've got the cash flow but I'm a student and would save this place for a special night out.  Harkins student tix are always $7. Free 4 hour parking with validation.

The theater is very clean and there are large screens, even in the small auditoriums.  The seats are pretty comfortable but are arranged in sets of two. Every 3rd person will feel a bit away from your group because the extra armrest/service-tray thing.  It's a good concept to have food but I found the smell of others eating to be annoying when I wasn't hungry.  The light next to each seat bothered me a lot and I used a menu to cover it up.  Servers coming in and out of the room during the movie was also disruptive for me, especially when they made wrong deliveries and had to find out who ordered what. And there were definitely kids running around the lobby. Kids aren't not allowed; they just need to be with an adult.  

If you wan't dinner and a movie, go out somewhere where you can actually see your date and have a conversation. I'll probably be back for the cheapest shows because I like clean theaters... but I don't think it's worth paying extra for.
This AMC is not your typical movie theater. This is a dine in while watching movies cinema. It is nestled on the 2nd floor of the Esplande building off of 24th street and Camelback. Perfect location to do some shopping at the Biltmore Fashion park then walk on over to finish the day off with some food and a great flick. 

The moment you walk in you see a lounge area that is higher class then most movie theaters. There is a full service bar with barstools to eat and drink. There are lounge chairs to chat with friends before the show begins. Besides offering to purchase your tickets online there is a Kiosk are available to avoid the long lines to purchase your tickets if you don't feel like waiting. What is nice is you can choose your seating. They have wheel chair accessibility for those who may need it. The first impression when you come in is always the best but once you walk into your assigned theater room it all goes down from there. To be fair the rooms have comfortable seating. Plenty of room to sit comfortably and move through the theater but the room is not always clean. Every time I have gone to this theater either the floor is dirty or the menus are sticky. I am not always greeted by a waitress either. This restaurant is suppose to be known for serving their patrons this is why patrons pay more to be here but every time excluding once did I have to flag someone down. Last night was the first time I had a great server. I mentioned this to him because I wanted to let him know I was impressed with his service but the food runner who brought our food messed up the whole experience. The first thing was he did not bring out our full order which was two bags of popcorn with butter , one sweet tea and one water. He brought out one bag of popcorn with no butter which he spilled on my friend and the floor. My sweet tea was warm tea with ice in it. The sad thing was he told us he was going to clean it up and she sat the whole movie with popcorn under here feet. Yes, he did apologize for spilling but never came back to clean up. My suggestion for this theater is to work on the service experience. I have an awful experience with the dining portion every time. I believe they get this down the theater will have a better perception to patrons.
Comfy seats, good service, below average food. Don't forget to bring your parking pass to get it validated.
This was my first upscale, premiere dine-in movie theatre experience. It was fabulous, the seats are so comfortable and the servers serve (okay) food and alcohol! There is nothing better than this as long as you are drinking wine during a Jennifer Aniston movie! The theatre we sat in had la-z-boy recliners which you can fall asleep in at any moment. The previous theatre the last time I was here had regular seats, nothing special and paid extra for the ticket. It seems the type of seats vary per theatre so be aware if you buy tickets for a showing.

I don't think I will ever go back to your "typical movie theatre" if I have the option again!
Beer I ordered wasn't cold and the appetizer we ordered never arrived. Makes paying attention to the movie difficult when you're wondering what's up with the service and for the price you're paying this shouldn't happen.
Horrible! 8 dollars for popcorn. You kidding me?  Seating is terrible. The self serve machines in the lobby don't work. Very overpriced tickets. Piss poor food. Terrible candy options. Please read what I am writing and trust me...GO TO HARKINS!!!
Saw a movie here for the very first time last night. Decided to take my friend for her birthday since it looked spectacular from the website and we wanted to try something different. We usually go to Studio Movie Grill so I expected it to be similar...

There were definitely a lot of differences starting with the fact that they don't let you print your tickets from home. You have to pick them up at a kiosk when you arrive which was actually very quick and easy as long as you have the credit card you bought the tickets with on you. Also, they have a specific age rule so that kids under the age of 18 aren't allowed to go there unless they are accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 21. What a great rule! 

There was a pretty good sized bar in the front lobby but not a single person was sitting at it. The bar at SMG has always been packed out every time I've gone, so this should have been a red flag. 

About 15 minutes before the start of our movie, we headed into our designated theater. I was really excited until we walked in and there was a horrible stench. To be honest, it smelled like Chuck E Cheese. 

Our seats were great! Smack dab in the center of the room. They were also very comfortable and clean. The problem was it was so dark, we had to squint to read our menus. And this was before the movie! A waiter appeared literally 2 minutes later and asked us what we wanted which was unexpected since I hadn't even pressed the call button yet. We both thought the mac and cheese sounded really good but I ended up ordering a Pizzini which is supposedly one of their "signature items" and she got a bacon cheeseburger. If you get a Pizzini, they charge you 99 cents to upgrade to french fries or else you are stuck with crunchy, loud potato chips. No way was that appropriate for the movie! We also both ordered diet cokes since the alcoholic beverages were way too overpriced and I had already spent $12.75 each on the tickets. 

The food came out really quickly. Almost too quickly to the point where I started to question how fresh it was. The fries were way too salty and tasted like they were from McDonald's. The Pizzini was very dry and bland. Luckily it came with a special dip that was sort of spicy, but still decent. 

After eating half of the Pizzini and half of the fries I was extremely full. Decided to focus on the movie and save the rest of my food to take home for later. However, I was unable to do that because THEY DON'T GIVE OUT TO GO BOXES?!  About 20 minutes before the movie ended I pressed the call button to see if I could get one, but nobody ever showed up. At that point there was still one waitress roaming around collecting people's bills, but she didn't even acknowledge me. I can't believe they would have the nerve to charge $12 for an entree and then not even allow us to take any leftovers home. This was a huge disappointment, but mainly because I hate wasting food. On our way out I looked to see if anyone else had received a box, but they hadn't. 

One of the main reasons why I probably won't go back to this theater was that parking was a huge pain. It's one of those structures where you take a ticket and then when you leave you have to stick it in a machine and pay. At least I was able to get away with not paying since the movie theater validates tickets at the front when you walk in. Just be sure to keep your ticket with you, and not in your car. 

Overall, I was not impressed. Was expecting a first -class experience, but instead received one that was mediocre. I think I am going to stick with Studio Movie Grill since it is cheaper and the food is much better.
my wife and i really like the value proposition ooutIf dinner and a movie in one, and a comfy recliner to eat in.  its way cheaper than the Ipic, and the food is pretty good without being too much.  if the movie isn't any good, just have a few mojitos and you'll feel better about it.  my one gripe in case management is reading this:  they need to clean the menus more often.  They're sticky. 

 Try the Bistro Mac n Cheese.
I dig this place.  I have yet to eat here, but friends who have said its good.  I really like picking out my seats ahead of time and not fighting a crowd on busy weekends.  The popcorn is pricey @ $8.50 for a big bowl with a refill. Come on Explanade, it's popped corn and it costs you 50 cents. You've already got our premium paid for the seat, throw us a bone!
While the theater is nice and their Minute Maid Smoothies are amazing, their food is a disappointment. I ordered chicken strips and ended up getting something that tasted like it was microwaved from McDonalds. C'mon. At least hire some real chefs.
Best theater out there.  Dine-in, assigned seating, comfortable chairs, and no ghetto teenagers talking throughout the movie.  If you want ghetto, head over to Christown theater...
I've been coming to this theater for years and have been a few times since they remodeled and changed concept. Most recently was a few weekends ago to see Gravity... 

The seats are comfortable enough, and I don't really mind the concept of dine and watch a movie - but then again, maybe I do. I've been to a few other theaters with this format, and I guess I find it kind of distracting and annoying with waiters wandering around. I mean, it has its pluses and minuses. 

The food here is okay. In no way is it worth the price you pay, but it's also pretty absurd that regular cheap ass candy is just as expensive here as anywhere else (as others have pointed out), and when proposed next to their "fancy" desserts, the price of a box of Dots is ridiculous. 

So I get that people make mistakes and everyone has a bad day and all that, but while sitting and trying to watch the movie, the waiter carrying a bag of popcorn to someone behind me dumps the entire thing on my lap, and in my drink and all over my pizza. I don't mind so much... I'm just trying to watch Sandra Bullock float in space. However, he apologizes profusely and asks me what I was eating and drinking... I said "pizza and a coke zero." He takes my food and drink away and says he'll bring me replacements. He leaves me covered in popcorn shrapnel.

Half an hour later, I get a replacement pizza... still no drink. I ask him again for a Diet Coke or Zero... about 15 minutes later, someone else hands me a Coke. Nope. Then another guy comes by and sweeps around me. All of this is REALLY fucking distracting while trying to watch a film. I ask someone else for a Coke Zero or Diet Coke... eventually, I get it. 

Then later, the guy bugs me again to give me a bag of popcorn "on the house" - uhh... thanks, but if I wanted popcorn, I would've ordered some in the first place. I get it though - nice gesture. I didn't eat any of it.

Then the bill comes and the movie is over. The bill has 2 pizzas on it. I'm like, "WTF!?" I didn't even ask for a replacement pizza! We sit around waiting for someone to come by and nothing... I get up and go to find my waiter guy and he's disappeared. A girl who may have been a manager asks me what's up and I unload on her all of the anger and rage I had apparently stored up combined with all the tension and intensity created by the film I had just watched. 

She took my bill and said she would remove a pizza... then came back and said to just go ahead and leave without paying because their credit card machines were down. I gave her whatever cash I had on me and split... on the ride home, I decided that was dumb because she probably just pocketed it. Then I figured she probably earned it for listening to me say fuck a bunch of times loudly. Then I went back to wishing I had just left. 

They should've offered me my ticket(s) back and comped my drink and removed the extra pizza and apologized... or maybe offered passes to another show. They could've handled it way better than they did. I mean, spilling popcorn on me isn't even a big deal at all - they just kept making it worse and worse. As it stands, I probably won't be back.

And Gravity was fucking top! It was so amazing, though I probably need to see it again without a bunch of bullshit going on around me.
Seats & floor was dirty with popcorn & spilt soda, movie was 30 mins late in starting
Now that I have experienced the AMC Dine-in Theatre, movie going will never be the same!

I recently saw Gravity 3D in a Cinema Suite, and can say it will be hard to go back to a 'regular' theater:

 - Cinema Suites are 21 and over - no little kids talking, crying or kicking my seat!

 - Assigned seats - huge, comfortable reclining chairs even more cushy than my living room furniture.  

 - Full drink menu - gleefully drinking beer, I felt almost like we were breaking some sort of rule.  Perhaps it was flashbacks to sneaking drinks in to the movies long ago?  :)

 - Food choices - while not the most extensive or fancy menu, it was pretty cool to have Mac n Cheese at a movie.  And it was Good!  The Bistro Mac n Cheese was a generous portion of cheesy pasta with topped with nicely seasoned chicken breast.   So large I couldn't finish it (and I certainly tried!).

Yes, it costs more than a typical movie theater, but it is so very worth it!
Last weekend, I went here to see 12 Years A Slave. Figured I might as well be comfortable in a reclining chair while watching a movie that was going to make me feel quite the opposite.

PROS:
-This movie theater is really nice, which isn't surprising considering the area.
-Assigned seating. No having to get to a movie theater ultra early and risk breaking your neck in the front trying to see the screen. 
-Comfy chairs that recline. It's like being in your own living room!
-It's totally okay to drink here, there's a full bar!
-Because there's a full bar, it's 21 and over! No screaming children..unless you're just a screaming adult. In that case, stay at home and watch a movie. 

CONS:
-Because it is really nice, tickets are a little pricey.
-The upper levels, where I sat, have a railing that is too high. It renders the reclining chair pointless because I had to sit straight up and still struggled to see the entire screen. I mean.. I know I'm like 5'4" but c'mon! 
-Although there's a full bar, it's expensive and makes sneaking booze in more appealing here than a normal movie theater where you can't drink.
-A bowl of popcorn (yes..a bowl, not a bag) is about $8 and only comes in one size. 

Overall, it was an enjoyable experience despite the cons. It definitely would not be my go-to movie theater, only if it was a movie I was really excited to see. 

I can imagine this would be a great first date place, especially if you're the type of person who worries about having nothing to talk about during dinner. No talking required if you're eating dinner in a quiet movie theater! And talk about efficient-if the date's bad it'll be over by the closing credits.
I just love this theater! It's made going to the movies fun again!!

I highly recommend the cinema suites experience if you can swing it... Big reclining chairs coupled with a great theatre food & drink menu, make it the ultimate way to catch the latest flick! (also, the cinema suites are adults only!)

I also recommend buying your tickets in advance online.  If you go to see more than a couple of movies a year, I would also consider joining the AMC stubs program, which waves of the online ticket fee, and gives you money back for $$ spent on tickets and concession items.  It costs $12/year to be a member, but I've made way more than that back in the year I've had it!

Oh and if you've got a sweet tooth, I would suggest ordering the ice cream waffle sundae with bacon bits... Yum! 

TIP: Always remember to bring your parking stub from the garage downstairs up to the theater to be validated!
The waitress sneaks up on you and scares the crap out of you if you arent paying attention. They are ninjas here, or something. 

Besides being served food here, its a typical theatre. Nice big chairs which are comfortable to sit in an enjoy.

I wish the lights next to each seat would turn off because it gets annoying that they stay on during the movie. I like it more dark.

We only went because we had an AMC gift card and this is the closest to us. Otherwise if you dont plan on ordering over priced and visually un-appetizing food, go to another theatre
This place is so awesome that I literally can't stand to see movies at any other theater now.  I feel like I'm in international first class when I sit in the higher end "Cinema Suites."  I feel like I'm in my living room recliner with a server when I'm in the "Fork and Screen."  So basically, it's awesome.  Most comfortable theater in the Valley hands down.  The food and drinks are pretty good, and not insanely expensive either.  I can't stop going back.
This place was amazing.

I was in town for business trip and had a free afternoon. Decided to take the bus down to the AMC. My only complaint, ONLY. No sign to advertise this theater from the ground floor. Me, like an idiot walked around the entire building not knowing the theater was on the third floor of the building. For a non-local it was hard to find.

Once I got upstairs, I found they dont have box offices. Just kiosks to buy tickets. Very self explanatory. Easy. Once I purchased my ticket, an really nice guy directed me to my theater. Made chit chat about where I was from. Great service. In the lobby is a gigantic bar. Filled with booze and beer. I'm from Vegas, I like this bar! It felt like home :)

I asked the guy where I can get popcorn and a drink. He said you just go in the theater and a waiter will serve you drinks and popcorn. What! 'Thats $&^%^ Awesome!' He replied that it is very awesome.

The theater is huge. Very big. it was 4 in the afternoon so nobody was in the theater besides two other people. I ordered wings and a coke zero. Fast service, even got a free refill. Movie sound was great, huge screen. Little chilly in the theater, which is the way it should be :) I'll be back ! Suggesting it to all my traveling friends. Customer for Life !
Super large plush reclining chairs. The wall railing cut off like the bottom four inches of the screen unless i sat straight up. I also sat on the very back, so the wall may be taller back there?

Service was quick and friendly.

Parmesean fries were potent with the parmesean smell and pretty tasty.

This place is comparable to the studio movie grill.... But a bit more intimate.
I recommend this theater to all my friends. Check for seating in the Suites. Its worth it to sit in a recliner and be waited on. I am here twice a week. :0)
Went for a midnight showing... no waiting in line, comfortable seats, it was a great experience. Cinema suites is the way to go!
this made going to the movies fun again!
very comfortable chairs.. spacious.. decent food.
the servers were nice and courteous.  I really enjoyed going here.
will definately come again!
Why haven't I reviewed this place yet?

I've been to about a dozen different movies since Esplanade became a dine-in theater, and every experience has been great. On my most recent visit, the Hunger Games double feature, I was reminded why this place really is a gem: reserved seating. I'd purchased my ticket a month in advance because I'm just that much of a geek.

Typically, I only order water and popcorn unless someone else is paying then I'll order a cocktail and entree. The cost for food really isn't that much more than a nice dinner out, and being able to combine dinner and a movie certainly is swell.
I love this theater.  I love that you get to reserve your own seat in advance.  No more rushing to the theater hoping to find a good seat.  I also love that you have a choice of a 21 or above only theater or general theater.  I do have to say that even in the general theater I have yet to have seen a child or baby.  It's been adults only so far.  The food and service is good.  At one screening the film start was delayed by 15 minutes and without complaint from anyone the manager came and gave everyone in the theater a pass to come back just for waiting.  Very good customer service.
Good! Service might of been a bit slow, but a movie and drinks...sounds good to me!
What a wonderful idea to get food and drinks while I watch a movie. If you have not been here then you have to go at least once. I went and watched the hunger games catching fire. The waiter was excellent in getting me what I wanted and didn't bug me through the whole movie, just the boring parts. :) 

The chairs were comfortable and roomy. I got to choose where I sat. The place was very clean and inviting. Great place to take a date.
I have been here several times and with the exception of my last visit, it has been a great experience (hence 4 stars). The difference between the Fork and Dine and the Cinema Suites is like business class vs. first class. Both are great but ones a little more plush. Food is good, service is good, it's comfortable,fun and a nice way to have lunch or dinner, a cocktail and a movie. I will continue to enjoy going here.
I've been to IPIC, studio movie grill...the other dine-in locations and this place was good. The food was great and the seats comfortable. The staff was professional and parking was easy. They validate parking at the front.
I absolutely love coming here to watch movies. Being able to pick my seat ahead of time and have a cocktail while watching a movie is awesome! The icing on the cake is the 21 and up cinema suites.  The food isn't bad but I normally eat elsewhere before heading here. If you're drinking, go for beer or cocktails, the wine is typically warm and a little overpriced. The beer gets you the most bang for your buck especially if you get a pitcher.
I absolutely loved this theater.
Assigned very nice seat, full bar and restaurant..
They had special Christmas drink and my peppermint snowball was so yummy. It tasted like peppermint and chocolate :)..Food was great too. Enjoyed my dinner.

I would love to come back here for a date.
WOW!!! It's like every seat is first class! There is a server too that comes to check on you. It may bother some people during the movie, so caution on that. There was a food and drink menu and so I ordered the blue moon and was surprised it was served on draft in a cold glass! That's the stuff!!

What I absolutely hated was the parking. It was my first time there and didn't know where to park so I circled around 4-5 times until I parked in the garage. You can have your parking validated at the box office. Once in the garage, it is tough to find the theater entrance. There were no signs and I kept walking toward the amc reflections, but those were reflections! So it was totally the wrong way. I had to ask some strangers where the theater was. 

But now I know where to go, it'll be a lot more enjoyable experience.
Reserving specific seats is nice and the kids serving were polite, but  the rest of the concept and execution doesnt work for me. It's too dark to see menus, trailers are too loud to easily communicate with wait staff (let alone your companion), and  settling tabs during films is inevitably distracting.  

I'm told their Cinema Suites format is more spacious than our "Fork & Screen" option,  but when the 400 pound patron in front of me descended into his Playskool-strength theatre seat - and into my knees with the force of a medium speed car accident, that less than luxurious 'impression' evoked something more akin to "Fuck & Scream" -  I literally blurted "Fuck" and screamed at  the bone cracking pain  radiating from both patellas. 

When I slid over behind fatso's 100+ pound wife, she's banging into me too, so it's not their fault. The seats are just cheap, with lousy springs and they're hard to settle into comfortably.  I was kicked from behind periodically.  All by adults btw.  It's interesting how many yelpers rip kids and seem to feel 'adults only' or food/bev service somehow conveys a first class experience.  To me it felt more like a bad coach flight; cabin lighting's busted and some douchebag's  reclining into your space.
A few things I heart about this theater is:

1) Ability to purchase tickets online, which allows you to reserve seats & avoid lines so you can show up last minute.
2) Comfy seats and some recline...yummy! 
3) Having a server

Areas needing improvement:

1) The food! Oh gosh, if you're going to sell this place as a dine in theater amp it up AMC! In this case simple is better. Go with the classic movie foods: hotdogs, pretzels, roasted almond. Just amp up the quality to differentiate yourselves from the other movie theaters. Make them gourmet classics. Even Ipic got that right! 

All in all it's a fun way to watch a movie, convenient & comfortable but the food makes me miss the classic movie theaters.
It would be cool if the waiters menu tablets signalized with the call buttons, creates a bit of lag waiting for them if they're not around or see your light right away. Otherwise convenient, comfortable and decent menu. Mac and cheese, chicken tenders, etc., and bottomless popcorn!
I don't really see the appeal of this theatre. Yes, you can order food while watching a movie...but the food isn't good, it's over priced, and you have to deal with waiters walking around throughout your movie talking to people and taking orders. Not to mention you have to pay your bill during the last few minutes of the movie...very distracting.  We shared the app trio with fries, jalapeno poppers, and a BLT flatbread....the food all tasted like it could have just as well come out of the freezer, overly salty...nothing special. Additionally, it was awkward to share as I had to reach across the seat to get anything (there's no table between the pair of seats).The seats themselves were fine, but nothing special. My biggest complaint is that the movie ticket price itself is more expensive than other AMC locations....why? To have the ability to order food in the theatre that you also have to pay for? It just seems silly to me. Maybe I'm crazy...but I think it's nice to go to dinner and actually talk to the people you are with before going to the movies and don't think you should have to pay extra to have the option of ordering food.....Anyway, sorry for the rant, if this is something you are interested in doing, I suppose this location is as good as any other, but I wouldn't go again.
Cinema suites! Recliners are the best!  We've gone to a total of 4 movies in the Cinema Suites over 2 visits.  We rarely go to movies when we're home.  

The menu is solid.  Every item we ordered (dessert, drinks, entrees) were good.  

The tickets for the Cinema Suites are a few dollars more, but the experience is worth the extra money.  You get to choose your seats when you purchase your tickets.  Therefore, you don't have to worry about getting to the theater early to get a good seat.  

The commercials and trailers are a bit too long (or maybe I just don't go to enough movies in the theaters).  I'm in the reclined position with a drink in my hand, so I don't mind the extra 15 minutes of trailers.
This is absolutely my favorite place to watch a movie.  The comfy Lazy Boy like recliners are awesome!  The menu selection and food is great.  I love the service as well.  If you have never been, you will absolutely love it and return again and again.
The only way to watch a movie, this is the best movie theater in Phoenix, little costly but worth it for watching a movie while seating in a reclining lazy-boy and a full bar and the food is pretty good..
The place is nice, a little messy, but it is a lot nicer than most dine in movie theaters. The food is overpriced and nothing like what is shown on the menu. Expect fast food quality food for twice the cost.
Came for a 2nd time! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE! Ordered 3 drinks durning the previews, received them 45 minutes later. The comped the overpriced stale popcorn, so that was....a try. iPic is still the place, but this place gets 1 more shot from me. Sink or swim, its up to them......
Very fun experience -- we ordered the white cheese nachos, and they were pretty yummy. I thought the ticket prices were very fair. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because I thought the wine was pretty overpriced. Come on, people, more than fifteen bucks for a glass of Cupcake malbec??

Even so, we had a good time. We'll definitely come back if we're in the Phoenix area and want an out-of-the-ordinary movie-watching experience.
Love the chairs and the screen experience.

Parts I don't like: While at the bar I noticed the bar back drop some clean cups and water pitchers on the floor as he opened a cabinet. I watched to see if they would clean them after, but they didn't. They took them and filled them with water to be used in the movies. This kind of grossed me out. For god sake if it touches the floor it shouldn't touch your mouth! If I were the manager I would have made those kids use a cup I had just put on the dirty floor.

Alcoholic drinks are really expensive considering how much ice they put in the cups, food and soda is only slightly expensive considering you are in a movie and soda refills are free. My girlfriends mojito didn't taste good at the bar, but the bar tender agreed to add more syrup to correct the flavor.

I would go back, but hope they increase their sanitary standards and lower cocktail prices.
Was so glad when I found out about this place because I love the Cinema Suites! It is similar to iPic but way less as expensive and just as good, in it's own way. Love how you press the button for service if you want to order and the great seats that recline. The only downside was that the wall in front of us kind of blocked the screen when you reclined the chair. Other then that, love it! I can't go to a regular theater anymore!
It's a nice theatre, with comfortable reclining seats. There is unfortunately one major
design flaw. When you recline even slightly, the panel in front of you blocks the bottom 1/4th of the screen. So I didn't recline the whole movie which defeats the purpose. Still better than a regular theatre, but not as nice as the ipic due to the design flaw.
I only go to this theatre for Cinema Suites--Fork and Screen is sort of a lackluster (but still expensive) time. 

That said, I love the recliners and the wine has always been good.  
The food, however, is TERRIBLE.  Just tonight, I ordered truffle fries... and they were barely lukewarm.  Also, I was one of about 6 people in the theatre so crowd/wait time could not have been a factor.  Sigh.
Ok so if you sit in the top row you cannot see the whole screen. The wall blocks the bottom 1/3 of the screen and they know it. Poor waiter knows about the problem and did all he could but in the end it's still bs. Premium cost for sub par seats. Be warned this place sucks for watching a movie. Go to arrowhead instead it works.
I'm still exploring my new neighborhood and thought I'd check out my local theater. I looked up movie times online beforehand, but had no idea what I was getting in to.

When I bought my Saturday afternoon ticket, I was a bit thrown back by the $16.50 ticket price. Unless that comes with a full body massage during the movie, seems a bit steep. The young man at the counter explained how everything worked and asked me to pick out my seat from his screen. He printed out my ticket and I was on my way.

I had no idea what to expect from this point.

As soon as you get your ticket, you can head right over to the bar in the lobby and get yourself a nice frosty adult beverage. I was already short on time so I didn't get a chance to visit the bartenders.

I walked to the theater, turned the corner and was stunned by the rows and rows of huge recliners! I had no idea! I found my seat amongst a spicy group of older single gals and told them it was my first time here and I didn't know what to do. They pointed to the cocktail menu.

That's right my friends. You can order booze. From your recliner. At the movies. AND someone brings it to you. 

Nestled under my drink menu -- full bar by the way -- was the food menu. Wait, so now you're telling me I can have someone bring me beer while watching a movie AND I can have a cheeseburger? Wow! I ordered my burger and onion rings, which were spectacular, and told the waitress she'd have to pry me out of that seat to get me out of there afterwards.

It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it. Makes a perfect date night too. Plenty of bars right out on the esplanade to grab a cocktail.

I cannot wait to go back!  **hint hint gentlemen!
This is the only way to see a movie in my opinion.  I've been there twice, and love it.
it's not as expensive as I had expected.  Great for date nights, or company outings.
I will inevitably return to this place since it is the closest theater to me, but now I know what to expect for next time. I got an aisle seat and ordered some grub. I picked some coconut tenders, thinking they would be an easy finger food during the movie. At $13 (and another extra $1 for my truffle fries), I was very surprised that the tenders were just like longer versions of chicken mcnuggets and I didn't bother eating them. The truffle fries were pretty good though my waiter didn't seem to care that what I thought of the tenders either. Also, they charge you the regular movie theater price for coke - around $5. I figured at $5, it would come in a big cup like regular movie theaters or whatever. Oh, no, it comes in a restaurant sized coke glass filled to the top with ice and very little soda. They sometimes give you refills. I say sometimes because around 40-50 minutes before the movie ended, my waiter asked me if I wanted a refill. I said sure. 20 minutes later when he brought the check, he said it was "coming soon", but I never got it. I don't mind returning to watch movies, but dinner is another story.
had watch Ride Along with my date. Its upscale I get it but even for Upscale its ridiculously high priced. Popcorn is 8? Seriously? Skip it and order food. My shrimps were cooked to perfection. Drinks on the other hand were over priced. Next time ill try the recliners and see what the fuss is about. I really use to like Studio Movie grill until they decided to change their menu and got rid of all the good items. Never going there for sure.
We live in Glendale, so this theater isn't exactly our local neighborhood theater. When we go here, it's planned out in advance and not very often. We've been here twice. The first time we used cinema suites and the second time "fork and screen." The first time was amazing, but then again if you're in a recliner drinking wine watching a movie can you find anything bad with it? 

We went back a second time a few weeks ago, this time we ended up in the fork and screen theater. I was disappointed this theater didn't have recliners, but that was my fault for not checking. In my opinion, I would exclusively use this theater for the cinema suites option. Never doing fork and screen again. We had a family sitting by us with a toddler that seemed to not realize they weren't in their own living room, and allowed the child to make all kinds of noise and ruckus throughout the movie. I'm not sure how the staff didn't hear this, because I sure did, but who knows, maybe they did and they just didn't want to say anything. I know I sure wouldn't in this whole "kiss the customer's ass" world we live in. 

I emailed the manager after we got home and told him about our experience and he apologized and said he'd talk with the staff about how to handle incidents like that. 

Either way, if you go to this theater - cinema suites, all the way. They're 21+,  no exceptions which is great if you're like me and it bugs you when people bring kids into not kid appropriate movies.
Oh my God, the service is horrible. As I write this, I have been here 20 minutes in a half-filled theatre, and no waiter. I was refused service at the bar, not because I was underaged, but because I was buying a drink for my wife and me, I was supposed to bring her ID along.

Do yourself a favor: drive the extra miles to iPic Theaters. Better facilities, better service.
Very nice movie theatre. I didn't order any food, but I did order an Angry Orchard Cider on tap which was perfect! Our server was Jason and he was one of the nicest people I've encountered at a movie theatre. He was very prompt and somehow said everything with a smile. 
The reason I didn't give another star is because the seats were a little uncomfortable. I'm fairly tall with long legs and any time I repositioned myself I would accidentally kick the seat in front of me. I'll pay more attention to where the seats are located to check for more leg room next time.
There was no server available at all this is happened three times we were only two people in the whole theater do yourself a favor and go to Harkins instead
Love this place - Definitely prefer the Cinema Suites to the Fork and Screen.  At Cinema Suites you get a full on horizontal recliner!  It is an amazing way to watch at movie.  I would definitely recommend buying tickets in advance, sometimes it sells out or you will have trouble getting two together.  The food is pretty good - mostly just regular ole stuff like chicken fingers, salads, burgers, etc.  There is also an alcohol menu.  As I expected, the food and drinks are pretty pricey, but it's worth the splurge when you are going for a big night out to the movies.  Definitely unique and super comfortable way to watch a movie!
I love this theatre. The first time my husband took me there as a surprise I was so impressed! The Cinema Suite are amazing. Each person has there own extremely comfortable recliner. I have had many meals here and the food is pretty good. The big bonus about this theatre is that they have alcohol! It is so fun to enjoy a beer or cocktail as you recline and watch a movie :) It is a bit more expensive than other theatres, but so very worth it! Especially for a treat.
If I could give separate ratings for the movie theater experience and the restaurant/bar experience, I would give the theater a 4 star rating and the bar/restaurant a 2 or 3 star rating. Here's why:

The movie theater is probably my preferred choice in the Phoenix metro area. Christown? No freakin' way. I don't want to get shot on the way to my car. Tempe marketplace? Not unless you want to watch 17-year olds make out in every row. Arizona Center, nope. Not there, either.  

The theater is pretty clean, and paying the extra two bucks to sit in giant, reclining chairs, have an assigned seat, not deal with kids talking, etc. is totally worth it, IMO. I can just purchase my tickets online and avoid having to wait in line or the possibility that the showing will be sold out. Genius.

Parking is in an attached garage and is free when you remember to validate.

Honestly, the only negative thing I really have to say about the theatre itself is that every time I go into a restroom there, the first stall is always out of tp. Always. Sometimes the second, too. The bathrooms seem to be cleaned and maintained regularly, except for this detail, which kind of turns into a big detail when there are twenty women waiting in line for the bathroom when the movie gets out. It must be the Murphy's Law of movie theatre bathrooms. Ugh. 

The bar/restaurant is mehhh. If it were just a stand alone restaurant, it wouldn't be anywhere I'd frequent for the food itself. Think an above-average Applebee's. But having the option to actually order real food (and DRINKS!) in the theatre is pretty neat. The waitstaff always does a good job of not being disruptive during the movie, and are usually very friendly. Candy/soda/popcorn can also be ordered, at pretty typical movie theatre prices. But again, not having to stand in line with 50 other people for a package of red vines and a sprite makes it SO worth it.

Lastly, there are two theatre types. Cinema Suites and Fork & Screen. When you go online to check showtimes/purchase tickets, it shows you what type of theatre every particular showing is in. There's usually some in each type of theatre for each movie. This is where it gets kinda weird-fork and screen is fine, I would still come here if that was the only type of theatre. Still a comfy chair in a way better theatre. But after sitting in the cinema suites, you won't want to go back. Huge seats (that recline! woot!) and way more space in between the groups of seats. Because the last thing you want is to be sitting THIS CLOSE to a stranger who's apparently never eaten a taco before and loves to elbow bump all movie long.
You can't really beat this theater for a great movie experience.  Here's what you need to know:

1.  You park in the back (I believe its off of 24th st).  Get a ticket from the parking garage and then have it validated before you leave.  The parking is free!
2.  If you exit the parking garage on the 1st floor, you need to take the escalator up to the second level.  This threw me off the first time.
3.  You can purchase your ticket and reserve your seat head of time!  This is great for opening weekends.
4.  There is a full menu and drink list.  I'm still a sucker for the popcorn though!
5.  Saturday afternoons are more inexpensive than evening shows - something to keep in mind if you are on a budget!
6.  The seats are big & comfy and have a little side table for your food drinks!
First of all, the parking is difficult. I've only been to the Esplanade a couple of times before, but there is so much "reserved" parking, that it's difficult to find a visitor space, much less park anywhere near the theater. I do however appreciate that AMC validates for a 4 hour time frame, so that easily covers the movie/dinner experience.

We stopped by on Monday, for an 11:15 am showing. Got in pretty fast, got seated, had our meals picked out by 11, pushed the buttons and by 11:10, still no waiter. My husband went out looking for someone, there was no one in sight. Finally, just a minute before the movie was to start, the waitress hurried in and said there were 4 movies starting at the same time and only 2 people in the waitstaff. From there, things didn't get a lot better: they mixed up our drinks (easily solved, we switched). They mixed up our food (in the dark, we never did figure out whose was whose, since we both picked a different quesadilla) but it tasted ok. I tried to get a refill on my iced tea, but that took another 15 minutes. Ultimately the only thing that moved quickly was the bill.

My experience with dine-in theaters is limited to Scottsdale's Studio Movie Grill. Their food isn't that great, I would say AMC Esplanade is much better in that regard. Esplanade is also cleaner, but hands down SMG has better service. I might try Esplanade again to see if this is a weekday thing, but I feel that a business should be consistent.
I love this place! The customer was amazing for a first time impression for my family & the food was very delicious. I'll be back for my next's movie. Great job!
Amazing place. We are from Washington so this was our first AMC experience and it was excellent. Love how you just push a button on your seat and the server brings you everything. The wait on the popcorn was a little long comparative to getting our other food and drinks. They even validated 4hrs of parking from the garage.
Absolutely one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a movie theater. My boyfriend and I decided to see a 10PM movie on a Thursday evening. Theater was full and they had one server taking care of all the guests. We are both in the service industry, there for we don't mind having to wait for an order to be taken when we know someone is busy, or when a mistake is made on a bill. However, all we ordered was ONE cherry coke and a water. Hmmm, about $4, that's fine! Get our bill, and we are charged for 3 drinks and a $9 popcorn. Not us, so I asked the waitress to please change it. She comes back and now the cherry coke is taken off, we are still charged with two drinks that we did not order, and the stupid popcorn. A wreck to say the least when everyone is trying to sign their bills and give them to the server who is nowhere to be found. We finally let her know, and she grabs a manager, awesome! Then the 12-year old looking young "manager" comes over to us, "oh ok I'll take those off and your coke will be $4.75" WHY would we pay for a coke when you did not even ask us what was wrong? Very unprofessionally handled by her, although the server did the right thing to grab a manager. We were not happy that we weren't even given the time of day to explain what happened, and still had to pay for a drink that costs the theater probably 10 cents to provide. It is noisy, you hear everyone clinking their plates and forks around, the servers are always in your face with an iPod looking ordering system that has a brightness level of 1000% and obviously the managers could give less than a s*** about any problem you have. Needless to say we will NOT be back.
I really enjoy coming to this theater for a little "treat yo' self" as a fun alternative to a regular theater. We like to grab seats in the cinema suites if we can - there's nothing better than feeling like an extra in wall-e as you recline in giant red leather chairs pushing a button for someone to come wait on you as you enjoy fine theatrical entertainment. It is straight up American relaxation. 

The drinks are pretty delicious - I would suggest the electric lemonade or the southern slammer. I think my only complaint is the food. For $12 chicken fingers, I would expect more than pre-formed frozen chicken strips that I could get in a high school cafeteria. But I will forgive the chicken strips. Because lounging in those comfy chairs instead of praying someone doesn't sit in front of me in a regular theater with a drink in my hand is totally worth the extra $5 in my world.
I really like this place, I haven't tried out iPic yet so can't compare.  The food is pretty much higher end bar-style food, which is good.  I've been about a dozen times and only had one experience where the food was pretty mediocre.  Likewise only one experience where the service was sub-par.

I would suggest going to the Cinema Suites showings, the seating in the Fork and Screen isn't any better than regular theaters, and you'd be better off having dinner outside the movie if you aren't in the Cinema Suites.  The second comment is they don't tend to show enough variety of films on the Cinema Suites screens.  It has been getting better though.

If I had two wishes it would be that they convert more of the theaters into Cinema Suites and drop the Fork and Screens altogether.  Second would be a bit of a bump in the food, as it stands, it's just below Applebee's or Chilli's, which isn't bad,  I just wish the food was good enough to want to go there for the food.

Advice:
1. Park in the rear, and remember to validate your ticket, do it when you get in the door... it seems like the escalators are down a lot, I'd suggest parking on the 2nd or 3rd floor so you can use the elevator.
2. If you are planning on going to a recent movie on Friday or Saturday, get your ticket online ahead of time.
3. The price for alcohol drinks is relatively higher than restaurant bars, so be prepared for that. Though it isn't quite twice as much or more like soft drinks.
4. I find that the second, and third rows are a bit better for seating... there's a small wall in front of the higher rows that in my opinion isn't as nice, and when reclining I don't like watching through my feet.

All in all, I keep coming back, I go to the movies 3-4 times a month, and for the past six months at least half of those have been at this theater.
Summary: I am consistently underwhelmed here. For the price, it should be so much better.  The concept is wonderful! And I always have a good time when I go, but the food is only so-so, often cold by the time it gets to my seat, the service is hit or miss, depending on what time and day it is, and it is impossible to get someone on the phone when calling in. Make sure to get reservations a week or so in advance for weekend shows.

Food: I have gotten the tenderloin tips a few times, and sometimes they are good, and sometimes they are too salty and the meat is poor quality. The broccoli is delicious though! When I got the fettuccine alfredo with chicken, noodles were clumped together and the sauce was lacking something.  Very bland.  Anything fried comes out cold, including fish or fries.  Salads are okay, heavy on the sauce though.  Popcorn is unlimited, but when they are busy it takes a long time to get refills.  Same with soda.

On a particular day, I had bought tickets ahead of time, and needed to change them. I got stuck in this awful loop of automated voices kicking me back and forth from their store to the 800 number over, and over, and over again. It was awful.  I spent 20 mins trying to find some sort of corporate number or something and eventually gave up.  Eventually i found a number for corporate, and they informed me that they don't really have the man power to have someone assigned to the phones at the stores. When I am paying $50 for a movie and dinner for one person, they should have the funds for this.

On a particular night where my food didn't come, then it was wrong, and the staff was unsympathetic to my plight, I decided I was done with the theatre.  Then they sent me a survey asking how they did. I filled it out honestly. I received an email with a phone number to the store's manager, so I called.  Guess who answered? That same automated bs loop! I was pissed.  So I wrote Mr. Garcia (the manager handling this) and told him exactly what I thought and that I couldn't call to give him the feedback he wanted.  When he called me back a week later, he seemed stoned or lazy or something. He was passive and unprofessional.  He said he sent me passes for a free show and I never received them.  That was 2 months ago.

So, in conclusion, I do not go here any more.
Been here 4 times and the food is just great.  Today I had the pizza and it was the best I've ever had. Have not had an avg or bad meal here.  Far better food then most restaurants in town.
PROS: Easy parking, love picking my seats online, comfortable seating (I always do the Cinema Suites), don't have to worry about noisy teenagers/kids, drinks & snacks brought to our seats.

CONS: Unless you're a group of guys who are all 6ft or taller, don't choose seats in the back row or the bottom 1/4th-1/3rd of the screen will be cut off.  The food isn't bad, but it isn't great either.

It's still our #1 date theatre    =o)
**Update:

Went again, and tried the Fork & Screen. The seats are SO comfortable, and worth the extra money! 

The people were very friendly, and helpful. Definitely made up for the discrepancies on the past! Added a star! :)


The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!

The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.

The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! 

The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)

Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! 

It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
This is def 1 of my Absolute Favor8 places 2 go every opportunity I can & I'd luv 2 give them a Perfect score but unfortun8ly out of the countless Xs I've been there, my 1st experience there doesn't allow 4 that 2 b the case. Guess it's pretty impressive that out of all those Xs since, it's been nothing but an EXCEPTIONAL experience Every single time in service & food (other than WAY 2 much salt on popcorn once), but it still can't take away what wasn't handled as it should have been 4 the 1st impression. Have dined in both the fork & screen & the Cinema Suites (both r Gr8 but our preference is the Suites: b~n roomier & more luxurious)!

   My 1st visit was 4 a special occasion 2 celebr8 the birthday of my very special guest.  Unfortun8ly it never fails, there was a crazy lady seated 2 our left in the row behind us.  I'd like 2 think she had tourette's syndrome but found out rather quickly she was a deliber8 instig8or &/or a bitter attention wh*re hag who was trying 2 ruin every1 else's time, not just immedi8ly around her but in the entire theater. 4 whatever reason (in her head) she put most of her focus upon us.  

   It was well b4 the previews & the server was explaining everything 2 us while taking our initial order of appetizers & drinks.  She kept clearing her throat way 2 loud whenever any1 was ordering anything but when our server came back w/ our drinks, she loudly said "Gonna order anymore b*tch?" right as the noise of the present preview ended.  Every1 including our server looked @ her as she tried 2 play off not saying it while loudly eating her tub of popcorn worse than the cookie monster off Sesamee Street.  

   We assumed our w8er left 2 notify management but that wasn't the case.  She continued w/ her antics throwing her popcorn & insults all through the final preview & on in2 the start of the movie.  My guest went 2 notify management & 2 c if the w8er was in process of doing so.  I sat there clenching the arm rest trying not 2 turn in2 a She~Hulk while we were missing the opening. 

   Our w8er was busy tending 2 his orders but confirmed what had happened 2  management which my guest relayed.  Returning, he came back w/ some lady "manager" (using that term very loosely) confronting the lady who immedi8ly burst in2 tears playing the victim & claiming she had a headache & would apologize 2 us after the show (like that was supposed 2 make everything ok/understood). 

   Then the manager approached me & I told her if that woman didn't like the fact that this was a dine~in cinema she could go 2 a regular theater (as she's still chowin' down on her popcorn like nothing happened~crocodile tears dried) & that we were in no way being loud or disruptive (unlike her).  We were told not 2 talk 2 her & that "she said she'd apologize 2 us after the movie."  We're thinking, What?? So ur not going 2 take care of the problem that the entire theater was having 2 deal w/ & then tell US not 2 talk 2 her when nothing warranted this HARASSMENT of US & some1 trying 2 ruin things 4 others?  Sorry, that's NOT good enough!! 

   The PROBLEM should have been REMOVED/had 2 LEAVE especially since the w8er confirmed what happened as the entire theater could.  It SHOULD have been CORRECTED even if it meant giving psycho lady off~her~meds a refund!!  Sad part is that doesn't even apply 2 her as everything was so blatantly intentional.  Part of HER PROBLEM trying 2 project on2 others seems 2 b she had an issue w/ others ordering from the menu while she only had popcorn.  And if she wasn't such a nasty miserable being, we might have actually paid anonymously 4 her 2 select something 4 herself.  

   Shame on that so~called "manager", thus the 4 instead of 5* rating!!  The only apology we got was from our server (we didn't care 2 hear from the wierdo lady who should b gr8ful we're the people we r instead of following her 2 her car or residence) but replied "unfortun8ly we can't control the actions/behavior of others but something can b done when these situ8ions/nuisances present themselves & SOMETHING should have been!"  Then a couple following behind us on the way out of the theater said "oh yeah that crazy lady was Horrible, WE almost left ~ Absolutely NO excuse 4 that!"  Glad 2 know obviously we weren't the only 1s feeling that way...
Firstly I want to say that service here was just phenomenal! Alexander served us tonight while we watched captain America and we had a good time.
Do expect a large amount of white noise from all the other patrons eating. The servers walk around and deliver food and it all provides for a rather distracting experience. I'm not sure I would go for a movie that I really want to enjoy, but if you're here to drink beer and watch The Expendables, than you are in the right place!
 Cheers!
My roomate has worked at this theater for past 3 years, and let me tell you, this is the best theater I've ever been too. I mean you get to eat great food and watch a movie in recliners! You can even order alcohol if you'd like!

Overall, this theater is super friendly, clean, great food, good quality sound and picture, and very comfortable seats.
Repulsive food, little better than what you would get on an airplane.  Priced about 10 times more. I swear I just ate McNuggets that cost $15. Bland, obviously frozen. 

Had to ask twice for my drink, then got billed twice for one drink. Delighted to find that I also paid for the food for the gentleman sitting next to me as well. In their defense the staff was quick to fix the problems. Not rude, just clueless. 

Main issue is theater full of texting people during the movie. So rude. Wish this state had an Alamo Drafthouse.
I was excited to hear that there was a place like this after Farelli's closed. The seating was a bit confusing at first to know what to pick from never being there before. But once we got in and seated we fell in love with the huge cushion recliners. The drinks were fine but a bit pricey. I ordered a type of nacho and it was really good but greasy and hard to find the jalpenos in the dark. My husband had the parm fries and they were awesome! I wsih there was one of these on the west side because I would totally be frequenting it more!
This is a Quality over Quantity decision, folks.

You pay a premium for these seats, but they are easily 2x as comfortable, you aren't crowded with others, there are no screeming kids in strollers, in general this is a more upscale audience where you are not likely to get in the middle of a gang fight, etc.

For me, I made the decision to take my family's usual movie going schedule, and spend 1/2 of those seeing a movie at home with Redbox for $1, and half the time taking my family to this theater, paying $2-5 per ticket premium, and having more fun.

The food is Applebees in a theater, basically, with a $3-4 premium per dish for getting served at your seat.  Again, if you were going to an Applebees quality restaurant, pay the premium.  It's fun.  If you wanted upscale, there are lots of restaurants in the complex or across the street (use the tunnel, it's cool!).

One thing I recommend is skipping the popcorn.  It's a small bag, isn't as fresh as a usual theater, and runs $8.  No thanks.  If you want to spend $8, spend it on real food or candy.  

For me, the difference between watching a movie in a theater like Harkins Christown or in AMC Esplanade is like the difference between First Class and a middle seat in Coach on a 12 hour transoceanic flight.  Yes, it's that big.  

But it only costs $2-4 per ticket premium folks.

That's money well spent.  I mean, for me, it's a complete, total, no-brainer.

By the way, unlike the other reviews, the adults only theaters ARE more comfortable seats, but not THAT much more comfortable.  So if you have an equal choice, go with the adults only theater seats, but if not, don't be scared... still do it.
I've been to this theater several times. It is a bit pricey compared to most. I invited a friend to this facility. And OMG! he is still complaining about the admission. That was my fault. I should have given him a heads up. 

I like the place. You can choose your seating when you purchase your ticket(s). The seating is VERY comfortable...oversized, recycling seats! Don't sit on the very back row...you won't get the full effects of the these seats.

Staff come around before the start of the show to take your food and beverage order. However, you can purchased a beverage and/or eat prior to entering the theater. The staff has always been pleasant and knowledgeable of the menu items as well as the what's currently playing.

There is plenty of garage parking. Staff will validate your ticket.
Love this place! No waiting in line because you have assigned seating that you get to choose, reclining seats, a meal and most of all grown ups only (21 over suites/alcohol available). No one kicking your seat, talking through the movie or phone screens lighting up from texting.  Is the ticket pricey...Yes, but worth every penny!!!
Movie time!  We went to see "Chef"  what a great movie!  The food this time however left much to be desired.  I always have the Thai Bang Shrimp Tacos and this time the corn tortillas were old and dried out, and there was almost no shrimp to speak of.  My hubby had the Coconut chicken tenders and he did like those.  The rest of the experience was good as usual and this will not prevent us from coming back.  I just may ask this time if they changed the recipe.
My husband and friend went to see "The Other Women" on 5-25 and had a family behind us that had a 10 month old who cried often (of course it was his nap time) and then with his boredom he tipped over glasses and kept pushing the service buttom, The 2 women had their phones on talking out loud. When we complained to the manager he told us that babies/children were allowed in the theatre in the am and afternoons and they weren't allowed to ask families to leave. The manager was extremely arrogant and continued to insult our sensibilities with stupid excuses how children prevailed even though before the movie the rest of us are told to turn our phones off and not to disturb others during the movie. I have never had this experience with Harkin's anywhere in the Valley, and even though this is considered a higher class establishment i would rate it very low. I was told that you have to attend movies where kids aren't welcomed  (theatre's 1-7),  however what if you want to see that peticular movie?  This was by NO means a child's movie much less an appropriate movie for a baby. We purchased our seats and the theatre was full and small so moving wasn't an option. My husband and friend are post cancer patience's so attending a movie at night is difficult for them.  Be aware of this place, know the rules and stay away during the day with theatre's (8-14 ).
If there is a movie you want to see don't go there if it's during the day in the movie theatre's allowing babies and children.  They gave us free tickets to come back but after being insulted by the rude manager, I returned them and told him to give them to someone who cares. We will never step back in this place again. I am in Pediatrics and love children, but not all parents are insightful enough to respect others when they go to the movies. And, then again, I guess they knew what they were doing because their poor choices are reinforced by the Management.  Our first 2 times there were very nice but this last time was our last. Good Luck and be very paranoid.
My husband and I love going to see movies, so for my birthday he took me here because it was highly recommended. I had such an amazing time! It was so nice to go to a theater where anyone under 18 had to be accompanied by an adult. It cuts down on the obnoxious teenager factor. The service was amazing. I was skeptical at first because I thought that servers walking around was going to disturb the movie but it didn't. The food was great and we loved that you could order food in the lobby while you wait for your movie. I just have 3 complaints: the ticket prices are so expensive, but considering they have to pay wages to the servers, I get why they increase the tickets, but still, $20 is a bit much. They also don't have student discounts to lower those prices. My last complaint is that the movie selection isn't as high as some of the other theaters so it was difficult to find a movie that both my husband and I wanted to see. So 4 stars for me because of the down sides, so an overall good time for me.
I went to see "X-men: Days of Future Past" 3D in one of the Cinema Suites. The powered recliners are AWESOME! I was in row D, but in the future will only sit in lower rows as you can't fully recline without cropping out some of the bottom part of the screen. The theater was about 70% full by my estimation (25-30 people) and based on other reviews I was certainly worried about noise from people ordering food, etc. However, I found it to be a non-issue. It was maybe a little noisy for the first 10-15 mins of the movie, but it was so minimal that it's barely remarkable. There's such a drop in height from one row to the next that I think it prevents one from really being bothered by what's going on in rows that are in front/behind them. Also, I didn't feel that it was really any brighter after the movie started than it would be at any other "regular" theater. However, the little call/menu light was reflecting off of the inside of my 3D glasses. So, I took the cloth napkin and had it covering the light for most of the movie. For non-3D movies, I don't think this would be a problem. I ordered the Jalapeno Chipotle Burger with Parmesan Fries and it was HUGE and also pretty tasty. Not the best burger I've ever had, but good.The servers were really attentive, but not annoying. All in all, I was pretty impressed and feel that the $6-7 mark-up over a traditional first-run theater ticket is worth it, even if you don't get anything to eat.
I reeeeallyyy wanted to love this theater!  Everyone kept raving about it, supposedly the best in Phoenix.  We arrived & were def wowed by the nice lobby & bar.  The seats we definitely not the most comfortable compared to the other AMC theaters & I found it really distracting with the clanging of forks, drinks being dropped on the floor, servers walking back & forth etc.  I know it's the whole experience that's supposed to be neat but I just didn't find it to be my cup of tea.  The sign said the theater we were in was 21 & older but there were tons of loud kids in there which confused me. I also wish there was an option to turn off the light on the side of your seat when you're done eating.  I found it to be pretty bright.

Glad we checked it off our list but we probably won't be running back anytime soon.
This is pretty much the only theater I go to.  Yes they have increased the prices a little since it first opened up but it's still cheaper than the over rated Ipic in Scottsdale.  

The seats are always super comfy and the food is actually really good.  The food is about average price but the drinks can get pricey.  How can you complain though about getting to eat dinner and have a drink while watching a movie! 

One thing to stay away from though are the milkshakes (might as well be ice cream flavored milk) and the burgers I haven't had much luck with as you can't get them cooked to order.  Just about everything else I've tried has been great though.
So last year we came to see a movie. We ordered some burgers... Well there was a hair in my burger, which made it pretty impossible to enjoy the movie after that. They did get me an all new burger which was good and had no hairs but I don't think I will be coming back.
Nice seats...pricey over - fluffed menu. Truffle fries? Really?  Got the chicken fingers with thai sauce...was just ok...next time I'll just go for the booze!!
So, for $16.50, you can get an oversized, leather reclining chair w/a side table and swivel tray over your lap, and fab view of the picture? I think it's money well spent. It's like flying first class - once you've got a taste of it, it's hard to go back to Coach. I felt like a true baller, I really did.

I do, however, wish AMC would consider bumping their OVERLY inflated meal/drink prices. I paid $4.50 for a Coke Zero? That hurt, it did. I didn't eat any food, but my friend's fries smelled heavenly.

Oh, and I wld also suggest better signage for parking. I got lost/trapped when parking at Gallagher Kennedy. I shrugged this off and found my way to AMC parking, but hit 2 dead ends in the garage by their loading dock. But, maybe that's just me.
This place has really gone down hill. The employees in the front are rude and unhelpful. Inside the theater the waiters ignore you when you need something. I'm disappointed because I love going to the movies. Guess i will be driving the extra 10 min to Scottsdale for now on. Bummed.
I have gone back a few times, and received much better service each time! Food and drinks are still a bit pricey for what you get, but I would recommend going.
We had no idea how this place worked. The movie we saw was hilarious, and how great to watch it while relaxing in comfort?

However, the food was terrible. Save your money. We had the blue cheese wedge salad and lime chicken burger. The wedge salad was three chunks of iceberg lettuce. The menu doesn't cater to people who are trying to eat in a healthy way. Fried this, fried that. 

Go here if you want to watch a movie in comfort, perhaps having a drink, after you have had dinner somewhere else.
I've been wanting to check this place out and I'm so glad we did. This place is awesome! We purchased our tickets online (highly recommend you do this to get the best seating) and were pleased to find out that there was a 4 hour parking validation provided for the garage. We sat in the cinema suites and the chairs and service were amazing. The movie experience was perfect and the prices on foods and drinks were very reasonable. We will definitely return!
This AMC is located in the Biltmore area near the Ritz-Carlton and has a parking garage behind it which did not have a fee. The area in which this AMC is in has a lot of shops and the corridors are architecturally detailed. 

The service was great from entrance to exit especially the waiters during the movie. They came in about twice during the movie even though we didn't ring (press a button for service). The menu is pretty large. Most of the food is of the "American" variety. The desserts were tempting but overall it was a bit pricey for the type of food offered and serving portions. 

The best part of this theater has to be the giant cherry red recliners. The most comfortable movie theater seats I have ever enjoyed a movie in. 

The screen and movie display was relatively the same as any AMC, nothing special there.

Oh and this theater has a full bar instead of a candy case in the lobby. That has to be an incentive for some people. Candy and popcorn can be found on the menu received when seated for your movie, don't worry.
Another Arcadia Farms location that falls squarely in the "ladies who lunch" category and I don't mean that in a negative way.  Located at the Heard Museum, this one has a definite southwestern twist.  I come here about once every two weeks and the food has always been fantastic.   My current favorite item is the pulled pork quesidilla  that was just added to the menu a couple months ago.  The veggie wrap is also quite good.  The posole is a little disappointing.  Don't order the posole. The patio is lovely and relaxing.  Once the weather cools off a little bit more, I highly recommend stopping in for a leisurely lunch.
If you can manage your way through all the construction going on to get to the Heard Museum, Arcadia Farms offers a surprisingly creative and delicious lunch menu.  My mom and I shared the posole and chopped salad (forgot its name, but it had israeli couscous, avocado, dried blackcurrants, pumpkin seeds and some other stuff with an AMAZING basil dressing) and were quite satisfied dining under the cool trees on the patio.  I was prob the only person at the entire resto (and the entire museum for that matter) who was b/t the age of 15 and 60.  But aint no denying a good meal :)
I've only eaten here once. And when I went, it was a nice time. I had a nice strawberry & chicken salad. It was verrrry sweet! It almost hurt my teeth! The place is very beautiful and small. I don't recommend coming with a large group unless you want to dine outside. 

The outdoor dining area is very beautiful. The Hear Museum is a very pretty place. I love the water canal and mock wo'o (swimming holes). 

My largest complaint is that besides the Pesole (which isn't that great btw), nothing on the menu is traditional Native American Fare. As a Native person who appreciates the wonderful tastes and textues of traditional Native foods from the many tribes of Arizona... to have a museum that celebrates our cultures and yet doesn't celebrate our food is counter productive and disappointing. We eat more than frybread!!

If you're out at the museum and want a nice quiet lunch in a tranquil autmosphere this is a great place to dine. But PLEASE don't think what they serve is what Natives eat!
This may have been one of the most tranquil meals I have enjoyed.  We sat on the patio and I felt as if I was sitting in another world.  I felt as if I was removed from all the stresses of work and life and really sat and enjoyed my surroundings.  I don't remember what I ate, I believe it was a sandwich of some sort.  I left Arcadia Farms feeling all warm and fuzzy.
YUM!  And the setting couldn't be more beautiful.   I often grab lunch here even when I'm not going to the Museum, it's just such a beautiful, quiet setting, particularly if it is nice enough to sit outside.  I've often brought out-of-town guests to this spot and they are ALWAYS impressed.    There are far too few outdoor dining experiences in Phoenix like this - because the sitting is in the middle of a courtyard, you don't have the annoyance of car noise or smells nearby.   It's an oasis!   Love it.
It makes me a little sad to write this review- I had high hopes for Arcadia Farms. It had been recommended to me time and again and the reviews all sounded amazing. I didn't hate the place but I didn't love it. The setting is lovely and the service was great but the food was, well, eh at best. I had the crab cakes which didn't tast particularly fresh and I though the portion was very skimpy for the price. My mother had their california roll salad- big mistake! The salad came on top of a rice ball which was cold, hard and dry- like it had been refrigerated for days- unacceptable! The rest of the salad was a let down as well- few shrimp and not many other ingredients on the plate. We had a pitcher of sangria which was ok but overpriced. The best thing was the lemon cake cookie. 

Don't get me wrong- it is a cute little lunch place- but not all it is cracked up to be by any means.
So sad to hear that Arcadia Farms pulled out of the Heard Cafe.   Haven't tried the new offerings yet... hope it's just as good, but be advised as of May 2009 it's no longer by the wonderful Arcadia Farms.
Okay so it's no longer operated by Arcadia Farms - the Heard Museum took over operations earlier this year.  BUT, they're doing a great job.  The menu is basically the same and the staff is mostly the same people too.  So it's still worth going.... not "CLOSED" but under new management.
Some friends and I recently decided to try out a new wine bar Jug 'n Barrel in north Phoenix.  Luckily for us Thursday night (the night we decided on) was wine tasting and live music night.  

We walked in to a cozy, comfortable and beautifully decorated wine bar.  The bar was adorned with oak barrels and even had tables made out of barrels.  There was a bar area and a separate wine tasting area.  There were many seating options, soft plush couches, large tables or bar stools.  

The music playing was soft mellow and relaxing - coffee style music.  They always have various local artists on Thursday's - I was not sure of this guys name, he played guitar and sang cover tunes and did a mean Robert Plant. KUDOS!

They had a decent wine selection and good food.  We ordered the amazing sandwich - the original BMT which was absolutely delicious.  I will go back for this sandwich alone.  We also ordered the bruschetta (good) and the cheese plate; for $18 I was pretty disappointed in the cheese plate.  I have paid less at other restaurants and received a better and larger assortment.  We also ordered a bottle of the Gordon brother chard (good).  For $7 we did the wine tasting (7:00-8:30) and sampled four reds.   Keep in mind if you buy a bottle you sample the $7 is comped, which we did. 

All in all a wonderful dining experience and we will be back!
Some amazing friends of mine surprised me and set up a whole birthday dinner at Jug 'n Barrel! This was my first time here and was shocked at how cute the place was. Even in a strip mall it actually had a fireplace which gave it a very cozy feel. The wine list is great and not too intimidating. We had a great server who even put together a wine flight to match my sweet tooth. The only thing that knocks a star (More like 1.5 stars) off the rating is the completely average food. We had a group of about 12 and ordered several appetizers and all of us ordered entrees. I don't think any of us were blown away by our meals. 

Although I will not return for a meal, I would return for wine with friends.
So, last Saturday night, Jamie and I were invited out to Jug 'n Barrel by our friend John Pomeroy, who is the chef there. It was nice and empty when we got there, but had a cozy ambiance with warm lighting and bookcases with games and magazines, and lovely soft music(though we left just before the live music started).

For hors d'oeuvres, I ordered the Olive Bowl(a great variety of Greek olives served with herb crackers) and the mussels(both Jamie and I's first time trying mussels--sauteed in garlic, served in-shell, and so wonderfully buttery they melted in my mouth--though Jamie wasn't as fond of the inherent mussel-y taste)...

Jamie ordered the Croque Monsieur...black forest ham covered in melty Swiss cheese and white truffle oil, served open-faced on toast(more like Texas toast, it seemed like)...it was so crunchy, cheesy, melty(yea, sounds like a Taco Bell commercial haha), that, although I've NEVER liked Swiss cheese, I sincerely enjoyed the few bites that I had. The Croque was served with string french fries that had just enough golden crunch and just enough softness to rival McD's...

I had the salad(can't remember what it was called), with seasoned, toasted walnuts and rich crumbled bleu cheese...John told us the walnuts were rolled in cayenne pepper and rosemary, and let me tell you--I'm a sucker for flavored walnuts in salad, be they with spices or with sugar, so I LOVED it...the salad came drizzled in a champagne vinagrette that paired nicely with Jamie's wine: the to-die-for Rosa Regale Banfi Sparkling Red...that wine was SO good that I've bought it from Whole Foods 3 times since visiting Jug...it's rich and thick(not syrupy, just not barely-existent, like most sparkling wines)...and it tastes like rose petals and strawberries :)

also, during the meal, John brought out a special he had created--2 juicy steak medallions drizzled in honey balsalmic--Jamie's reaction was "That could be the only sauce I'd eat with steak, besides A1"...it was lovely...

anyway, definitely going back there, monthly, for their wine-tasting Thursday nights, as recommended by the chef :)
I really wanted to hold off reviewing this until I had actually eaten there. However, the place is good enough that it deserves to be reviewed on it's own. Just keep in mind, I didn't eat there. But I did see the food. And I'm SO going back for the food.

I chanced into here based on a quick iPhone Yelp search for "wine". I'd actually been looking for a wine store, so it goes to show you how much I'd read. Upon arrival, my friend and I decided that even if we couldn't buy a bottle to depart with, the atmosphere was pleasant enough to stick around for. You know, for a glass of wine.

We sit at the nice dark wood bar and the bartender sweeps over. My friend was undecided on her choice and, on my suggestion, asked the bartender.

This was the best choice made that day. By anyone. Anywhere.

The somo....somma.....sumal.....wine guy asked her about her tastes and preferences (red, non-specific) and gave her a few tastes. A bit more conversation and he recommends going for the "Discovery" flight. This turns out to be a fantastic idea for her. A spectrum of red wine was put before her and she was left in a state of bliss.

The....wine guy turns to me and asks about my tastes (red zinfandels, the "real" ones, as I found out), but I'm open to trying new wines. He thinks on it for a second and mutters a few possibilities while he looks at the shelf of wine behind the bar. Inspiration strikes, and he pulls out a pinot noir. Strange, but I'll go along with it. It was the damnedest thing, but if it wasn't a pinot noir that has a lot of the earthy characters that I love in red zin.

So that was how the night went. By the time I left there, with the good-matured feeling that wine gives you, I had been thoughroughly educated in all sorts of things about wine.  I actually even found out that the winery that sells one of my favorite zins has "sold out". Sad, but always good to know.

In short: Go here now! Sit at the bar with your friend(s) and talk to the (asks Mr.Internet) sommelier! and enjoy some fantastic service and, of course, wine.
Unfortunately, Jug n Barrel has closed.
Review based on wine & appetizer (never had a full meal).  They had great service with a good range of wines, many of which were not available at other merchants.  Having a decent selection to choose from by the glass was also a plus.  Unfortunately with the discount wine places opening up in the West valley, this place couldn't make it.
I hear Sinatra ate here - I had to go ... Hands down the best Italian in Vegas (maybe all points west of Vegas too). We didn't have a reservation, but got there fairly late (9pm) so the place wasn't that crowed. It allowed us a wait of only 20min. or so to get an upstairs table with a view overlooking the Grand Canal.  ... I recommend you call ahead and reserve one (it's worth it) ... We had a few drinks in the downstairs bar area (and wouldn't have minded if we had to wait a bit longer). The menu is heavily weighted towards seafood dishes, the staff seams to be all from Italy (It's Vegas! Everythings imported I guess) and the ambiance is fantastic. The place is highly-priced, so if you're drinking, don't expect to escape with the bill under $100 per. Our's was about $185 for the two if us w/o tip (which included a couple Peroni's and glasses of Chianti).
I've been here a couple of times and it has been outstanding on both occasions!  The menu does lean heavily toward seafood, but they use really fresh ingredients. I had the sea bass and was not disappointed at all!  The service was superb!

Like Tom P. said, call ahead for a table overlooking the Grand Canal!
I was very disappointed at the cost to quality ratio at Zeffirino.  I ordered a noodle dish which was supposed to have fresh tomato, basil, and big blocks of fresh mozzarella, according to the menu.  I ended up with a plate of undercooked spaghetti with spaghetti sauce drizzled over it and a little cheese.  Definitely disappointed.  

I also ordered a bottle of Italian Moscato which they were out of, and replaced with a Pinot Grigio which tasted like it was half full of water AND it had one of those plasticky corks.  I hate those.  

Out of the party of 7 that I ate with, no one particularly cared for their meal and several of us did not feel well the next day, post meal.  I will never eat here again.
on a weekend that consisted of a surprisingly great room at Harrah's, a surprisingly great dinner at Guy Savoy in Caesar's and a surprisingly good show from Celine Dion (that's right i'll admit it!), dinner at Zeffirino was excellent.  they put us at a nice table overlooking the gondola.  the service staff was excellent and very helpful in helping us out w/ the menu.  we both found dishes we loved and had a great bottle of Moscato as well and at the end of the day, what more could you ask for?  really a 4.5 star restaurant but i don't wanna round up...  yelp, start allowing 1/2 stars!!!
Oh how completely disappointing to find Italian cuisine of this quality at such a grand Venetian themed hotel.  It is tough to find a bad meal in Las Vegas, but here it is.  A large winding dark and quite restaurant that impossibly feels dead, in the midst of all of the hubbub downstairs along the canal.  I love porcini mushrooms, so when we saw the Lasagna with redporcini's we decided to give it a try.  They explained that it was not a traditional lasagna, but what they brought to the table was lasagna like noodles with plenty of redporcini's, but it had no porcini aroma nor taste.  Maybe a RED porcini is like their lasagna and not a real porcini?  $30 for lasagna noodles and mushrooms and that is it.  Seriously, just an awful dish of nothing.  My date ordered off the menu to get pesto with spaghetti, but it was underwhelming in every way.    

I applaud their large selection of wines by the half bottle.  I love that size for two people, yet so few vineyards produce them.  We had an Italian Chianti that fit the experience perfectly.  Off, boring and I wish I never had it.
The great oysters that are made available to you smack dab in the middle of the desert at Zeffirino's - - - those oysters alone would earn this place 5-stars.  Holy smokes... damn good oysters... 

Wine selection is huge.
Steak?  Great - order it rare.  Accompanied by a bottle of Jordan Cabernet:  HEAVEN ON EARTH.
Most of the pastas, but not all - very, very good.
Seafood entrees - - some are hugely impressive, but admittedly a bit inconsistent. 

I've been here 4 times total now, 2 times on the same visit a couple of years ago.  Those two times were amazing, knock your socks off GOOD.  The latter two times have been a bit "off" once (hence, I knock off one star just for the inconsistency), and then amazing again the last time.  Hmm.

Ambience is nice here as it overlooks the Grand Canal Shoppes.  Lighting is nice, and if you don't sit on the balcony area - - a nice, private booth is also very cool here.  Dining for two, all the way to dining for 50 can be accomodated here - - it's a large restaurant, much larger than it appears!! 

Service has ALWAYS been excellent in true Vegas style.  They charge you an arm and a leg, so I expect nothing less, but it is nice to be treated like royalty!

I don't even have to order here.
Just hearing we have reservations to this place conjures up images of fresh oysters on ice for me..... I could eat these oysters by the ton.  

I kid you not.

But - I shall try it again on my next visit just to be sure what is happening here.  There was a time I'd have given Zeffy's a strong, strong 5-stars.... but that one mediocre time still remains in my mind.  Fluke?  Off-night?  It can happen... but not twice.  Not in Vegas where there are too many good places to eat at to frequent a less-than-reliable establishment.

The jury's still out on this one.
Overpriced (for what you get) but you should already be expecting that already.  The staff was actually a little annoying - food was enjoyable though - 3.5-stars if I could.
One word: Overrated.

I was definitely underwhelmed by the food. Ambiance was nice, if you like to watch a shopping mall from where you're sitting (we got seated in a "nice" location overlooking the toilet blue water, gondolas and the Kenneth Cole store). The interior is nice, but nothing special if you're a foodie and dine out often. The service was average, a small hint of pretense included.

We went in expecting a nice dinner and ordered the following:
--Appetizer: Sauted clams and black mussels with garlic, white wine, capers and parsley
This was not good. It looked like it would be delicious when presented at our table. There was a light garlic sauce covering the mussels and clams which was quite good by itself. However, the actual shellfish was completely bland and some were too chewy, like they cooked them too long. Overall, it left a lot to be desired.

--Entrees: 
1) Homemade pasta sauted with lobster, white wine and baby Shrimp in a Light Tomato sauce
This dish was pretty average fare. There was one large lobster claw and a bunch of baby shrimp, so they definitely didn't skimp on the seafood. The sauce was pretty flavorful and the noodles were cooked well. It just wasn't orgasmically delicious. Oh, and the serving size was Buca-esque, which, to me, isn't a good sign for a supposedly "fine dining" establishment.
Also, it was garnished with a random piece of purple cabbage and parsley. PARSLEY?? seriously?? I thought this was a classy joint!

2) Pan seared breaded veal loin, topped with tomato, mozzarella and parmigiano served with sauted tomato pasta
This was my bf's dish. He didn't like the veal which was SMOTHERED in cheese but he said the pasta was alright.

Since neither of us are wine-lovers, we just ordered a few cocktails, much to our server's dismay. He was visibly bothered by our decision to skip the wine (it was funny and odd at the same time). Oh and a bottle of Aqua Panna still water is $8, just to let you know in case you were hoping for free water :)

We skipped dessert. Check was $150 for two. Meh.

The highlight of this place? It has the nicest bathroom's I've ever seen. Each stall is it's own little private room complete with a clear vessel sink and cloth towels. They also had a variety of hand lotions for use in the hallway outside the bathrooms.
I wondered if the hotel that is themed after Venice has a good Italian restaurant or was it going to be another tourist trap? No it was not!

We hit this place up as a late lunch so we there was no wait. I loved the decor. The bottom floor was dark and provided a nice get away from the crowds of tourist and shoppers outside. The upper level was very nice IMHO. Yes i know it is nothing compared to an actual restaurant over looking a courtyard in Venice, but guess what I knew i was not in Italy so I wouldn't dare try to compare it to that.

I am a big fan of people watching is really enjoyed sitting on the top floor over looking the shops and enjoying the singing from the gondola operators even though they seem to only know about a total of 5 songs but non the less still enjoyable.

The service was great, absolutely no complaints. The food was prepared very well and the portions were okay. Not that i was expecting allot of food from a place like this. I'm pretty sure i will be dinning here on my future trips to LV.
One of the attraction of this restaurant is that it is the only restaurant that overlooks the Venetian Hotel canal from second floor.  We requested a window seat so that we could watch the gondola passing under us.  They seated us in an inside room surrounded by 3 walls.  We refused to take the table because the canal view was what attracted us to this restaurant in the first place.  The hostess then took us to a table one row away from the window.  We were told all the tables by the windows were reserved.  It wouldn't bother us if those tables were really reserved.  No, at least half a dozen tables were left empty throughout our lunch there.  Why weren't we assigned to those unoccupied tables?  Couple of the hostess assistants looked Asian to me, was it discrimination because we were fellow Asians?  Or because we had kids in our party?  I took off a couple of stars for the dishonest hostess or whatever reasons we were treated that way.

The waiting service was quite good.  The meals were just mediocre.  It was a disappointment when we spent almost $150 on lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids.  I expected better food and a better view.

See some photos I took from this restaurant at http://biggestmenu.com/rdr/NV/Las-Vegas/Zeffirino-Ristorante-1593639/Linguine-Vongol-34063
To be honest, I can't speak about the selection.  My travel companion and I purchased the Romance Package through Expedia which gave us a voucher for this meal, admission to Madame Tussaud's, and a gondola ride.

But, the salmon I had was PERFECTION.  The roasted potatoes were to die for.  I had a cauliflower & asparagus soup as an appetizer that was definitely a new experience for me.  It was good. although I didn't finish in anticipation for the main course.

We also had a great White Zin to accompany the salmon, and the ambiance of the restaurant was very lovely.  We didn't get seated overlooking the canal but really it was just as well... much needed quiet lunch away from the crowds.  I'd love to go back with a bit more cash in my pocket to try out the complete menu.
I flew in one afternoon to have dinner with my lawyer and stay for a few days on business. I arrived early and hung around in the lobby of the restaurant. Nice entrance downstairs. Casual, dark bar and lounge. Upstairs, you'll find the dining area.

This is the only restaurant in the Venetian that overlooks the canals. Nice view. Lots of noise from people below and the singing gondoliers.

Service was attentive as you would expect. Impressive wine selection. Sampled a glass of Petit Syrah and a bottle of Coonawara Cab/Merlot blend. Amazing wine. Very fair pricing.

Fresh and sizeable steamed clams for the appetizer alongside some oysters on the half shell served extra chilled. Very clean horseradish.

Lobster and Seafood linguini was tremendous.
Stuffed quail quarter was very tender.
Mackarel served whole, de-boned at your table, was flaky, flavourful, and very fresh.

No desserts this time around. The wine was more than enough to suffice. Menu and overall selection was wide spread and didn't leave me wanting. Moderately priced and the bill was fair.
This is a very cozy little place.  Downstairs is a lovely, dark bar, nice to enjoy a drink or two.  upstairs are the most awesome bathrooms (should have taken a pic!) and the restaurant.    We got a seat on the "balcony" over looking the gondolas and we could hear all the pretty singing.

As for the food... they had nice wine specials for $5 a glass, a merlot and pino grigio which were very good, especially for the price.  I have had much better Caesar salads.  My friend got the Chicken Parmesan and it was not very good... the dining facility at the Army hospital I work at actually makes MUCH better chicken parm than Zeffirino, and it is only $2 compared to $18.50.  Managers/cook of Zeffirino, if you are reading this, you need to change your recipe!  There is no excuse for bad chicken parm at an Italian restaurant!  

On the other hand, my pasta dish was absolutely delish!  (it was the special of the day).  It was green pasta ravioli stuffed with ricotta with a creamy mushroom and watercress sauce, with little slices of zucchini in it.  Yum.  What I would do for another plate of that.  Their bread basket was also very good, especially these crispy chip things that reminded me of phyllo dough... I couldn't stop eating them. (please see pics)

So, big minus stars for the crappy chicken parm and Caesar salad.  Big plus stars for the pasta and bread basket chip thingies and downstairs bar.
The service and ambience were excellent however the food was awful.  We ordered a $27 Fettuccine alla Bolognese described as homemade fettuccine with meat sauce.  The meal was disgusting.  My husband and I only ate a few bites before deciding to leave.  The fettuccine was not homemade and the meat sauce was awful.  I would rather pay $27 for a frozen TV dinner than eat there again.
Oh my GOD!!  If you are at the Venetian you must absolutely make a reservation at Zeffirino!!  You will want to call me up and thank me profusely for giving you such valuable and mouth-watering advice...believe me.

I had set out with the fam in search of steak and seafood...a little surf and turf if you will...and they all wanted Italian.  Well, somehow we ended up at Zeffirino because my honey said he saw "filet medallions" on the menu...

SOOOOOO not sad that we stumbled inside!  

First of all, the decor is fantastic...a virtual maze will lead you upstairs to a sort of Moroccan feel of a room...complete with open windows yielding views of the painted sky outside.  You really do feel as if you are somewhere in Italy and not in a casino...

The staff are all Italian...that's a plus!  And the food...THE FOOD...Holy Hell.  I had a special of filet medallions (three...and perfectly cooked...slightly crunchy on the outside and perfect pink inside!) in a fondue type sauce, topped with a light pomegranate sauce and coupled with green beans and the most delightful, crispy little potatoes. My honey had some sort of pasta tube stuffed with something and covered in a Beschamel sauce and topped with BLACK TRUFFLES!!  Yummmmm.  The sea bass in lemon sauce looked divine...

As for the desserts...you won't be remiss with the hazelnut gelato, the tiramisu (which is served in a martini glass) or the white/milk/dark chocolate mousse.  So incredibly scrumptious and all the portions were just enough to fill you without making you ill.

Can't tell you the overall cost as we were treated by a family member...I can tell you that my entree alone was $44 so it's not on the cheaper side by any means.  But seriously, it was worth the cost!

And best part, this man and his son come around and serenade you with violins...lovely!!

Great for an intimate dinner as well as for a large party!
I was at their Sunday brunch just two days ago (4/30/08).  All I can say is . . . superb!  It was the best service I have ever experienced in my entire life.  I am told that I am extremely picky about the food and restaurants I frequent.  Zeffirino's brunch is $55 per person and worth every single penny.  I will be returning to this restaurant and Bouchon, both of which are in the Venetian Hotel.
We went here last week to close out a grueling week of conference training and networking.  The place is kinda hard to find but we finally found it.  It's rather dark inside but the restaurant area is on the second floor and is somewhat narrow but nice.  They boast that it's the only 2nd floor seating in the entire Grand Canal.  Woo.

We had a fixed menu since there were nearly 50 of us.  We only chose the drinks and one of three entrees.  The appetizer (radicchio, mozzarella and speck) and salad were uninspired, as was the bread and butter.  Seriously this is VEGAS, there should be like lava in the butter, or the bread should be red, or there should be a nude lady dancing on the table.  COME ON!

I ordered the beef medallions.  Again, uninspired.  They were a bit salty and had a sauce on top.  And we all know truly good beef needs no sauce.  It seemed that the sea bass was the best of the three dishes.  The wine for the most part was good, but we hit a really nasty one and switched over from red to white.  The service was average, but why would you expect anything better if they've already been paid up front with a fixed menu service?

The saving grace was the dessert tray.  Large 20" trays of bite-sized desserts were presented to us.  There were so many to choose from and every one that I tried was fantastic.  We all joked that it must have been brought in externally since we saw no indication of a pastry chef and the quality of dessert to the rest of the meal was complete incongruous.

All in all, not impressed.  There are a bunch of other places to go in Vegas, and I'm eyeing that new Cut place in Palazzo.
Mediocrity in a sea of wonderful culinary delights...I would not have chosen Zefferino for a visit on my own, but went there for a large group dinner.

The place is huge and the ambiance is warm, bathrooms are amazing actually, probably the best part of the place!

I figured that our big party had already paid the staff because the service was not quite so fun. Snappy, unfriendly, unsmiling waiters took our orders mere seconds after we sat down. Snatched menus from under our noses, and then stood around staring at us as the big party came to a finish...when we went to the bathroom they started separating out our tables to let us know they wanted us to go. There were a few rockstars in the waiters who were helpful, but the rest...not so much.

Food wise, I can't believe that this place survives in the Venetian with so many other absolutely amazing places around it. It's not like they charge less for okay food. 

The one good thing was the ravioli, which i'd expect out of an Italian place, but everything else was a little too salty and dry. However, was surprised that my seabass was not overcooked, so props on that since fish can be hard to get just right. Unfortunately, mini-desserts were not even worth the time or calories.

The tab wasn't mine though, so I don't look a food gift-horse in the mouth, and the company was worth all the negatives, but I would have easily paid for a better meal elsewhere. Ahh well! It just set the stage for the amazing breakfast I was looking fwd to the next morning....
This place was very average overall. I had to go for a company group dinner.  The place is nicely decorated and ambience is very nice but food was so average.  The only thing that I was impressed with was the Huge bathrooms with your own private sink to wash your hands in with a cute towel.  

The menu was decided since we had a large party:
Appetizer: radicchio with mozzarella and lettuce 
Just tasted ok nothing that wow

Pasta:  Pesto Ravoli's
Just ok the sauce and Ravoli's

Main Dish:  Sea Bass or Beef Medellions
I got the Sea bass and it was pretty good and good size portions with potatoes. Fish was pretty flakey and moist

Dessert:
A tray of miscellenous bitesize cheesecakes, chocolates, tortes, etc
They were just ok I was not wowed at all!

Overall just average and I know company payed but expected a little bit nicer. Next time go elsewhere in Vegas!
I feel awful giving only 2 stars because the restaurant itself is awfully pretty, and our server was so incredibly sweet. However, our food was terrible! I had a caprese to start, and I have no idea how they managed to ruin it, but it was inedible. Literally every person at my table groaned when they took their first bite of their food - except one person. It's also a bit pricey, so I was surprised by how poor the food was. Boooo..
For the price the food should be much better.3 people cost $400.
2 had lobster , 1 had pasta and 1 bottle of wine.Service was great,nice view of the canal,great decor.
I've been to this place twice.  The first time, I was underaged and taken here with my dad and his wife.  I took no notice to what we ordered, but I know our bill went well over 800 bucks.  My dad and his wife were big drinkers that night.  My dad recommended I try some sort of seafood dish, that I truly cannot remember the name of right now.  I think it was swordfish with lobster sauce, but I'm sure it had a fancier name.  That was spectacular, and it was the whole reason that I took my boyfriend here again a year and a half later.

When we came in last summer (on my second visit), service was just as excellent as I remembered, and everything else was too.  I ordered the same dish and was completely happily.  I can't say the same for my boyfriend, unfortunately.  He chose some sort of pasta dish, even though he wanted to order the same thing I ordered.  He really didn't like it. :(  I thought it was decent, but nothing you couldn't get for a lot of cheaper somewhere else.  However, everything else we ordered here was excellent, and like I said, service was fantastic.

Just... don't order pasta!!!
I gave this restaurant an extra star for the view of the canal. You do the math. I just find it overpriced. The ingredients were fresh and the food was good but even in Vegas I think this restaurant was too full of themselves. When the waiter talks about the restaurant's history more than the food you know you are in trouble.

I had a seafood pasta that was traditional and cooked perfectly, but I could've cooked it perfectly. There was nothing unique about it. The sauce could've been out of a can for all I know. Just didn't stand out. The Chicken parm was good but someone's arm hurts in the kitchen because the chicken was so flat that you almost couldn't tell if it was veal or chicken, I guess this isn't a terrible thing. Just not traditional in my opinion (I also think I make the best chicken parm in the world). Anyways, i give the desserts 5 stars. Their pastry chef is working hard back there and the chocolate and little fancy truffles and whatevers were melt in your mouth delicious. The desserts made the meal enjoyable.

What was not enjoyable, however, was the bill. Way over priced for regular old Italian food! Even for Vegas. The staff was great and they worked there ass off trying to make up for the high price tag.
Food, service, and ambience on this restaurant is impeccable.
Having a view of the Venetian Canal is also a plus.
This place is ideal for a conversational dining experience.
Heard from one of the staff that celebrities regularly dine at this restaurant.  Bill could run up really high, especially if big meals and lots of drinks are ordered.  We had some appetizers (ie: calamari, fresh oysters, skewers,  ...), & a few glasses of Pinot Noir.  Also tried the  Cioppino and found it to be outstanding - the sauce & seafood mix is just perfect.  We'd come back to this restaurant  when we visit LV again.
Ehh, s'ok
had a great lunch, super service and reasonably priced
After a few years without dining at Zeffirino, hubby and I decided to dine in style since I hit a jackpot. WhooHoo! I have been here before and vowed to return when I could afford this gem of a restaurant again. 

From the moment you walk in, it's classic Italian in every sense. Beautiful decor, dark wood, great Italian music, beautiful seafood displayed at the bar and REAL Italians speaking Italian. 

We make our way upstairs where the dining room is and were sat promptly. Everyone was so nice and inviting. AND did I say all Italian? No kidding! There were 3 guys playing music table side which was a nice touch but I never know if I should look at them or what. It's kind of weird. 

Anyway, on to the dinner- I opted for a special dinner they had for $44 (I think this is a new thing since our economy is in the $#@^*(! ). It included an appetizer or salad or soup, entree, dessert and coffee. Not bad! I got the Caesar salad, heavy on the anchovy paste please. Love it! Hubby and I split the calamari and zucchini. Perfectly crisp, not greasy. A cocktail sauce and a creamy sauce were served with it. Perfect compliment. 

For entree I had the fotina cheese ravioli in a vodka sauce. Perfection! The pasta and sauces are made fresh and it's evident in every bite. Hubby got the veal. Juicy, crispy, just perfection! For dessert they gave me a plate of little baby cakes/pies. It was great to have a nibble of something sweet, anything more and I would have been in a food coma. 

The bathrooms have your VERY OWN SINK inside the stall and mouthwash. They thought of everything! I highly recommend this place if you win a jackpot or have a corporate dinner or you are really rich. Really, it's worth every penny if you can afford it.
My overall dining experience at Zeffirino was okay. I wasn't impress with the quality of the food at all, but that might be because I was there for lunch and ordered the $25.99 lunch special with appetizer, entree, and dessert. My seafood salad was okay. I think they were right on with serving such a small portion because if I had ate anymore I might have thrown up. I ordered some beef cube thing for the entree and it just didn't taste like anything. It was as if the chef just sprinkled some salt on and piled on a side of string beans and called it a meal. I could've done better in the kitchen with the beef. As for the dessert? Well...let's just say I preferred the gourmet candy apples and gelato sold all over the Venetian and Palazzo hotel. I give this place three stars because although the food was just okay, the service was excellent. Our waiter was attentive but didn't hover. I just hate waiters that come by every 5 minutes asking how everything is going. I just really wanted to say "it would be going better if you didn't talk to me while I'm chewing on my food." That's mean. I know. Well their business cards says "The Best of Las Vegas" but I wouldn't recommend this place for good food.
Food was ok. Service was decent. A bit overpriced for the food. Average Italian restaurant with average food.
Casinos are designed to distort the sense of time so that you will spend hours upon hours at the machines, spending your money - this is no big industry secret.  The Strip also rocks the wee hours, especially on the weekends, so there's plenty to do and see.  Fantastic!  What is absolutely NOT fantastic, however, is realizing at 11 P.M. that you haven't eaten dinner, and as a responsible Yelper and lover of snazzy food visiting one of the capitals of snazzy food, a street hot dog will not do.  Several heart-wrenching phone calls to various concierges later, the Venetian informs me that they still have three (gasp!) restaurants open, and to me, Zeffirino sounded the best, so they immediately added me to the books. 

And so it was that in a stroke of fate, my friend and I happened upon a really good restaurant in Vegas, and a very reasonably priced one ($100 for two people - entree for each, one drink, and an appetizer), which is great after reading Yelp reviews of other restaurants talking about dropping hundreds of dollars per person.  We were the last table seated, and they closed the kitchen before we got to dessert, but hey, that was all our fault - though it would have been nice to ask us if we wanted dessert during dinner, just in case.

We started with the sea bass cake on saffron sauce as an appetizer, which was good, not too fishy but nothing too snazzy.  I had the duck, and seriously, I have never been fed so much duck on a plate in my entire life, and I was definitely very pleased with the flavors and the preparation of the dish.  My Dining Buddy had the fettuccine with seafood, which was served in a good but non-threatening tomato sauce.  The wine menu was like a novel (seriously, it had a table of contents), but I selected a very tasty cocktail (Berry Lemonade) from an extensive list of delicious-sounding mixed drinks and martinis.  Aside from the drinks, the menu, though extensive, was nothing mind-blowing from what we sampled, but all was satisfying, tasty, and reliable, even for people who aren't crazy about Italian or seafood.

Especially given the late hour, the service was excellent, and our view of the waterway in the Venetian with the occasional serenading gondolier provided great atmosphere.
Zefferino's is just one of those places that I adore. Maybe it's because I'm obsessed with all things Italian, but I seriously look forward to eating here every time I'm in Vegas. 
The atmosphere in this place is incredible. The decor is so rich and romantic, and being able to overhear the gondoliers singing in the canal below really adds to the ambiance. 
But my real love for Zefferino's stems from the fact that they have superb food. I'm fairly certain that I've never been served a single thing that I didn't absolutely love. Okay, that's not true, there was this one petit four that was kinda wonky, but other than that everything has always been stellar, from the pasta, to the desserts, to the wines. If you eat at Zefferino's and don't absolutely love it, you may need to see a doctor because there may be something wrong with your palate.
What can I say?  I've only been to the bar area downstairs for dessert, light snack, drinks.  The service always great, which is rare for a strip restaurant, and so far the food I've had has been very good.  These are the reasons we keep going back.
The Beautiful Carin and I were in Las Vegas on business a couple of weeks ago and had a couple of free evenings. I am not much of a gambler (although Carin can put some time in at the Blackjack tables), but when dinner time rolled around I was able to get her join me (even though she was on a roll!  
We were at the Venetian and decide to eat there, at Zeffirino.
I guess things are little slow, because even without a reservation, we were seated immediately. 
They have a very nice bar and a good wine cellar (and some very nice "by the glass" selections.
We started with martini's (excellent, BTW). We shared a lobster/truffle ravioli special appetizer and Carin had Capon, stuffed with Prosciutto and black truffles, and I had Mediterranean Sea Bass.
Both were very good, the service was good (a little bit hovering, at times, but they were just trying to be nice), and the decor and ambiance were beautiful.
The only down checks for this place come from the fact that it's in a casino, so still that smell of cigarette smoke; almost $150 for the light dinner I just described (no dessert, BTW...we had late dessert at another place) and the sort of hovering service (I just don't need to have someone inquire if everything is "wonderful" after every second bite).
So, pretty good grub, but go on an expense account.
EXPENSIVE!!! The entire weekend in Vegas we were a group of 7 girls and each night the theme was " WoW this bill STILL isnt as much as it was at Zeffirino and the food was better". 
Honestly, the food was tasty but not worth $30 + for what you get. 
When you first walk in, its very pretty, nice patio, high ceilings and it overlooks the canal which people seem to like. We were seated on the second floor. It was like sitting in an arctic tunnel. So cold in there! We moved tables. We had a gracious waiter and the food came out fast. We each had only one dish, with good bread (olive oil and vinegar to dip into), and I think only waters were ordered. Maybe one or two glasses of wine. The bill was $380!!!! 
It was a bit cheesy and stuffy. Not a place for the young crowd. 

P.S. The bathrooms were SOOO Cute! You have your own sink in your own individual bathroom.
We have eaten here a couple of times over the last year, and it seems to be going down hill. The food used to be great, now it is just ok. Most recently, we ordered clams and mussels, and a marghertia-style pizza. The clams and mussels were rubbery, and the pizza dough was undercooked.

The staff was friendly, and the restaurant was cool, but not sure it is worth the money.
My friends and I took a short trip to vegas for the food and entertainment.  We visited several restaurants with either famous chefs or great reviews, and for some reason (cannot remember who recommended it) we also went to Zeffirino one night for dinner.

I arrived slightly early than everyone else and was ignored by the maitre'd as I stood in front of her, instead she walked to a small group of people eyeing the restaurant as they walk through the grand canal shops and started talking to them.  Eventually (after maybe 10-15 mins) I decided to enter on my own and sat down at the bar for a drink.  The maitre'd did not become more effective after my friend arrived and our group of 7 (or 8, i can't remember) was sat at a 5 men booth while there being only two other occupied table in the whole restaurant.  We mentioned the seat being "too cozy" and was not acknowledged.

After most of our drinks were served it took another 8 requests for my friend's "hot water" to reach the table for her tea bag.  Meanwhile, we realized that the menu was rather limited with plain pasta+marinara sauce being around $20.  The disaster is just about to begin...  as a group, we ordered 6 appetizers, 3 salads, and 6 entrees to share, but it was obvious that the staff at the restaurant felt that we were cheap for not ordering enough and their attitude was absolutely horrible.  First it was the over-cooked duck that the manager insist is done medium rare,

Manager,  "We DO NOT, and WILL NOT EVER serve duck cooked more than medium rare."
Us, "So how would you call this? (showing him the meat)"
Manager, "That is definitely more than well-done!"
Us, "and we asked for MEDIUM RARE"
Manager, "But We DO NOT, and WILL NOT EVER serve duck cooked more than medium rare"
Us, "Er..............."

Aside from the tea/hot-water problem, and the duck-problem, we seem unable to get the wait staff to provide us with the correct number of utensils throughout the whole meal.  Although they were not busy at all, with only two other tables being occupied in the restaurant, they had extreme difficulties being us 7 but not 4 forks and 7 but not 5 knifes.  The service was simply offensive.

All in all, it was a horrible experience, not a single dish was memorable.  The steak was average, all the pastas were at diner level (even Olive Garden makes better stuff), the salads were nothing more than what you can get at a college dinning hall and the appetizers were so not interesting I can't recall a single thing about them.

Don't go!!!!!
We had our rehearsal dinner at Zeffirino in the Venetian.  We found them on Yelp.  Thanks Yelps, my mother-in-law was very excited to read about the decor.  She loves everything Italian.  

We chose the 49.50 Menu for dinner.  
Appetizer - tomato and Mozzarella Awesome
Salad - Caesar basic white parts of lettuce, not at green as I'd like it.
Dinner - Chicken Marsala warm and moist, really good mushrooms.
My honey had homemade ravioli and it had that warm gooey homemade texture, that I like.  The sauce was basic marinara.  This can be a hit with the 12 year old's who are plain eaters.  The Salmon looked large, 12 ounces, I was jealous that I did not order it. They had a weird spinach muffin type cups that were a little odd, but tasted fine. 
They basically handle big parties and they are all about the speed and convenience of banquet parties.   

The banquet lady on the phone told me that she has house wine for about 40$.  So when the wine guy approached me.  I told him to give us the house wine.  He had a bit of confusion. You you need to pick your wine, they sent over the wine director (Thanks, Gary the wine guy ) I felt bad because I just picked the cheapest. I was not paying for the party but I had to kind of handle all of the plans. 

The red was some Italian grape I forget, it was OK. I'm a white drinker, so the Pinot Grigio was way better . The bottles ran about 32$ to 37$. 

We arrived late and we were waiting in the bar for the rest of our group.  My sister-in-law called and asked me to order a kid pasta for her three-year-old.  So I went to the hostess at the downstairs front door and she told me that we could order from the bartender.  The bartender told us that we had to order from our waiter upstairs.  
I went upstairs to tell the hostess that we needed a kid pasta ordered and we will have a screaming toddler arriving shortly.  She tells me we have been wondering where you were, your the first to check in, WHAT.  We checked in downstairs, a half hour ago?.  I don't understand the point of the hostess downstairs?    Lost one star for the teenage hostess that basically stands there and stares at you when you asks her questions like, "DO you have a kids Menu", and.... "Do I tell my family to follow the Canal Shoppes signs from the Valet or what are some of the signs they should follow"? I get no response. I had to find my own menu inside the door.  She just stared at me with, a look like why are you asking me for menu's and directions?

Just play it safe and valet your car in front of Venetian and go straight to the concierge on your right and they will give you a map with about fifteen turns and you still get a little lost.  Eventually you will get there.  

When my sister-in-law showed up, she saw a big party of 65 people walk in front of us. Also, because of the impending screams of a hungry three year old, she was ready to leave. We talked her into getting upstairs to the table, and 3 seconds later there was pasta in front of the hungry toddler. 
I don't think she realized that when you contract for a large party, you have to commit to a certain number of people and her dinner would have been charged. 

The service was impeccable, the food was warm and Delicious, the entertainment was so fun and the decor was absolutely beautiful.

The violinist guys hung out with us for a long time, I realized that our "Best man", was throwing down some cash.  They also had a couple guitarist a Roy Orbison looking guy, they were so cute.

The toddler had a fit and grandma took him to the bathroom.  Big couch in there, you have to see the water closet's. 
The servers brought the baby some ice cream into the bathroom. How sweet is that!!!

Zeffirino's caters to big parties, we got a little scared thinking we better hurry and order before that big party gets ahead of us.  The place is so huge we never even saw the big party and our service was fast,  I think we had about three or four servers all over us
Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always make at least one trip here for lunch; I love their 3 courses pre-fixes lunch menu, ranging from 19.95 to 24.95.  Meal is served on the personalized china from Germany specially made for the restaurant.  The food was nicely prepared, but I wish the service could be better though.  For the décor, the ambiance and the price, you really can't find anywhere else better to have lunch in Vegas.  I don't recommend the dinner pre-fixes though, since they are usually the same thing at lunch for half of the price.  Their restroom is really cute, like many commented, it's probably one of the best you'll find anywhere!
Excellent Food! We were in Vegas celebrating our Anniversary with family we all got something different and it was all very good. I got the steamed clams for an appetizer and the Seafood Risotto for my entree. SO delicous! My brother in law got the Veal and gave a taste it was very good. I cant remember what everyone else got because I was so into my own meal. Not to mention the awesome father and son on the violin. We appropriatly requested the theme to the Godfather and they kindly obliged. We had two bottles of wine that were very reasonably priced. We also purchased their CD. Great service, food and atmosphere!
I don't remember who I went with.
I don't remember why I was even there.
I don't remember what wine I had with my meal.
I don't remember what appetizers we got.....

All I remember are two things from that dinner.

1.  Sky was very blue in the Venetian.
2.  Veal chop @Zeffirino was probably one of the most finest entree I've ever had!!!

I couldn't really make out what was the exact content of the sauce on the veal chop, but it was fruit based.  Marriage between this incredible sauce and cooked to perfection quality veal was beyond belief.  I would really like to try other dishes at this restaurant, but since I don't get to go to Vegas often and cuz of this veal chop, I don't think I will get to taste anything else this crazy-noisy-fancy restaurant in the Venetian has to offer.
Perfect. 

We got to vegas at 7 and were starving. Both the wife an I were craving italian, so we asked to concierge for a recommendation. He recommended Zeffirino, and off we went.

We were given a nice table on the balcony with a view, and the sommelier promptly came over and helped us choose a bottle. We decided to order from the $39 full-dinner menu, both getting the Pomodoro and Mozzarella  for an appetizer (which was excellent). The pasta course (Paffutelli Zeffirino) was especially good. i ordered the Involtini di Pollo as an entree while my wife ordered the Lasagna. The portions were generous, and both dishes were great. The dessert that came afterwards was nice as well.

Overall, an extremely good value for a nice dinner in vegas.
Time after time, Zefferino's lays it out there.  Great ambiance, excellent service and tasty food.  I entertained some business folks there and needed to bring my family to check it out.  Traditional calamari and zucchini starters were perfectly fried, not greasy and the zesty and spicy tomato sauce was usable with everything, including the great bread.  Chilean Sea Bass in lemon dill was my entree choice and it melted in my mouth with exquisite flavor!  After reading about the history of pesto in their familia, I decided to try it with linguini and my wife tried it with fettucini, both were excellent, carry mints cause the garlic will linger for a long time.  My kids ordered the seafood linguini, I had to try it and it had just the right amount of thickness of sauce, not watery and not caked on and the seafood was also cooked perfectly firm but not chewy.  We skipped dessert to catch a show at the Wynn.  I'd give this place 5 stars for quality of food, but overall the price held me back.  A great choice for special occasions.
Went there and the food and service were good.
But I felt screwed when I saw a Pasta plate and they were charging $13.95 for it. I asked them if I could get the pasta plate and add Chicken and they said sure .....no problem.
Well... the bill came and they charged me $32 for just the Friggin Pasta.
I complained from the server to the Boss.
He was an Asian guy that said he'd payed over $32 for pasta before...
BF deal....
I said that I should have been told that it was going to be 32 and not 13 and it should have been my decision to spend $32.
It's a little short sited on there part.
The bill was $138 dollers.. 
Normally I would leave about a $35 tip on that amount.
I left them with no tip and saved the $35.
The only one that suffers is the poor waiter.
WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND ZEFFIRION'S .....IT'S A RIP-OFF!!!!!
Zeffirino claims to be a quintessential Venetian restaurant.  In reality, it is a quintessential Las Vegas restaurant, which happens to be located at the Venetian Hotel.  Zeffirino is so concerned with maintaining it's fake upscale, fake Italian image, that it almost forgets to pay attention to the food.  Yep, you heard me: the food is an afterthought here.  If you don't believe me, check out their website, which is dedicated to the decor more than the menu.

Don't get me wrong, the decor here is top notch.  Second floor dining with giant balcony windows, overlooking the hustle and bustle of the Grand Canal is very impressive.  The restaurant affords amazing people watching opportunities.  What could be better than watching hordes of beautifully dressed men and women parade on the "street" below you?  Before you even get to the second floor, you find yourself in a giant library on the first floor.  Antique furniture, a piano, vases - the place looks and smells like Ron Burgundy's apartment in Anchorman.  By the time you get to the second floor, you expect to have a dining experience of your life.

Our waiters definitely valued form over substance as well.  Clad in tuxedos and looking very refined, they evoked feelings of reverence and respect.  Sadly, I may have overestimated them.  I realize I was in Las Vegas and not particularly dressed up, but it was no excuse for snooty attitude and mild ambivalence.  I have a piece of advice for Mr. Waiter at Zeffirino's: don't just assume, OK?  I'll put up my food knowledge against yours any time, any day.  Your attitude was insulting and uncalled for, as was your inability to read people.  If you really had been a waiter for that long, you would have been able to recognize a knowledgeable customer. 

Now, on to the meal itself.  We had a $39 four-course prix fixe menu, which is what brought us out to Zeffirino in the first place.  As is the case in many restaurants, I had to ask for the prix fixe, since it wasn't brought out to us.  They did bring us bread, olive oil and olive spread, all of which we really enjoyed.  We asked for "more bread and more spread" a couple of times, and the busboy promptly brought it for us.

I started with a Caesar salad which wasn't exciting.  Perhaps, it's my fault for ordering a boring salad, but it definitely wasn't my fault said salad was really bland.  The second course was standard, a plate of ravioli.  The ravioli was prepared al dente, and was easily the best part of the entire meal.  My third course, chicken parmigiana, was pretty bland and very forgettable.  I swear, I've had better dishes at the Olive Garden.  Finally, the dessert course consisted of unlimited coffee or tea, as well as 3 tiny (size of a postage stamp) pieces of tiramisu, cheesecake and carrot cake.  As was the case with each of the courses, the presentation was great, but the food was barely aspiring to mediocrity. 

That said, any restaurant in Las Vegas that has a $39 prix fixe, welcomes walk-ins at 8 pm on a Saturday night, and gives you a table overlooking the upscale mall deserves at least 3 stars.  The next time I am hungry and reservation-less in Sin City, I might end up at Zeffirino again.
The bf and I were at the Venetian for a convention, we decided to take a break and headed over to the shops to sit down and take a break. We just happened to walk by Zeffrino, and headed to the bar. The decor is pretty nice in here, large bar area and some comfy lounge chairs too in a dimly lit environment, which can be useful in Vegas for several reasons! 

I want to say it was 2:00 or 3:00pm on Sunday, but the bartender said it was Happy Hour... if you SAY SO! I got my standard Cosmo, the bf a Bloody Mary, tasty and generous w/ the vodka ;)  They also offer little bowls of mini pretzels, an unexpected bonus. We sat there, relaxed, watched some pre-season football on their TVs and enjoyed. VERY reasonably priced, I think w/ my bf's second round, the bill came out to be less than $25. 

I didn't try the food, but after receiving great service here, I'll definitely come back for lunch or dinner next time I'm in Vegas.
We were staying at The Venetian and as part of our package received a coupon for this place.  That made me a bit skpetical but we heard good things and thought we should check it out.  WOW!  What a great dining experience from the food to the service to the view overlooking the canal and gondolas below.  We all had a different meal and everyone loved their dinner.  The wine list is extensive and the service was top notch.  The other interesting thing is that Zeffirino has probably one of the nicest, cleanest and most well-equipped bathrooms I have ever seen in a restaurant!  Seems weird to note this but they actually received an award for it.  I highly recommend Zeffirino for a lovely dining experience next time you are in Las Vegas!
After a long trek which seemed like 40 days and 40 nights from the Monte Carlo all the way to the Venetian, my friend and I were feening for a boughie brunch over at Bouchon only to be disappointed that they were closed.  At this point we were tired from all the walking, and our appetites only grew while being led through the maze that is the Venetian. 

Then we came across Zefferino's and noticed they had a great lunch special for 2/ $25 per person. Sold! For a pretty affordable restaurant it was quite empty and getting a rock star table to overlook the man made gondolas was easy breezy. 

As most people had mentioned in their reviews, they were a quite bit disappointed in the quality of food.  It's definitely above par but definitely wasn't the greatest Itallian food I've had in my life. In spite of that, I still loved it.  My chicken was juicy and beautifully seasoned and I ate the shit out of it. Sure, I was hungry, but I wouldn't have eaten anything that was nasty. 

What makes this establishment stand out is their friendly and attentive staff that waits on each of their guests hand and foot.  On top of that, the ambiance of the restaurant was private, dim, romantic, and dreamy.  While dining it didn't feel like I was in the middle of a busy shopping center/ hotel.  And of course, there's that pimp view that can't be beat.
Encapsulation: Okay Italian in a very pleasant setting.

Passing through the Palazzo, we were directed to the restaurant by a woman who appeared to be from the House of Medici - a surreal tableau common for Vegas, but exciting to the giddy hillbilly in me nonetheless.  

As with most things in Vegas these days, the place was empty, so we got catbird seat overlooking the perpetual dusk of the Venetian shopping mall, complete with singing gondoliers in the background.  It reminded me of the pleasant escape of that restaurant inside Pirates of the Caribbean: a calming respite from the noisy crowds just a few feet away.   The decor inside enhanced the elegant feel, with rich antique furniture and fixtures.  During the meal, musicians wandered from table to table, keeping us entertained.

I opted for the prix fixe dinner menu for $40, which opened with a so-so crusty bread and pleasant olive tapenade, followed by an okay plate of fried calimari, nicely flavored and textured ravioli, and an decent Chicken Marsala.  Dessert was a bit of a letdown, consisting of three bite-sized (for a very small-jawed creature, perhaps a diminutive early hominid, which, despite appearances,  I am not) and forgettable cakes.  I'm sure they would have been nicer than the petit fours in a Hickory Farms Christmas gift box, but I couldn't get a good taste of the damned things, they were so small.

I've breezed over the meal by design - the star of this place is the setting.  The only flaw in the movie set was a hole in the napkin.

Service was very good, with very little wait between courses.  Being part of the 5:00 pm senior citizen crowd, they waitstaff knew we were there to eat and were not going to keep us from the Murder She Wrote marathon starting at 6pm.

Would I return?  Probably not, with so many other otherworldly experiences in Vegas to try.
Bathroom is pretty!  Dont forget to check it out!  Lunch was only $20 and it was a full course... very good deal!..  The food was pretty good, i love pasta....
Tip:  They have a Price Fix menu and specials, but do not give you either menu.  Ask for it.  

After a few days of usual Vegas eateries and the card flippers outside (seriously... does that actually work?), we decided to have a nice quiet sit Italian dinner on our last night.  A friend picked this spot after walking around a bit.

At first glance, this is really a beautiful spot.  Great decor, nice views overlooking the grand canal, and a great spot overall.  That is where being impressed stopped though.

Vegas was still pretty busy, being this was the Monday after Super Bowl.  We had reservations, and had to wait for about 5 minutes before our table was ready.  Walking in though, there were barely any tables taken.  That made me scratch my head a bit, and I hate when they do that.

To the important part here... the food.  First off, they messed up my first Martini and put blue cheese olives in it (Blue Cheese is my kryptonite).  The next one they brought had ice chips (huge pet peeve).  Whatever... on to dinner.  The waiter recommended large apps for our large group (looking around at our massive table of 6 I was quite confused).  Whatever... if the others wanted it fine.  Calamari, cold cuts and mozz, etc.  They were good.  They better be... I didn't even want to look at what they charged for it all.  The $11 Caesar salad was pitiful.  For that price you sure as hell better be making it fresh tableside.  Obviously, it was not.  

As mentioned before, there is the Price Fix menu and a specials menu.  We definitely got some attitude when asking for it though.  It was becoming very clear why this place was not busy.  The economy still is not great, and this place is no deal.  For the main entrees, everything was good.  Maybe I just judge all Italian food by what I get in NYC... but this was really nothing special (especially considering the prices).  I had some ravioli, which for $29 the 12 small ravioli just were not worth it.  By the way, we did not order off the special menus obviously.

By this point I was done.  Again, nothing really offensive here but the prices.  A friend did order the tiramisu as he "had to have it", and afterwards regretted it (especially for the price), as it was some custard in a martini glass.  Very odd.  I think everyone enjoyed the meal though, but hell, I was the one paying for it.

My advice would be to save some money and try elsewhere.  The place is beautiful, and at  1/2 the price I would rate this as 4 stars easy.  But walking out around $100 per person with tax and tip just was not worth the money.  And one more thing that made me laugh... in the men's bathroom they had the attendant who was not there (but the bowl of tips was out).  What made me laugh more though was the cologne selection... a couple I never heard of, and then and Axe body spray.  REALLY people?  Axe body spray?
What an experience.  Our table of 9 had two autentic Italian hotties serving us, a wonderful serenading band around us and Rome-inspired delicacies. 

The missing star is due to the outrageous prices of the regular menu items and wines.  However, take into account it is Vegas.

I snacked on the Tenderloin Medalions and drifted off to Italian heaven.  The canoli is also worth noticing, mainly for it's beautiful presentation (sugar glass strands encased it), but also for the taste.

buona appetito!
Favoloso!  Most definitely my first thought when reminiscing on my Zeffirino visit recently.

We dined with a large group and you would have thought we were a group of two!  Zeffirino's staff is attentive and offer a WOW factor.  Anytime I thought of something, their staff seemed to have provided it already.

Service is key to making guests happy, but the food will get them to return.  And I'll definitely return!  The food was quickly brought to our table, well presented and flavorful.  I expected slow service for being a "high class" restaurant in Vegas and was thrilled when our menus were taken and food replaced them. 

Make sure to take a trip to the lou at Zeffirino.  It's not your typical restroom; each stall has separate stool and sink, with mouthwash added just in case.  And the attendant will happily open each door for you.
My girlfriend and I checked out this place for dinner as we were walking through the shops at the Venetian.  The place looks nice, with it's Italian style patio.  We were in a hurry so we decided to check it out.  Upon sitting, we looked at the menu and got our waters.  The menu looked good, and the wine list was extensive.  However, the wine was way overpriced.  We ordered a glass of wine each.  Both tasted terrible.  

So, on to dinner.  We had the seafood risotto and the spaghetti bolognese.  Bother were attrocious.  Neither of us to finished our plates.  We were less-than-stoked when the bill arrived.  We had spent $120 on a dinner that is worse than Bucca di Bepo.  Next time we're going to do some more research on restaurants.
This place is an overpriced attempt at Italian food. Poor service, stuck-up waiters, who never asked how the entrees were. Then the uppty waiter walked by and took my wifes' plate without asking if she was through.  That was our Valentines dinner. Then we talked to the manager, who stated that because of the recession they were understaffed and overworked. NOT OUR PROBLEM.  I will never go back.
Perfect from start to finish!  One of the best business meal experiences I've ever had.  Our waiter was authentic and had a great dry wit.  One of our guests is a vegan and asked for a "unique" dinner item off the menu and the Zeffirino team did not miss a beat - they gave our guest exactly what he asked for, even teasing him a bit in good nature.

The food, ambiance and personality of the staff made this a great experience.  This restaurant is ideal for everything from romantic dinners to large business functions.  The restaurant is very large but the design offers intimacy to each diner.  

The pricing is modestly expensive but still a good value given the exceptional food and experience.

The restaurant is tucked away in the Canal Shops, a short walk from The Pallazzo or Venetian.  Strongly recommended
Eight bucks for "natural water"? Need I say more? The service was all right. The food, ok, but tiny portions. I'm not a big eater at all and I went and got a snack right after we ate.
I wanted to try a high end brunch while in Vegas so it was between the Sterling Brunch and Zeffirino.  I chose Zeffirino because I was staying at the Palazzo and it was slightly cheaper then the Sterling Brunch.  The restaurant is in the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian.  The room itself is upstairs overlooking the Canal.  It has the feel of an Italian villa.

Like the Sterling Brunch, Zeffirino offers unlimited champagne.  I don't remember the brand but I frankly didn't care.  This brunch doesn't offer your typical breakfast fare but what they did offer was fine food with a decidedly Italian flair.  Offerings included a bunch of different cured meats, pastas, and all different  types of salads.  However the real reason I was there was for the unlimited lobster.  They were chilled whole lobsters split in half.  They weren't warm but they were still extremely tasty.  Other offerings included freshly shucked oysters and clams, P&D shrimp cocktail and lobster claws.  Other excellent offerings included Chateaubriand and lamb chops.  The sea bass was delicious as well as all the pasta offerings.  They do offer omelets made to order.  The accompaniments for the omelets are somewhat slim but what they did have was absolutely done right.  I ordered and spinach and onion omelet and it was fluffy and flavorful.  Desserts were ok.  Offerings seemed somewhat limited but in all honesty by the time I got to dessert, I could barely move I was so full.

Service was excellent from start to finish.  The wait staff made sure that your champagne glass was always filled to your desire as well as offering bloody marys.  Plates were cleared in a timely fashion and the wait staff was always there to fill your needs including taking oyster orders and omelet orders.  However they were not overbearing.  I was reading the Sunday NY Times and spent over 2 hours there but never felt rushed to leave.  Granted they weren't packed but they were very accommodating.

Overall an excellent experience.  Not for those looking for typical breakfast fare at brunch but it is for people who want a unique dining experience.
Beautiful old world-style space that reminded me of the real Venice in every way...including the overpriced and tasteless food. Portions were fairly small. I had a mixed green salad, which was passable, but not at all worth $11, and the lobster and scallops in some kind of tomato sauce, at $38. It was artfully arranged but the sauce was just rather plain tasting --- no depth at all. A tiny fork was provided for getting meat out of some of the lobster shell (some meat was pre-shelled) but the pieces with shell were soaked in sauce, making it impossible to use. As others have echoed, the service was snooty and unfeeling, though not exactly bad --- everything was served promptly. In general it felt overpriced and not worth the money. Go to Gaylord's instead.
This place had wonderful service! That's why I put 4 stars here, the service was outstanding and they always kept us happy, I believe I just had their fine dining lunch special and it was great, the dessert and coffee were a great mix, and I don't even drink coffee at all.
I've never been to any fine dining restaurants because they are often too expensive and you don't get your moneys worth.  However, a few vegas trips ago my friend recommended this place and their lunch special.  For like $20 you get a 3-4 course lunch and it tastes good and is filling.
Buonissimo!
Best lunch i ever had in Vegas. Gnocchi alla genovese out of this world. The view from the second floor dining room was nice. Very nice service.
I would like to rate 5 stars but the place is too noisy. Will definitely be back with earplugs.
UGH!!! So pissed after eating here. I don't know if it was who I went with or what but I was NOT feeling this food. I was so mad as I coughed up 30+ bucks and my chicken was dry and my mashed potatos were watery yulk!! I am not a fine dining person anyway but damn cheesecake factory has better Chicken Madera than this place cmon!! The ambiance and the service were great on a positive note. So I basically paid for ambiance. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder so I say check it out for yourself you may like it who knows!
Yummers!  Other than a few weddings I have only ever had cocktails and apps here, but yum!  With the piano and location it can be busy, get here early for happy hour.
A bit pricey at $175 for two but we did order a $65 bottle of wine--mostly because there weren't any that were much cheaper.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.  We both got pasta dishes off the specials menu and they were excellent.  Also got two salads that were good but a little small for the price ($11, I think).  My one complaint is that they ask "sparkling or natural" for water and if you say natural, they bring an $8 bottle of water.  Next time, I'll ask for tap!  The restaurant itself is very beautiful and has great ambience.
If I could give 10 stars for this place, I would. I make SURE to dine here every time I am in Vegas and make sure to recommend other friends do the same. I can only rate their 4 course lunch menu as that is normally what I have. Everything from the food, to the service is beyond amazing.  The apps included are the perfect size, my personal favorite is the seafood salad dish (can't remember what it's actually called). The Entree's have yet to let myself or anyone in my party down. I don't even like desert but the mini cakes that come with are to die for and ALWAYS have me both wanting more and feeling greatful they only give you  mini ones (girls gotta fit into her Vegas hoe-wear after all). Finally, the coffee, absolutely delectable. I have yet to encounter a dish, or an employee here that I haven't been 100% pleased and can't wait to visit again next month.
Fettuccine al Granchio, Astice e Gamberi: Homemade fettuccine with crab, lobster, and shrimp with a touch of tomato sauce, $38
-Wow, this was excellent. Fresh seafood, fresh tasty sauce, fresh pasta. Pricey, but absolutely delicious.

Tiramisu, $12
-They serve a small portion in this cone-shaped glass and it was some of the best tiramisu I've ever had. Perfectly soaked lady fingers, not too sweet, light and airy mascarpone and Zabaglione. Would have liked more tiramisu, but the quality is excellent!
-My mom got the Chocolate Mousse and that was excellent as well.

Decor is very nice and overlooks the Venetian "canal." Romantic setting, with fiddlers playing in the background. You can ask them to play any tune you want (for a tip, of course); they even know the Chinese butterfly concerto! Prices are steep, but what do you expect from Vegas? Quality is excellent.
Ohhh this place is soooo good. Had an interview in the Venetian and wanted to find a quiet place to do some work and eat a nice lunch beforehand, and was immediately drawn to their $19.95 three-course lunch special that served vegetarian dishes. I was intrigued, and I went in to enjoy a pricey lunch. 

Pricey, but worth it most definitely. I was taken to the second floor and sat myself in a more well-lit corner. The decor was so pretty and very classy but still had a comfortable quality to it. 

I had some of the best service I have ever received from a restaurant here. They weren't particularly busy, but even after I paid my check they kept coming back to ask if I wanted fresh hot water for my tea. Superb service where I did not have to ask for anything, and they actually went above and beyond. 

For my first course I had the soup of the day, which was a vegan lentil soup. It was a sizable portion and was very good, and I scarfed it down more quickly than intended. 

My second course I savored every little bite. I ordered cheese ravioli in a fettuccine sauce with truffle oil. The truffle oil in this dish really took it over the top, in a good way. The mix of cheesy flavors with that hint of truffle oil is absolutely divine. It's not a huge dish, but it does satiate you well enough. 

The final course I had hot organic mint tea with three little pastries. I don't know what they were really but they were like little bites of heaven! One was a tiny nut brownie, the other was some sort of soft, chocolate ball of deliciousness, and the last one was a cup of maybe custard with a strawberry on top with strawberry sauce on the plate. SO good. 

The service, the ambiance, the food, even the bathrooms - all swanky and amazing. (Seriously, they have mouthwash in the bathrooms with your own personal sink and vanity. Way cool!) When I get a job I will definitely be back here. This is a lunch you don't plow through even though they do pace it very nicely. This is something to savor and take your time with, and enjoy conversation while overhearing the gondola singers below. Romantic and wonderful, and I felt like I was in Europe and not on the Vegas strip. A+ all around, I will definitely be back to enjoy another afternoon of pure bliss at Zeffirino.
This is a review of their lunch prix fixe menu.

The Skinny: small serving sizes, unappetizing entrees - I've had better chicken parm out of the frozen food aisle (2) service - subpar - I have to ding them for not disclosing the additional cost of soda refills (2) value - 2 small glasses (@ maybe 1/4 a can at most per serving) of diet pepsi $6, plus poor entrees for $20 = (1).

We came here for lunch as we were perusing the uber-expensive shops at the Venetian and Palazzo. Overlooking the faux St.Marks, the decor in this restaurant is wonderful. Love the mosaics, the luxurious bathroom, and the tapestries on the wall. If only the food and service could live up to the ambience.

The bread service was okay - some pieces were dried out from being pre-cut for too long. The bread was served cold and with pads of butter which is an odd pairing considering you're at an Italian restaurant (balsamic and oil, please!)

My hubby and I ordered the caesar salad, the mixed fried calamari and zucchini, the chicken parm with linguine and the cheese ravioli alfredo with truffle oil.

When the waiter wheeled out our food covered in cheap stainless steel domes from room service, I knew we were in trouble.

The lettuce in the caesar was wilted from sitting in the dressing for too long. It was too mayonaise-y and loaded with stale croutons. My husbands fried calamari and zucchini was not much better - greasy, soggy with a poor batter.

I was surprised at how bad my chicken parmigiana was. The batter was not crispy at all while the breast meat was dry. I'm serious - I've had frozen chicken parm that was better. The linguine was okay but too heavy on the marinara.

Cheese ravioli was poor - the layer being too thick and the ricotta totally one note. It's very similar to the fresh pasta you can get from the supermarket. The pasta was swimming in the alfredo sauce which was okay but not fantastic (even with the truffle oil). Serving size is very small considering the cost of the entree (see the pics - four supermarket sized ravioli).

Dessert was served - a strawberry mousse with some sort of ?pistachio cake, a chocolate brownie, and a small fruit tart. None of these items are worth a return visit for.

Finally, a word of warning. I ordered a Diet Pepsi along with my lunch. Later on in the meal, the waiter asked if I wanted a refill. Seeing as how my glass totally filled with ice and would contain maybe 50 cc. of soda, I agreed. He did not disclose that the refill would cost an additional $3, plus the soda did not arrive until dessert (he asked if I wanted a refill with the starters).

So due to the service issues and the lackluster level of cuisine, this place gets a 2 star rating.
Zeffirino's/TiaTorreto was easily the best meal I had in Vegas.  Ate here for dinner with the hubbs.  I had the salmon and he had the lasagna.  Both were absolutely DEELISH.  I couldn't decide which plate to eat from.  Also had a couple glasses of vino which complimented the meal perfectly.  The hubbs had a chai tea which he raved about.  I'm not a fan, so I didn't bother to taste.  Service was A+.  If you're near the Venetian, check it out! You won't be disappointed!!
Zeffirino was okay to me, the atmosphere and decor was beautiful, overlooking the Venetian Hotel canal, but you definitely are charged a pretty penny for it.  Food was just okay-- there is a "Special" menu and has items under $20.00/plate that are good, but you have to be choosy. The grilled seabass was definitely the best way to go, comes with steamed broccoli and a nice piece of fish. The ragu on the ravioli looked just like that... Ragu. $17.00 for 4. Okay, but i'll pass. Had better at Trader Joe's.  

If you want good Italian, your better bet would be Maggiano's, the menu is more extensive and tasted better for the cost, but again, the location is definitley what you are paying for at Zeffirino.
Neat little place in the middle of the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian. Nothing special, but they have great HH food specials. I just had some calamari and a glass of water. I sat in the bar area and the bartender was very nice and chatty. I looked at the menu, and it was a little pricey for stuff that didn't seem all that great.
It was expensive, pretentious and just a fair meal.  There were 6 of us and every dinner ordered the waiter said "oh that is the best one" - it was heavy and presentation was just ok.  I preferred Olives at the Belagio, Mesa Grill at Cesears, Lupos at Mandalay Bay and Nuvos at the Palms.
this place was just not good. I give it 2 stars for the decor and bread. First off, the food is expensive and you do not get what you paid for. I ordered a pasta dish with tomato sauce and diced up buffalo mozzarella. I knew i ordered a plain dish since i was in the mood for simplicity, however the dish wasnt great. It was too plain, no flavor what so ever. $27 for a dish you didnt even enjoy is a waste. Overall, I was just not impressed with this restaurant.
Thanks Yelp!  Without the reviews, my bf and I wouldn't have stopped here.  Great atmosphere sitting up on the balcony overlooking the gondola ride and canal.  We came around 3:30pm and were seated right away.  Bread was good - hot out of the oven.  We both ordered off the prix fix menu for $19.95 each and were SO happy with our meals.  I was psyched to learn that they had one of my favorite Rieslings by the glass (2003 Dr. Loosen) for only $5.  Our server Georgio said they recently won an award for their caesar salad and I found out why.  It was creamy, not overly garlicky like most are.  I've never been so excited about a salad.  I had the cheese ravioli as my main course and it was fantastic.  The flavor of the truffles came through very well without being over-powering.  The service was attentive and Georgio went above and beyond and made it a very pleasant visit. The bathrooms were clean and had their own sink inside each stall.  We are going back here again this week - can't recommend it enough!
I can't say we(the boyfriend and I) picked this place for any particular reason other than location. We stayed at the Venetian, and it was the restaurant directly outside our elevator. I was starving and it was right there! So we walked up to the hostess with no reservation and were promptly seated. We had to take an elevator to the 2nd floor and were sat by the open wall/window (we're on the first floor of a hotel and the 2nd floor of the restaurant - inside yet sitting on a "patio" with a view of the outside? Only in Vegas). We had a really nice view of the canal and gondola rides. We ordered the prix fixe dinner and it was delicious. All small portions but enough that you walk out completely satisfied but not to the point you can't walk because your  bursting at the seams. The waiter recommended a Merlot with my meal, that I really enjoyed. My favorite was the asparagus soup and pesto raviolis, the fried calamari was really good too. It came with dessert and coffee, the dessert could have been larger but oh well. They were like 4 teeny little bite size pieces. Overall they had great service, great food, great atmosphere. Super romantic and relaxing, a nice escape from the hectic Vegas we all know.
11/04/2009: My boyfriend & I had a great experience. This place is unique because it is completely inside, however it has a great view of the Venetian canals & it really feels like you are eating out on a veranda in Venice!! I also loved the violinist that played for us.
The service and ambiance here alone warrants a 5 star review.  the whole time I had been in Vegas with my family we had been drawing odd glances from restaurant staff because we were always talking in 3 languages.  we get here and both of the waiters that helped us spoke english, spanish, and italian, which made the group feel right at home.  Great wine recommendations, pesto pasta was delicious.  To be perfectly honest this wasn't the best Italian food I've had, but I would certainly rank it highly among places I've been outside of Italy. This place doesn't try and pretend to be top notch luxury fine dining.  It's professional and elegant while retaining a warm and sincere feel of Italian hospitality.  Totally forgot to add that there is a great cocktail bar downstairs too.  Drop in if youre in Vegas!
The interiors are beautiful, wine is great, the soup was excellent but not many vegetarian options. That disappointed me. On the whole as far as the entree is concerned I have had better Italian!! :(
For a $400 dinner for four, I expect service to be pretty remarkable. Yet service at this overrated, on-the-canal-in-the-Venetian restaurant was so inattentive it was nonexistent. 

Our starters arrived before our cocktails. 
Our wine arrived halfway through our dinners (I believe he forgot it.)
Our check didn't arrive until we flagged down our waiter.

The food? All right. I live in Chicago - a city with hundreds of palate-pleasing eateries - and I've had better Italian down the road from my apartment. The standout was the caprese salad - the mozzarella had an almost air-like mouthfeel. Very nice. Other than that - overpriced seafood (shrimp and lobster) that bordered on chewy and bland. 

Many people rave about Zeffirino's lunch prix fixe menu - if that's where the value and experience lay, then so be it. But for dinner - I wouldn't take anyone back here. I've had better service at a Denny's.
Awful.

7 of us ate dinner there last weekend. You'd think an Italian restaurant that charges these prices would be able to cook pasta properly, alas no.

Like a lot of Vegas, the food and service just can't justify the premium prices charged.

The glowing reviews others have written here amaze me.
How difficult can it be to cook Italian - especially at the Venetian of all places? well the answer is apparently VERY difficult.
I can only speak for myself - out of a table of seven, but Im sure you'll find similar comments from those that ate there with me.
The antipasta was Ok - Throw on a few olives, add a touch of ham and Mozzerrella for authenticity, and wait for it - here is a top tip in order for you to charge tripple what the average Joe restaurant would charge - serve it on a silver platter.
For the main course i waited in anticipation of Linguine Gamberi....I wish I had continued to wait. Insipid, tasteless, and overpriced - twenty seven bucks to boil some pasta and reheat a watery tomato sauce. Whats more the scallops were, if Im not mistaken, frozen and reheated - no colourisation, nothing. No seasoning - awful.  Thank god for the overpriced drinks so I could drink myself into oblivion and pretend that this was but a nightmare.
One plus point - hence the star - is the interior - but what would you expect in Vegas. Summary, all show no substance
Don't be confused by the menus posted out front... those are for the ground-level restaurant, and upstairs is a different (and more expensive) joint.

It's a pricey place, but there are some reasonable "specials," which are affordable and PLENTY big enough for a full meal (don't let the waiter tell you otherwise - ours made them sound like tiny appetizers, but they were LARGE pasta plates).

Food is good but nothing spectacular.  Atmosphere... well, the same.  Though the tables overlooking the canal looked nice.
This restaurant is located in the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian. Me and my friends happened to be hungry and passed by to see a cheap lunch menu and decided to try this place out.

Ended up they don't have specials and tried to gouge money from us. One of my gullible friend fell for the water trap of having natural water costing $8 for each bottle and they brought us a few bottles.

Despite this, the lunch set menu is worth the try as the food quality was good and the deco within the store is amazing. I had a good experience overall and appreciated the dining experience.
OMG. Last nights dinner at Zeffirino's was one of my top 5 dinners ever. It hit on all cylinders - Service, quality, atmosphere, unique, wine list, etc. (see photo's on my profile)

It was just the 2 of us and we ran across this place while wandering around the canal shops at the Venetian around noon. We asked to take a look inside prior to making a dinner reservation and fell in love with the atmosphere upstairs. We made a reservation and requested a table overlooking the canal but they could not guarantee it. We came back at 6. 

We checked in and made our way upstairs. The anticipation for a canal side table was giving me butterflies as they led us to our table......TA DA sitting on the railing upstairs overlooking the canal. 

Now the important part - Time to deliver. Our waiter was Ben (assisted by 3 others) he helped pick out a nice wine (my requirements were Italian Red, bold, unique and under $100) He consulted with 2 others and they came back with a very nice Sangiovanese(?) reserve for $75. It was deelish! 
We went with the calamari appetizer - very good. 

Did I mention we were overlooking the canal. It was soooo romantic. We have been married 23 years and both loved the setting, the sounds of the singers drifting up, the view.......Very special. 

The service was attentive and prompt. Our waiter asked us our likes and dislikes and made suggestions and we went with it. 

My wife had the Sea Bass and I had a seafood pasta dish. The presentation of each meal was great. The sea bass arrived on a plate with half a lobster (in shell) tucked behind it. We did not know this when ordering and thought they brought out the wrong dish but there was the sea bass sitting in front under a topping of thinly sliced leeks. My dish was a split lobster (in shell) with a pile of linguine noodles in the middle, topped with scallop, shrimp,clams, mussels and other goodies. (see photos on my profile). 

No dessert, too full. 

Everything was great. I sum it up this way - Would I go back? YES! 

The good - Atmosphere, service, wine, food, selection, overall experience. 
The bad - only 1 scallop on my dish, prices a touch high but worth it.
Went here for a birthday dinner during a girls only weekend in Vegas. What a perfect place to go to with a bunch of girls surrounded by cute servers and bus boys! 

The menu is in Italian with English descriptions of the meals. You really have to take your time to read it (unless of course you can read and understand Italian). The portion sizes are large enough for sharing which is perfect for keeping a high cost meal on the cheaper side.

The whole experience and food was great but if I'm back in Vegas, and craving Italian, I'll explore my options a lot more.
We started the meal off with salad. The only time I get to eat seafood is when we go out, so of course I ordered the Salmon. Yum :) I cant remember what my hubby got, I think he got the chicken marsala, but he liked his food, and my siste-in-law got the chicken marsala too, although I cant remember what everyone else got, everyone was satisfied. A little on the pricey side, but it was good. We ended up sitting in the so-called "patio" area that was overlooking the grand canal. We ended up going on the gondola ride after dinner, so it worked out pretty good :) I love Vegas... theres always a little bit of everything!
The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous! The decor was breathtaking and very romantic. We had a party of 20 people and sat upstairs but unfortunately not near the canal. The service was exceptional! The Italian pinot grigio kept flowing. The waiters were readily available to answer questions and overall super attentive. 

The appetizers: calamari, caprese salad and Affettato di Salumi Misti were all delicious. For the entree I had the homemade saffron pasta with lobster. I was a bit disappointed with the dish because the lobster was over cooked. The homemade pastas are all highly recommended. We pre-ordered a cake for the celebration and it was an Italian cake with strawberry mousse filling. 

I was very impressed by the service given that we had such a large party. I will definitely consider coming back to this restaurant.
Over priced. The only cool part was the location of the restaurant. If the Olive Garden is the best Italian restaurant in your home town, then you will probably think this is the best place you have ever been too. If you do not want to deal with off the boat Italian servers who give you bad service and complain (right in front of you) when you give them a 20% tip, then go somewhere better.
The ambience was awesome and the seafood entree was too good. Definitely recommend this place.
Excellent top notch restaurant!!   Delicious food, huge portions, beautiful ambiance inside the venetian hotel .... you'll definitely get your money's worth.  My favorite restaurant in las vegas.  Loved it!!!
We had just lot a lot of money at the Venetian and were looking for a cheapish place to eat. We accidently walked into this restaurant thinking it was the place next door. And it was FANTASTIC. We had the complete meal with the Sea Bass and prime rib.. both were very very good. The pasta dish was Ravioli stuffed with veal and fruit with a pesto sauce.
We had a great experience. The food tasted great, the service was on point and the prices were very reasonable. The restaurant is lovely, this is a very romantic spot. You can request to be seated by the canal where you can see and hear the gondoliers singing to their passengers. 

The ordered from the lunch menu - appetizer or salad, entree and dessert and coffee for $22.99. 
We had the: 
-Calamari and fried zucchini- very good 
-Beef carpaccio- nice but could have had a more flavor 
-Veal ravioli - very good 
-Beef medallions with vegetables and polenta - FABULOUS! The beef was very tender, everything on that plate was absolutely delicious. 
-Assorted desserts, served with coffee. 

We loved being there and enjoyed the food. It was a great deal and we were very satisfied with the food and service.
The decor was beautiful, so romantic with intimate lighting, gorgeous wood panels, flowers, etc. We really wanted to be able to sit at the edge of the second floor to see the canal, but those tables only sat two and we were a larger group. I got the Purple Passion to drink and it basically tasted like a grape ice pop with vodka, which wasn't bad but not really my favorite drink in the world.

I split the fettuccine al granchio ($42) with crabmeat, shrimp, and a half 1 1/2 lb lobster and it was delicious. Definitely tasted like homemade pasta and the portion was perfect to split for two people that weren't that hungry. I feel the pricing for everything (fish, meat) were very reasonable, but the pastas were a bit on the expensive side. The dessert was AMAZING! I ordered the Affogato which is vanilla ice cream with espresso, and it was definitely the most delicate "coffee ice cream" I've had...it was to die for.

The service here was very good and they were all pretty much Italian which made the place seem more authentic. 

con- It took a bit of a journey to find the bathroom, and beware that the doors are really heavy.
Very disappointing.  Our group of four ordered salads, tofu ravioli, seafood linguine and seafood risotto.  OK at best.  Nothing was actually good and it was fairly expensive.  I don't know how this place stays in business.  I suppose people like the location and the old look and feel, but I will certainly not be back.
Waiter was very attentive and service was generally very good.  I am NOT a "foodie" and, as such, am rarely disappointed with a meal; however, this was an unexpected exception.  Perched overlooking the grand canal, Zeffirino has so much potential to be a pleasantly memorable experience.  Unfortunately for a place that will run you at least $150 for two people, the food is shockingly bad.  My wife had the half lobster and seafood entree the waiter exuberantly recommended and I went for their dinner set.  In both cases presentation was acceptable but certainly poorer than you would expect.  The food itself, unfortunately, was about what you would expect from a low budget casino buffet....dried-out and seemingly more than a day old.  Maybe we just caught them at a bad time (7pm on a Sunday) but you just really don't expect a place like this to have days this bad.  I am not sure how they stay in business, but have to assume it's only because, like me, the unique location makes many people willing to ignore the bad food reviews.  With so many excellent restaurants to choose from in Vegas, I definitely will not be returning here.
We had a private dinner party here and I would say the ambiance was the best part of Zeffrino. Perhaps, the restaurant is understaffed, but it was reallllllyyyyyyy ssssssssslllllooooooowwwwww! So slow, I thought I'd never get out. Dinner took 3.5 hours! Yikes, but it kept me out of the casinos! 

The food was ok, not great, not bad....just, ok. All in all, a very average experience.
BEWARE!!! Don't let the the perfect setting & restaurant decor fool you..... The service was very slow. Their attitudes were very snobbish & rude.
The food was inedible.

My Boyfriend ordered.
-Calamari & fried zucchini (Calamari was very fishy)
-Ravioli (was only so so rather dry-tasted frozen. )

I ordered.
-Caeser salad(I knew I was in trouble when I took one bite & pushed the plate away. I mean really how can any restaurant mess up a caeser salad baffled me.)
 -Beef tenderloin w/mushrooms, green beans & polenta(Beef was very tender but also tasteless. -Polenta tasted like flavorless baby food-I didn't even bother to try the green beans)

Finally the servers gave us extreme attitudes when we decided to take our deserts to go (We really just wanted to get out of there after being there for hours.) On our way out thinking of the treatment an the atrocious meal we just had. We reached the nearest trash can beyond the restaurant doors & trashed the deserts.(To afraid to taste them)

I'm astounded that this restaurant has the audacity to charge $44 dollars a plate & serve the quality of cafeteria food.
Lunch prices were very high for the quantity and quality of food provided.  Pasta with Marinara was bland.  The "Sea Bass" was a very small fillet, looked to be tilapia.  Double charged for the "meat and cheese" appetizer, it was a few shavings of prosciutto, pieces of cheese, and a few olives - not $30 worth.  Keep walking and find another place to eat.  PF Changs was actually the best quality meal we had on this trip to Vegas.
On the way to the airport I stopped here to have my "normal" italian healthy meal -- meat sauce and spinich -- wow it was sooooo good, - loved this place...and had a great server
Zeffirino is pretty major.  We only had about 30 minutes to eat before we had to catch The Lion King (which was also pretty major).  Our server was speedy and lovely and authentically Italian, which is always appreciated having actual Italian people working at an Italian restaurant.
They have a great Thanksgiving buffet. Here are some of the offerings from last year: 

* Roasted suckling pig is roasted to perfection, juicy and succulent. The best part is the crispy skin! 
* Rare roast beef is cooked to perfection and sliced thin. It's juicy and so tender. Put this in a baguette with some sliced provolone and you would have the perfect roast beef sandwich! 
* The baked salmon is amazing! It has whole garlic cloves tucked into the fillet so the flavor is quite intense yet still a perfect pairing with the fatty salmon.
* Raviolis bathing in a pesto cream sauce are cooked al dente and the pesto cream sauce is outrageous! It's packed full of flavor and will not disappoint.
* A tray of thinly sliced meats like prosciutto and salami glisten with fatty goodness. The cured flavors are on mark and are excellent.
* Carved filet mignon with marsala mushroom sauce is cooked to a perfect rare to medium-rare and so tender you can cut it with a butter knife.
* Thinly sliced smoked salmon is tender and melts in your mouth like butter. The red onion and capers are the perfect pairing giving it a balanced flavor.
* Antipasto bar with marinated porcini and portobello mushrooms are fabulous and work well with the sliced cured meats.
* Dessert, dessert! Homemade tiramisu is to die for! It's decadent, creamy, and just the right amount of espresso flavor. Mini fruit tarts with zabaglione custard inside and mini cakes are like little works of art.

Thumbs up, way up!
A Nightmare on Thanksgiving!!!! Posted rate of 39.95 for Buffett. The when you get there were charged $21 for glasses of water that we had to flag someone down to get! No one ever waited on us and our table of four was charged an 18% gratuity!! We could not have been more disappointed and felt very taken advantage of.
I had the linguine alla sorrentina. Delicious! When you get upstairs it feels like you're walking for forever to get to your table. But once you're there, it's a beautiful view of the Grand Canal below. Be prepared to hear the great and not so good gondoliers as they row by. Being closer to the ceiling you're closer to the sound bouncing off the ceiling. But the food was delicious! If you order ravioli, be prepared to only receive 6.
This place is a great respite from the buffet lines and huge steaks served at the many high end joints on the strip.
The standard menu was on the pricey side, but they were offering a prix fixe option for about $45 that the four of us decided to try.

Once we made our way upstairs, we were presented with menus, but no mention was made of the $45 option and the leaflet was nowhere to be seen.  When we inquired, the waiter sighed and brought it out.  I guess they think you will forget about it, as you make the trek upstairs to the dining room.

The portions we were served were a bit on the small side, but for the price it seemed fair.  Well my portion of the beef was the smallest of the three ordered, but I could use a little cutting back from time to time.
The soup (squash, i think) was ok, but everyone else raved about their salads and the mozzarella tomato salad.

We also ordered a side of broccoli, which I guess threw them for a loop, as our entrees were served and the side was not.  We reminded them, but by the time it was prepared, we were basically done with the entrees.  I did mention that the portions are small, so five bites of the beef and it was gone.

Desert are basically some petit fours with coffee, which again is not going to fill you up, but were very good.

Overall, the food here was very good, even though the prix fixe meal will not fill you up if you are hungry and/or skipped lunch.

About a 3-4 star place, I went with 4 for the price and ambiance of the place.
I've found that the mark of a good Italian restaurant is how well they make you a spaghetti bolognese. It seems to be the simplest of Italian dishes that encompasses everything good about Italian food. A well done pasta and a tasty meat sauce that is spiced just right - something basic that mama teaches you.I know - it's a stupid rule but one that has worked for me nonetheless.  

My bolognese at this joint came in lumpy and absent of taste. The waitstaff take their time to get to you (and it wasn't busy at all) unless they are bringing you the cheque. My wife ordered the veal and it was overdone. We had a third person in our party that ordered a eggplant parm (which is pretty much the only vegetarian thing they had)  - and that was done relatively well. 

I can see the charm in wanting to eat here - but it's just not worth the price in my humble estimation. I've eaten good Italian food in Italy, NYC, Philadelphia and L.A. I am yet to find a place that matches that definition in Las Vegas.
Went for lunch.   We both ordered the pre-fix lunch menu and everything we ate was amazing!  Service is a bit slow.
The hostess sitting at the desk at the top of the stairs should not wear a skirt ;)
And what's up with no photos allowed without management approval?  It's not the Sistine Chapel!
Portions are dainty but the food was great - lasagna and chicken Marsala.  Our meal was free so I can't compare value. Nice balcony view of shops.
The ambiance is pretty cool here (although it can get loud if crowded). The service was nice and friendly. Prices were a bit high, but nothing too unexpected. We ordered the sea bass and it came whole (head and everything) - which was a bit of a surprise, but the waiter offered to clean it for us. Oh, and the free bread was a bit too toasted, and somewhat hard to eat. Overall - meh.
Won't go back again! VERY disappointed

Made a business dinner reservation for 4 at 7pm during CES.
Not unlike many airlines, they clearly over-booked, because we didn't get a table until 8:40pm (while watching many much larger parties get seated before us), and only after much complaining, and then for me to actually walk upstairs to find an open table, and then to tell the door staff about it!

In the meantime, one of my key business contacts LEFT. That's right, the wait as SO long that they had to leave!! 
I was LIVID, but the girl at the front door didn't seem to empathize with me, or the many others who were as pissed as i was.

When the remainder of our party finally got seated, service was slow.
The 3 of us ordered the Sea Bass with the Lobster. Mediocre at best! :(
Sea Bass was over-cooked, and everything was slathered in a rose tomato sauce tht would have been better suited on a linguine dish. It just seemed cheap for the $40 pricetag.

I will caveat this by saying the Lounge (bar) staff were very gracious, and tried to make amends for the misfortune. But I was already too jaded & upset for it to matter.

Again, I will NOT go here again !!!
Service was really slow to start. Took a long time before we even got water. Once we ordered, our meals arrived less than 5 minutes after we ordered. I had a lobster pasta and my friend had a variation of spaghetti. No way that was cooked fresh to order. We both took a bite and immediately realized that the food tasted like it came out of a can. The pasta was inedible. The lobster was overcooked and gross. Neither of us could eat our meals so we notified the manager. He asked if we wanted to switch to something else and we declined. Who would want to? We got up to leave and he stopped us and forced us to pay for a bottle of water and glass of wine that we didn't get to drink because we had no meal for it to go with. Seriously? You serve us inedible food and then force us to pay for the beverages we didn't drink? Unforgivable.
Nice place.
Mixed review: we came here for late night happy hour and the drinks were great for half price. Waitress was friendly.  Ordered a mini pizza from the happy hour appetizers and it was awful! Then the waiter said the crust was supposed to be soft (under cooked). Oh. Right. Yeah. I have eaten pizza in New York and New Haven and Paris. This was my first crust like that. I think I know raw dough when I see it.  He brought us slices instead, which was very nice.
It was an late evening dinner. The service had a slow start but once the food service began it was great. I went with the pre-fixed menu to get a taste of everything and it was well worth the $45 cost.
I researched all the restaurants in the Venetian/Palazzo campus for this dinner because it was our anniversary dinner and I wanted to surprise my husband with a show (Jersey Boys - FAB!) and dinner. I settled on Zeffirino's because of their menu and the ability to sit at the balcony over the "canal". 

Right off the bat, we were not happy with the hostess who seemed to be in conversation with 4 somewhat tipsy and loud ladies. We stood at the podium for a few minutes, not sure really WHO the hostess was until I called out into the room to ask if anyone was manning the post. The hostess broke away from the women and finally showed us how to get upstairs. 

That being said, once we were upstairs, everything smoothed out. We were seated at the balcony where I had requested in the reservation, and we had two excellent wait staff working with us. There were a couple of mistakes made with my order, but they were so gracious and quick to correct that I wasn't even inclined to get huffy about it. The food was delicious, there were strolling musicians and as the place started to fill up, the atmosphere was one of warm family camraderie. We very much enjoyed our meal and our experience at this restaurant.
My boyfriend took me here as our night out in Vegas. They had a pre-established 5 course meal that took us 3 hours to work through and it was just a fantastic dining experience. The backdrop of the Venetian's gondolas and sky! Just magical!
The people who complain about the "slow service" here are nuts. Who goes to Zefferino's for quick service? If you want fast service, go to IHOP or some non-descript food court. Zefferino's is about the atmosphere (excellent) and the food and wine (excellent). If you go here with someone whose company you don't enjoy, I can see why fast service would be important. 

The food is superb with very large portions (almost too big, really...I totally overindulged). For the quality, it is not overpriced. There's table music. The violinist and guitarist were outstanding, adding *even* more beauty to the ambience. We have been to Venice. I know The Venetian is just a big film set with an amazing sky, but this restaurant took us back to Venice. 

The wait staff were outstanding. Never intrusive, but friendly and helpful. Extremely professional. 

This is a great place to go, whether for a date night, special occasion, or an outing with a group of friends. We went with guests from the UK, and they loved it. 

I don't give out 5 stars lightly, but I cannot think of a single reason to knock a star off. Zefferino's is an outstanding and unique fine dining establishment. I'm looking forward to sharing it with friends again soon. 

Go to Zefferino's...it's the Italian shiz! :)

(The tiramisu was delicious, but I think next time I will forego dessert and have gelato in St Mark's Square)
I have been here a few times after being introduced to the restaurant from my Italian friend.  After my trip to Italy, I know what real Italian food tastes like so I hope I am a good judge of Italian food.  Yes it is pricey, so I would reserve this place for your significant other.

The food here is very authentic.  For an appetizer, I recommend the sliced italian cold cuts with black olives, cheese and bell peppers and Prosciutto di San Daniele con Melone ($20).  I have also had the Seitan carpaccio with shaved parmigiano, rucola sprouts, extra virgin olive oil Gamberi (shrimp) al Vapore ($16) and the Ostriche (oysters,. $14.95 for a 1/2 dozen and $24.95 for a dozen.  For larger parties, I recommend the mixed seafood platter: 10 oysters, 4 clams, 6 shrimp, 1 1/2 lb. lobster, 4 king crab legs ($90).

Entrees:   I have had the baccala, Pan seared black cod with extra virgin olive oil, dried porcini mushrooms, garlic, parsley, anchovies, white wine and lemon juice Zuppa d'Astice, Riso Nero, Pomodoro e Curcuma ($30), the spigola, Grilled whole mediterranean sea bass served with garlic, extra virgin olive oil, oregano, lemon juice and parsley sauce (very simple, $38), one of the specialties of the house, a 1 1/2 lb. lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and scallops served over linguine in a spicy tomato sauce and fettuccine sauteed with crabmeat, half of a 1 1/2 lb. lobster, and shrimp with a touch of tomato sauce (I have had it both ways ($42).

To finish, I ususally have the insalata mista or the insalata alternativa.  A nice way to finish the meal.  I am not much a dessert person so I won't rate the desserts.  But the waiter is good about recommending a grappa to finish an excellent meal.

I would rate the food 5 stars but the service 3-4 stars.  Everytime I go we have to ask for things, i.e., olive oil, water, et al..  At a restaurant like this where you are paying $100/head before wine, the wait staff should anticipate or ask for your needs.

I would have taken pictures but there is a big sign requesting that no pictures be taken.  I want to respect the restaurant's request.
Great happy hour drinks and food. The portions aren't huge, just enough! The waitresses were all quite charming.
WONDERFUL!  Service food ambiance!  It was recommended by a Friend and we were able to get in with a table for 6 last minute on a Monday night. Hard to do in that part of the strip. They seated us immediately and were very helpful with the menu.  Everyone loved their meals.  But I wish I would have taken a picture of mine. I decided to order something out of the ordinary cuz ya know - it's an Italian restaurant so they had all the typical Italian fare. I got the whole wheat tofu stuffed ravioli with asparagus sauce. It was amazing! The sauce wasn't a heavy cream-based but a light puree.  OMG it was yummy. Should have taken a picture!
I AGREE with Yelp. 3.5 is PERFECT for this place. My husband would give it a 10, i'm a little more discerning.

Our food was good, not mind blowing. The ambiance was very nice, and i had no issue with my server, who i felt was very gracious.

I've been to Vegas 6 times and never walked in this place, MUCH larger than i thought, and VERY nice inside.

They have a price fixed menu at the door, but you need to ask to see it upstairs. I didn't have an issue with asking our server, but i think it's definately a way to get you in the door and they "forget to give it to you" when seated because ONE entree is the price of the price fix.

I had a very good fettucini alfredo (a side dish i asked for entree size- a gracious yes), and my husband had what he calls the best veal parm he's ever had (he says this every time he has veal parm). we coupled this with only a ceasar salad split and the house bread (very good, airy crusty bread).

I will say the pasta was FRESH pasta which made this italian girl happy. I felt this was authentic italian, everything tasted fresh. It was a bit pricey, and to me, this all equals average because i'm used to these restaurants in Philadelphia.
4 & 1/2 stars! Service was top notch, view was romantic overlooking venetian canals. Another bonus is u can hear the gondola drivers singing in the canal. Great lunch 3 course for only $22, which is a steal for this location and the food was great
Great dinner here. Very authentic Italian cuisine. Once you get past the snobby Sommelier, it's all good.
So here it was July 4th and my intention was to do a buffet for lunch.  All the buffets I checked out had either long lines or higher holiday prices or both.  As I was wandering along the canal in the Venetian a couple of hostesses were handing out to go copies of the menu to try and get folks inside.  I wandered a bit more and came back.  I was led to the back of the street side bar/restaurant told I could walk the stairs or take the elevator.

The seats with the view were being utilized by couples but my seat wasn't bad.  Most of the menu is price fixed with 3 courses for lunch or 5 courses for dinner.  I chose a Caesar salad, chicken parmigiana, and it came with a small desert and coffee.  The food was really good and the service was excellent.
"Serviceable" is probably the best way to describe Zeffirino. In a city stuffed with superior Italian restaurants, Zefferino falls squarely in the 'mediocre' category. That is not to say that it is poor by any means but at its price point and considering that it's in the Venetian, you should be expecting a lot more. 

Pros: 
* $22 prix-fixe for lunch is a great deal 
* the pasta dishes in general are fine 
* the view of the Gondolas does lend itself to a romantic occasion
* the musicians at the restaurant are very versatile and will perform songs in multiple languages 

Cons: 
* the food is simply not spectacular  and is easily outclassed by nearby restaurants such as Valentino, Postrio, and B and even Canaletto
* the prices are ridiculous. $28 for foie gras is more expensive than in top end steakhouse and only $2 cheaper than the infinitely classier Le Cirque; $20 cold cuts when you can get the exact same dish for 1/2 the price 5 minutes away at Enotecca Otto; $44 for a simple breaded veal dish that you can get for $20 in any neighboring Italian restaurant, etc....
* exceedingly small portions at the limited dinner prix-fixe (it costs the same as a single entree for good reason) 

There is better Italian to be found in the Venetian and in Vegas in general. The ambiance is pleasant and the musicians surprised me when they knew Croatian and Serbian folk songs but on the basis of food and service and especially value I simply cannot recommend Zefferino. An a la carte dinner with appetizer, desert, and a drink can easily cost $100, the same as the tasting menu at a great restaurant sage as SAGE or a fantastic steak dinner at any of the multitude of Sin City's red meat havens.
Zeff-a-GOOD!

This place does an absolute wonderful job in welcoming you and creating a great atmosphere for a tasty lunch!

The Pastas!!  Seem to be homemade and are simply delicious, The risotto felt like it was made for me with a kick and a punch to the mouth I enjoyed this beatdown ha!

The hostess sat us so that we can enjoy the gondola which is a very nice touch.  You will enjoy your time with a great spread of food made to anyone's liking.  The decor made you feel welcome and with antique furnishing it was very enjoyable.


----The Italy/Spain Euro cup final was going on and they even accommodated me by letting me know the score!  THANK YOU ZEFFIRINO!
You can not beat the food here. Everything is top notch and you get exactly what you paid for, I come from a full Italian family and we all agrees the risotto was as if we were in Italy. The staff was amazing while the place is packed they manage to have people eating in under 15 minutes. The place has an amazing view of the gondola and mall. Overall success it's a dine you must try with eloquent food.
I was in town on vacation with my husband and we wandered around in the Venetian hotel trying to decide on a place to dine for lunch.  As we walked around trying to decide on where to dine for lunch, we passed by Zeffirino and the lovely smells wafting from this restaurant convinced us to eat here.

I had the grilled salmon with a side of string beans and my husband had the medallion pork chops.  Food was excellent and perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Service was awesome as well!  I highly recommend this place when in town!
BEST RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER EATEN 
IN....HANDS DOWN!!!!
 I am a local restaurant writer in Palm Beach, FL and RUN DON'T WALK to Zefferinos.  We were sent there by the 5 Diamond Hotel Concierge at the Venetian for lunch and WOW WOW WOW on the food, the service, the atmosphere.  
We were a little worried at first when we walked in and it was a very smallish looking bar and we were shown to an elevator upstairs....then when we arrived upstairs much to our pleasant surprise was a beautiful Italian Scene right out of a movie looking over the Gondolas as they passed by with open arches made of stone.  It was simply beautiful.  We were instantly seated, instantly given water, menus etc. there was not ONE flub on the part of any of the wait or host staff.   We ordered a salad to share and one pasta dish, one fish dish and one chicken dish.  All of them were to absolute perfection, bread was perfect, plenty of sweet cream butter.  My grandmother used to make ravioli by hand in her basement and I have never liked ordering it in restaurants as everything paled by comparison till NOW!!  OMG my Grandmother was in the kitchen!!!  It was FABULOUS and we practically licked the lacquer off the plates everything was so good.  The wine selection was nice, not too big and happy hour started early so we got half price wine.  We loved all we tasted by the glass especially the Pinot Grigio.   Then for dessert....another amazing experience.    We liked it so much, that in a two day stay when we were overwhelmed from walking and the later hour after a show, we went AGAIN and this time I ate something more in my normal diet (alkaline) of a microgreen salad with smoked tofu and berries and my Sister ordered Risotto and Mom ordered a side of alfredo pasta.  AGAIN they hit it out of the park - all three meals delicious and we savored every last morsel.  Service was funny, accommodating and they put up with us changing our table 3 times so that we had the best view and most comfortable seats.  They didn't even blink an eye and just followed us happily with drinks and all!!  Just an absolute delight.    Once again - I'll be looking for the restaurant that rivals Zefferinos in Las Vegas.   There aren't enough stars to explain my experience there!!
This is a review for the bar area only.

It was good. We had drinks at the bar, and their sampler Bruschetta appetizer. The toppings on the Bruschetta were awesome, but the bread was not.

The best thing about this place is the bartenders. It was pretty slow in there-- I think we were there around 3 pm. Bartenders were extremely friendly. Oh, and they have $3 drafts at happy hour, so it's a nice place to grab a cheap drink.
On my last night in Las Vegas on Thurs, I came here for a business dinner.
We were seated upstairs where we had a great view of the Venetian Canal Area.  This is one of the oldest if not the oldest restaurant in Italy....and this is the only location in the US besides the ones in Italy,

When we were seated, the fist thing I noticed was how beautiful and ornate this restaurant is.....very, very romantic.

For a starter, I ordered the fried calamari and zuchinini.......very good and tasty.
For dinner, I had the Oso Buco.........The lamb Shank was super, super delicious  and tender and the risotto side dish was excellent.......so yummy!

A great Italian meal in a very beauttiful and romantic setting!
Just had the perfect lunch!!  The decor and the settings are really opulent.  The bread was nice and warm, the service was first-class, the calamari and zucchini was perfect, the pan seared salmon melts in your mouth, the dessert was decadent. The coffee was strong but smooth.  And the price is very reasonable for the quality of food and service.  After all that, check out the restroom. Perfect!!
This restaurant is located in the Venetian Hotel. We were seated upstairs where we had a great view of the Venetian Canal Area, next to the window. Some side note you need to know, I got a free dinner voucher here so I ate for free, so my review is basic on what I got to eat and not on the entire menu. The outside and inside appearances of this place is very nice and romantic. It a good place to take a date. The host to the server to the bus boy was very nice. The view is nice and romantic. The food is good and very appealing. I had the Norwegian Salmon and it was great it came with vegetables and potato's with a very good sauces, the soup was good as well. The bar area when you walk in the restaurant is nice as well it would be a good place for a group of friend to come in and enjoy a nice glass of wine.
Richly ornate and serene, Zeffirino is an Italian restaurant located in the Venetian Casino Canal area. The restaurant is rather "snazzy" and  can be perceived by the casual observer  as too expensive for the general casino patrons that frequent the passage ways of the casinos to window shop and gamble.  However, surprisingly the price was average of what is expected to that of any other Italian restaurant anywhere away from the strip.  Pleasantly surprised Zeffirino has a happy hour that is again like that of any standard restaurant with an average of $2-3 off on particular wines and cocktails.  I ordered the mussel and clam combination in white wine sauce as an appetizer and Chicken Marsala as an entree.  The  food was balanced, fresh, and appropriately portioned.  The mussels and clams were delightful and plentiful.  The Chicken Marsala was extremely light in sauce and intended in such a way to delicately enhance the well prepared breast of chicken.  We opted to dine at the bar versus the lavishly ornate and "fine dining" themed restaurant on the second floor.  You can say we were both intimidated and trying to eat in the "cheap" for lunch on the Las Vegas strip.  The bartender which served us was genuine and personal.  In the bar area is a pianist that plays intermittently throughout the day, which is was very nice but acoustically overwhelming at times.  While I hardly mention restrooms in my reviews, I have to mention the ladies' restroom was exceptionally ornate like the restaurant and flawlessly clean.  Each stall has its own vanity with all the accouterments to freshen oneself.  I did notice that I was not the only one to take notice of the uniqueness of the restrooms as I noticed an award dated in 2008 or 2009  for the "Best Restrooms in Las Vegas".  Interestingly enough, there is a lot of history involving the establishment of Zeffirino that is captured upstairs outside the dinning area.  May I add there is easy accessibility to the dining area for anyone that requires an elevator.  Besides the overly ornate and intimate setting of the restaurant, Zeffirino has its own elevator to add the lavish experience
By far the best restaurant I have been too. The atmosphere is amazing with the gondolas going by in the background. The place is quiet and secluded, yet roomy once you're inside. The meal deal made dinner affordable and filling with 4-courses including dessert. All the waiters and attendants were very helpful and friendly; never had to wait to have refreshments taken care of. 
I was blown away with everything about this restaurant; the service, the food, the decor, and the price.
Disclaimer: I've only eaten the Thanksgiving dinner buffet here, so I don't know what their regular menu is like.

Had Thanksgiving dinner here a few hours ago. I would not recommend this to anyone else.

First off, they put our table of 8 in a great big round booth. Keep in mind, the meal was served as a buffet- so basically everyone had to go at once or there was a lot of standing around waiting, changing places, etc. There was an empty table made for 9 people but they refused to move us there.

Second, the buffet. Without even getting to the food- it was not a self-serve buffet. There were people at every station to plate the food for you and this made for long lines in a very small space. Also portion control was difficult- I received much larger helpings of some cold cuts than I wanted but when I got to the pasta I was given ONE SINGLE RAVIOLO. not ravioli. ONE SINGLE RAVIOLO. I asked for more... and was grudgingly given one more.

And okay, now the food. The turkey (breast) was decent with some red wine reduction. The mashed potatoes were horrid and tasted like instant potato flakes. The cold meats and smoked salmon were fine. The caprese salad was BLAND BLAND BLAND and they didn't give me any damn basil. The apple and chestnut stuffing had an appalling texture and very little flavor; there was no regular stuffing. The ravioli (all two that I got to have) were forgettable. The desserts were the only thing I actually liked- there was a tasty chocolate mousse cake and tiramisu.

OH! OH OH OH! For large parties, gratuity is automatic and as a result you will probably see a waiter once or twice throughout the evening, if that. We sat around for like 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order. Instead, a waiter came over to tell us that we could go to the buffet whenever we wanted. We had to remind him that we might like something to drink, too. When the soft drinks did arrive, they were served in plastic Pepsi bottles like you'd get from a vending machine. WHAT?! At least it allowed us to refill our glasses on our own, because we would have gone thirsty otherwise considering how rarely we saw the waitstaff. When we did see them, they were largely unfriendly.

Finally, there are musicians who walk around playing cheesy Italian-ish music. Like the theme from The Godfather, really. They come up to your table and play in your ear and it's super awkward.

Basically- forgettable food and waiters that forget you exist. Forget this place and go somewhere else! You are in The Venetian; it's not like it's hard to find Italian food.
"How bad can it be?"

Those were the words that launched our unforgettable Thanksgiving experience. I say unforgettable, of course, because this is one of those atrocious restaurants that's so awful that you feel compelled to stand outside and steer people away.

I knew we were in trouble from the moment we were led to the dining room past a big sign reading, "NO PHOTOGRAPHY WITHOUT MANAGER'S APPROVAL." When you feel the need to post an authoritarian, unwelcoming sign banning people from taking pictures, you must have something to hide.

The blackshirts who posted the sign set a dour tone for the rest of the service. Our waiter was flippant and visibly disappointed when no one at our table of eight ordered any wine. We literally never saw him again.

There was no salt and pepper on the table, so I had to steal it off a waiter's cart. Our soft drinks were served in PLASTIC BOTTLES, which has got to be the tackiest thing I've ever seen at a restaurant. It's as if they ran out the back door and bought them at 7-11 when we ordered them.

The food was entirely forgettable. At the risk of sounding politically incorrect, a traditional Thanksgiving dinner at an Italian restaurant might not be the best idea, but my mother-in-law is mighty Italian and she has no problem cooking turkey, mashed potatoes and stuffing. Real stuffing, not some weird apple-ly goop.

The dessert station salvaged some of the experience, with a good selection of little cakes and pies, including a very creamy chocolate cream pie and mini tiramisu.

My dad and in-laws came thousands of miles to spend Thanksgiving with us. Tomorrow we're going to have to take them to Firefly to make up for this travesty.

At least we're all together...isn't that what Thanksgiving is about?

EDIT: I forgot to mention that they have TWO things that NO restaurant should ever have: A bathroom attendant and a guy who comes to your table and plays music. No thanks!

APPENDAGE TO THE EDIT: I think they polish the silverware with Barkeeper's Friend. I know this because the napkins smelled exactly like it. Draw your own conclusions about that process.
This was the worst thanksgiving meal I have ever had!

I was not happy about our table. A booth with 8 people and a buffet is not good. There was no ham, even though it was on the menu.  Mashed potatoes are not even real, I think they are boxed.  The turkey was good but the dressing was awful ! Mush !! The napkins smelled terrible. The ravioli was overcooked. The service was not up to par, either.

Maybe this place is good for pasta, etc. but I would never recommend going there for a holiday meal. It was very poorly executed.
When I booked the Thanksgiving buffet, I did not have high expectations for the food.  I read the Yelp reviews and assumed the food would be acceptable.  Unfortunately, even that expectation was not achieved.

I wanted a place that served a fairly traditional meal (which unfortunately left out most of the fine dining takes on Thanksgiving) without waiting in line at one of the mega buffets.  Other than the Italian cured meats and bread, the food was poor.  The carved turkey and pork were dry and lacked any flavor.  The yams were terrible.  The Italian entrées were ok, but nothing special.

In all, my worst meal in Vegas.
I held my wedding reception on 12/1/12 here.  When we arrived we were brought back to a private alcove off of one of their private rooms.  Throughout the entire evening the wait staff was fantastic!!  They went above and beyond to make sure our night was amazing!  The food was exceptional and even the pickiest of eaters found something they loved.  We all ordered the complete dinner which included an appetizer, ravioli, main course, and assorted pastries for dessert.  There was so much food, none of us could finish it.  All of this for only $50 a person.  The kids each ordered a kids pizza...omg these were huge pizzas!!!  And they were absolutely delicious!!  The wedding cake that was created for us here was moist and sooo delicious!!  During dinner, a violinist came and serenaded our group, even catering to the kids and playing a few children's songs!  I could not have been happier with the experience here.  We would come back in a heartbeat for the beautiful ambiance, amazing food, and spectacular service.  Thank you Zeffirino for making our wedding celebration a night we will never forget!
this is the las vegas gem of gems don't miss out on their happy hours and small plates whenever we are in town we end up here three or four  times in a week great service and staff
Just finished dining here. Best meal I've had in Vegas on this vacation. Beautiful view, friendly service and incredible food. They paced the four course meal well. If you don't mind spending the little extra dough go for it, you won't be disappointed.
Wonderful place!  We had happy-hour wine and appetizers in the bar two days ago.  The staff was super-friendly and took great care of is, including out daughter.  The children's spaghetti was enough for all three of us, and came with ice cream.  The appetizer sampler was amazing--great variety of tastes, creative, and a real value!  We'll definitely be back!
We held our wedding reception at Zeffirino's over the weekend. I didn't know what to expect since the entire event was planned online and I only had pictures and reviews to go off. The ambiance of the space is great...a lot to see and amazing bathrooms! The main dining areas are on the patio and up stairs, they also have a large bar which is great if you don't want to sit in the dining room. 

The reception was fantastic. We had a private room, passed items (chicken skewers, risotto balls, shrimp, and more), TONS of fresh vegetables, lasagna, carved ham & turkey, etc. The restaurant also did my cake (white cake with chocolate mousse). I was told by multiple people that it was by far the best wedding cake they had ever eaten, and I have to agree...it was fantastic! Additionally, they brought out pastries which were also great. I have not eaten from the main menu at the restaurant, but from my experience they were great! I also had an appetizer sampler and a pizza at the bar after the event which were both good. I would highly recommend Zeffirino's for your next event or if you're looking for a dinner that is not at stuffy as some of the other options in the area.
This dining experience was lovely. We were seated just above the canal where we could hear the singers on the gondolas as they floated by. The food was delicious. There was also live music via a violinist that was quite talented playing a vast variety of Italian, Christmas, and modern tunes, It was a fun, open atmosphere with an air of sophistication. The portions are rather generous.
I used to visit Zeffirino's quite often when I worked at the Grand Canal.  I miss my weekly lunch there now that I am a stay at home mommy, but I do get down there from time to time.  

It is a lovely restaurant tucked away from the crazy crowds of the mall.  The menu is diverse and is very much like the food I had in Italy once upon a time.  Every time I have been there, the servers are all Italian too, or have a very good fake accents, but either way, they make it fun to dine here.  I mean what girl doesn't like a cute waier with an Italian accent??? The portions on the entrees are big, so make sure you go hungry!  

Also make reservations ahead of time and request to be seating near the windows,s o you can look out at the mall and the Grand Canal below.  You can even pretend you are in Venice, awwwww.
Many moons ago when I found myself at the Venetian more often than not, colleagues and friends alike would be here at Zeffirino's eating and drinking our work grind away to relax for a solid Italian option in the resort. It was far away from the most popular eateries within the casino, but casual yet intimate enough to be one of the Venetian's most versatile. Good food, great ambiance, and almost always a good time.

Lots of visitors to the Venetian often balk at the fact there is no dedicated buffet on premises, but if there were one, it'd be here. It won't be the self-indulgent, competitive eater training course like many other spreads at nearby resorts, but a classier, simplistic array of Italian specialties that change on a near daily basis and is served by someone every time. Be sure to ask nicely if you want a good helping and know the Sunday brunch hour is probably the most recommended time to try it.

But their best execution has always been items from their nightly a la carte menu. Homemade ravioli of various fillings are no stranger to my plate and their other pasta options were filling and rich. One of their strengths was rolling with anything in the seafood realm. Whether it was a sea diver scallop appetizer or a crab ragu linguini or a lobster risotto, it would often taste as good as it looked. Prosciutto wrapped anything? Yes please.

Some other tips for maximizing the experience:

* Thinking of hosting a wedding reception here? Definitely a stellar choice.
* Things to avoid on their menu: anything parm (especially chicken) and their steaks could use a little work.
* You don't have to eat. Drink wine instead.
* Service is usually super, but beware of the occasional waiter/waitress having a bad day.
* Holiday buffets are nice, but avoid if you can - they're overpriced and incredibly overcrowded.
* There will be live acts on occasion. Appreciate the musicians, they sing tons better than any of the touristy (and cheesy) gondola guys rowing across the canal. At least there's a decent view.
I just wanted to say I have been being FORCED to eat at this place for about 9 years now as my stepfather loves it here. Is it the food you ask? No he loves spending a fortune. Our last dining experience was on Easter. Before that it was on Christmas. Now I come from a culinary family so 1. I am a disecter of foods. I know what it should taste like and how they should achieve such tastes. Their food is MEDIOCRE at best. The filet is decent however like all of their meats, FLAVORLESS. Their desserts have to be the WORST Desserts in the History of Mankind! The men who hover close to the tables to make sure you always have a clean table, a full glass and anything you need ..well they just mainly stand there talking about the guests and their lives.. I think they think no one can hear them but it isnt the case. Their sea bass although drowned.in a sauce was decent. Tender n flakey and it had a good flavor. Their Salates station is decent as well however for the food that sticks to your bones F- ... I told my mom n dad next time the family wants to eat let's not spend $800+ on yucky food from here instead I and my chef brother will cook for the whole family. Their food Especially the Buffet is not worth the money. If someone wants to take you here it is to show off about how much money they can spend and not about what they know about fine dining and food in general.
Excellent food, with horrific service. Came here with a couple friends and my boyfriend for lunch one Sat. Like a previous review stated, the hostess was very gracious and kind, but that's where it stops. Our service was very shotty. Our server seemed to have absolutely no interest on giving us good service since we weren't dropping hundreds on lunch buying bottle waters or drinking wine or alcohol. Ordered and Iced tea and not once did anybody offer a refill for my tea. I shouldn't have to wave you down to refill my ice tea. 2 of my friends wanted to share an appetizer and an entree and was straight up told by our server that it wasn't allowed. Our server was very rude. He only came to our table to take our order and drop off our check. This place seemed so promising but due to the service of one server, this place came off very pretentious. Maybe if the staff/server spent less time on their iPhones and more time taking care of their guests,  I could give this place another try next time I was in Vegas. But I can assure u I will NEVER go or suggest this place ever again. U shouldn't leave feeling like u were looked down upon when you was choose to spend my hard earned money on the establishment.
Honestly, they deserve a 0 or negative star rating.  I've never been so sick from food poisoning in my life.

We visited for their special Mother's Day brunch that is chocked full of delicious foods; AYCE lobster, crab claws, lamb, salmon, shrimp, oysters, clams, swordfish and many more for $69/each.  While there's nothing exotic about the food preparation, it's seriously delicious.  We tried the Zefferino house labeled champagne that was on special for the day, but it left a lot to be desired.  

The service was mediocre at best; refills were difficult, the waiter ofter forgot our requests, forcing us to follow up when we could catch him.  

The deceptively delicious food was enjoyed by all, until after the meal.  Everyone in our party of 8 grew violently ill from food poisoning.  This was the only meal we ate all day, which we would pay for all night long.  I don't know if they served us food past its expiration date or if they stored the food improperly, but I'm quite traumatized by this horrific dining experience.
It was our last night for my good friend's bachelorette party and we needed some carbs/starch/pasta to end our trip. Arrived here for a 9pm reservation and was quickly led upstairs (on an elevator). Classic Italian restaurant with a trio playing music. We were seated by the banister overlooking the Palazzo canal and the blue sky painted on the ceiling really made the experience feel 'real'. Kinda reminded me when I went to Italy/Venice. Beautiful and romantic. We were off to a good start. Got our drinks and menu then we waited.... and waited.... and waited. After about 15-20 mins, a host saw that our waiter was overwhelmed so he decided to help out and take our appetizers and entree orders. Guess what time we got our salads? 10:15pm. So an hour and a half we JUST got our 1st course. Are you f*ckin serious? As the manager set our salad down to our table, I asked him if they were short staffed and told him our wait time. He apologized and quickly went off to try to alleviate the problem. 5 mins later, our entrees came while we JUST started on our salad.... By this time, we were just happy to eat. 

Why 3 stars instead of 1? Well the manager really did a good job on making the situation better. He was genuinely apologetic, came by every 5-7 mins to see how we were doing, help cracked open our seafood, two free drinks and made sure we were content. Towards the end, we received complementary mini desserts. 

Overall, the food was ok. Service was short staffed but they made a point to correct and make their customers happy.
Underwhelmed does not even touch it. Too bad there are not negative stars I can award. 
Reservations after a show - being later in the evening should not mean one gets "end of the night" treatment, especially in the city that has no clocks on the walls. 
We were seated and sat. And sat. And sat- a full 10 minutes before a body appears that is supposed to take care of us. 
From the wine steward who slopped the "taste" over the top of the glass onto the tablecloth, shrugged, and said "My bad", to the caesar salad of lettuce cores (no green leafy parts) completely overdressed with what tasted like bottled dressing (and no anchovy offering for a caesar salad? wth?), to entrees brought before the salad was finished, the waiter that never made eye contact, and finally my dinner of mussels and clams that was so salty and overcooked that the tiny mussels tore as I tried to take them from the shell- this dinner experience, in a word, sucked. My boyfriend had Veal Scallopine that required a knife (another wth?) with a thick mediocre sauce. The fettucine that accompanied it was "ok" and therefore the best bite of the night.
They did take my dinner off the tab as I gave it back to the waiter deeming it inedible, but the check was still pretty pricey. Not pricey if everything had been outstanding, but ridiculously overpriced considering the experience. 
Our friends had reservations the following night. Based on our experience, they cancelled and went elsewhere.
Can't believe this is only 3.5 stars. Best pasta dishes in a long time all the way around the table.

Have been to Italy and a lot of places and ...wow. I had the lobster pasta plate. Was not expecting it to be worth it (45 a plate). But it was a long week, was tired, had a long drive ahead of me and though why not.

I can't remember when a restaurant exceeded my expectations. Perhaps in Italy. This was awesome! 

 Service was superb and staff was so professional. I will be going there regularly from now on. 

FYI, been to Raos and this blows it away by a mile....
Average food and very overpriced.  Service was great, though, which earns the third star.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly and once we asked for rushed service, the food and service was very speedy.  Bread was fresh, though butter was uninspired.  The pesto gnocchi was delicious, though my panini was a bit plain and its bread was unexciting.  Overall, an average place for its price.
My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)

Go or No?  Go.

Tease:   Zeffirino is a kind of classic Italian restaurant in the Heart of the Venetian.

Why I went:  My wife and I enjoyed a few cocktails from there the evening before, and noticed some reasonable menu items that we thought we'd check out for lunch.

When:  11/19/12

Food:  Between the 2 of us, we had a nice Carpaccio appetizer, a 6" personal pizza that was super tasty, and eggplant parm (which was also quite good).  We also had a nice dessert of various small tarts.  They also had a nice wine special at $5/glass for lunch.  Overall, the food was all very tasty.  The portions were perfect for lunch.

Service:  Service was very good.

Hints/Final thoughts:  This is a nice Italian place that is both low-key and upscale.  Deals can be had for lunch and some dinner specials.  But, prices overall were not ridiculous.  We made many return trips to their bar throughout our stay as we stayed at the Palazzo.  With every bartender, they were great!  Very friendly and happy to mix up whatever we wanted.
If I could give this place negative stars I would.  By far the worst dining experience I've ever had and the food was absolutely horrible.  Here's a recap:

-My parents received two vouchers for a free lunch or dinner at Zefferino's as part of a promotion for attending a timeshare presentation from a resort that has a booth at Venetian
-We ate at Zefferino's for lunch on June 10, 2013
-My parents free meal had a choice of several entrees and included a salad and coffee or tea.  I had the "Grand Canal" menu which was about $25
-When we sat down, the server took about 3 minutes to come over to the table and upon seeing the free meal coupons, he did not greet us and just said "oh, you have those" like he was annoyed to have us at his table
-The water that was brought to the table was warm and had no ice
-We asked for ice, had to ask a second server to bring us the ice after our server didn't, and when the ice was brought out he just brought us a bucket and set it on the table without saying anything.  
-My dad doesn't drink coffee or tea and asked if he could have a diet soda instead, and the server said "no, you only get what's on the card" in a very stiff and annoyed manner....like it would be that difficult to just give him a soft drink instead of coffee or tea.  
-My mom had a salad and the grilled salmon, my dad had a salad and the chicken marsala, and I had the calamari appetizer, pan seared salmon filet, and the "dessert" of "various pastries"
-The calamari was rubbery and tasted like it was previously frozen, the quality was on par with something I would get from the grocery store frozen section
-The salads my parents had were bland and tasteless
-The chicken marsala my dad ordered was terrible.  When I say terrible, I mean it was absolutely horrendous, almost inedible. Chicken was rubbery and overcooked, tasted like it was previously frozen and microwaved, definitely not "pan seared" as it was supposed to be, the marsala sauce tasted like canned gravy, and we both agreed that it was the worst chicken marsala we've ever tasted, and chicken marsala is my dad's favorite dish.
-The salmon I had was caked in breading, had no indication of being pan-seared (no sear marks anywhere), also tasted like it was previously frozen, and there was no garlic, white wine, onions, parsley, or black olives as the menu indicated
-The potatoes were dry and had no seasoning
-The server never came back to the table to ask us how anything was before we finished eating it
-When the "dessert" that came with the Grand Canal menu came out, it was three tiny bite-sized pastries and all of them were soggy and soft to the touch, like they had been left in a refrigerator overnight (or longer) and the moisture made them mushy.  They were obviously not freshly made.
-When the server finally came back to the table and asked us how the food was, I told him that honestly everything was absolutely terrible, gave him the reasons why, and he said something to the effect of "oh, sorry to hear that".  He walked away, did not offer to bring us anything else, and never told a manager about our complaint.  
-The server did not bring our coffee or tea, he just dropped the check on the table and never bothered to ask if we wanted to order anything else
-After we asked him for the coffee and tea, we had to remind him a second time before it was brought out
-The tea was a Lipton tea bag with hot water.  A fine-dining restaurant should not be giving customers a Lipton tea bag that I can get 100 bags of at the grocery store for $3.
-On the way out of the restaurant, the server was walking towards me and immediately walked the other way, not wanting to say anything to us on the way out

Since this was my parents' 30th anniversary vacation, I did not want to make a big deal out of the experience in front of them and decided to voice my complaints after they returned home.  My parents left Vegas on 6/14. On 6/15 I spoke with Mr. Russo and described to him all of the items above, and he said he would talk to the server and get back to me.  He asked me to send a copy of our receipt to his email address, which I did on 6/17.  As of 6/30, I still had not received any response.  I sent a follow-up email, and his response was as follows:

"Good evening Mr. ******,
I apologize for the delay,
I spoke to the Manager to the chef and to the server on duty on June the 10th. The manager said that none of our customer complained or asked to talk to him that day. The chef said that he didn't get any complain about calamari or salmon. The server said that it was no leftover food during your lunch.
I can only apologize if our food didn't meet your expectations. If we were aware of your complain at the moment, we would have been able to make your experience a better one.
Best regards,

Zeffirino Restaurant
Fabio Russo
General Manager"

Did not address a single issue I brought up or the poor service from the waiter.  Great management.  Hope this place goes out of business.
We came here on 03/29/2013 for dinner. I would give this restaurant a negative star. The food was overpriced and tasted so bad (everything was so salty). When we mentioned about how bad our food is, our server just said seafood is supposed to be salty and then just completely ignored us. To sum it up, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE. Food is so bad, overpriced and the people that work here is so rude. I expected more out of this restaurant.
We intended to go to another Italian restaurant but were told to try this one instead by staff at the Venetian.  What a disappointment.  My two adult children ordered risotto with seafood which they enjoyed.  I tasted it and it did have flavor, but it was nothing extraordinary.  However, my meal was another story.   The waiter recommended the Chilean sea bass with white wine and capers, which was an extremely bland, flavorless dish. Couldn't taste any wine or any of the three capers served on the fish.  I could only eat a small portion because it completely lacked flavor. It was served with spinach, which was not at all tasty, and I like spinach.  Also disappointing were our appetizers.  To start, we also ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was recommended by the waiter, which made no sense because the risotto dishes had the identical shrimp on top.  Also disappointing was the Caprese.  The tomatoes were tasteless, and the balsamic vinegar was poured on the serving dish with the caprese in such a small quantity that it was impossible to scoop up and put on your salad.  Finally, there was no basil on the dish.  Again, it lacked any flavor.  Very pricey meal for something that I did not enjoy.  Try the other Italian restaurants in the Venetian.  Look for my other review...
Strolled in this past Sunday to a rather empty Zeffirino and got seated right away near the railing overlooking the Canals at Venetian which was rather nice.

So I take about a minute to decide what I want. My waiter is walking around and attending to other patrons, doing one thing at a time and walking to the back after every single patron encounter. I try to get this guy's attention to order but he never looks up and never looks my way and he seems to be the only waiter. Fast forward 25 minutes later and my waiter finally comes to take my order. Away he goes. As I'm waiting for the food three tables that got seated after me all got their food before me. It's really infuriating me at this point. 25 minutes later my food finally comes out. This whole time I never get a "sorry, your food is coming up" or "we're a bit behind" or anything remotely apologetic for the long wait I've been experiencing.

I ordered a beef tenderloin with mushrooms and what I got was a plate that was smaller than the size of my palm. Food was ok but the portion was not satisfying at all. I loaded up on bread and still was not full.

Conclusion: Although this restaurant has some nice views of the Canal and good ambiance, it lacks in every other major criteria a good restaurant should excel in. The service was terrible, the food was medicore at best, the portions were small, it was overpriced, the wait times are long and let me re-iterate THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!!
We were disappointed on our most recent trip to LV to find that this place has discontinued its seafood buffet on Sundays. That Sunday buffet was one of the best-kept secrets in LV and was simply exceptional. We had a disappointing lunch most recently and probably won't go back after many years of Sunday morning patronage.
Loved it!!!! My boyfriend and I are so happy and could not stop talking about our experience. The food was not the best but it was good and we had nothing negative to say. So romantic and intimate. And great service..
DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS!!!! 
My husband and I did the lunch special, OMG!!! Everything was great, the service, food, wine, bread!
I really wish there was a half star rating, because Las Vegas has such a variety of restaurants, particularly Italian restaurants at The Venetian alone, that while this one was good, I would probably try something else next time.  I would say this is a 3 and a half star place.

That said, my boss and I were in Vegas for a meeting and came across this place while strolling along The Grand Canal.  As expected in Vegas this restaurant is huge, and when we were there, virtually empty.  However, at our request to have a table along the canal, the hostess said, "Let me check with that section to see if we have room".  That irritated me, especially after she returned 5 minutes later said it was okay if we sat on the canal, and when we got to our table, the room was about 1/4 full.  It was an unnecessary pretentious touch, IMO.  

But things got much better!  The friendly Sommelier came over and we ordered a nice CA Cabernet (I know...should have gone Italian but the boss had a favorite wine, and I can never complain about Napa Cabs).  The Sommelier was very very knowledgeable about terroir, so we had an interesting conversation with him.  He was enthusiastic, and clearly passionate about his work.  

The food was great, also.  We had a lovely Salumi plate, with cold cuts, cheese and black olives.  If  you don't want quite that much, the bread (OMG that Italian bread!) comes with little skewers of salami, cheese and olives, so that would have been fine.

The menu is full of standard Italian fare, lots of variety.  I wanted to order something that stood up to the very bold wine, and the Veal Scallopine did the trick.  It was a very rich mushroom sauce, with roasted tomatoes, served atop a mound of homemade fettuccine.  My boss had the beef tenderloin, that came swimming (in a good way) in a a sauce of red wine, grapes and pine nuts.  It was also served with a side of pasta.  The portions here are HUGE.  

This place is pricey, but it is fine dining.

We waddled out without dessert, and this meal sustained me through a long night at the casino, into mid day the next day.  So, don't get me wrong.  I DO recommend this place.  There are just too many restaurants, and too little time!

The atmosphere is beautiful.  The detail that went into the design is incredible.  I heard that the 40 foot tall, handcrafted bar was imported from Italy, and I have no reason not to believe it.
We stopped in for a little break and to enjoy the atmosphere... Beautiful place, we had great service and it was a very enjoyable time.
One of the best parts of the Zeffirino experience is opening up their dessert menu and seeing a picture of Nicolas Cage looking back at you. Since it is well documented that Cage excels in being "awesome" personified, his presence in the menu for this place confirms that you are in for a treat. And for the most part, you are! Cage would not steer you wrong! Nor would I! Nor would any of the staff here, provided they come around to your table on a more frequent basis.

Las Vegas is not lacking in dining options. Shoot, The Venetian itself probably has somewhere around 73,000 restaurants inside of it alone, making your choice of eatery even more daunting. But Zeffirino deserves your attention for sheer ambience, deliciousness and overall experience. And the whole package starts before you even get inside the door. Well, actually, wait - you probably end up seeing this place before you can get to it: it stretches several storefronts on the second floor, so you'll see blue awnings adorned with the name of the place over shops while diners sit above and look out the windows at the gondolas going by and the desperate tourists trying to convince themselves this is actually Venice, a feat no amount of alcohol or goofy bachelorette photos will achieve. The door leading in is around the corner.

Now then... when you arrive, a duo of hostesses greet you with a level of personality and poise that is great to behold. These ladies either really care about each guest coming through the doors, or are great actresses. Me? I chose to think they liked seeing us, but then again, I live in denial regularly. Anyway, our hostess walked us up a flight of stairs past an opulent bar and lounge area, through another smaller lounge and into an elongated dining room that went around the corner to the windows where the other guests probably vie for seating. We had a party of five and settled in for a booth, and this was one of the nicest booths I've had the pleasure of sitting in. For one thing, the booth backs go up past your head, considerably. It lends a degree of privacy. For another, they're comfy!

We were waiting for the remaining guests in our party to arrive when a waiter showed up to take our drink order and fill us in on the specials. We ordered and settled on a bottle of wine per his recommendation - and he made a great choice, one of which escapes me completely as I type this. Our last guests showed up and the wine was poured, the entrees were ordered and an appetizer platter was prepared. The platter itself was decadent: prosciutto, melon, mozzarella, etc. Each piece was delectable, and ditto the calamari, too. The appetizer price, $78, was not so delectable. Pricing can be a bit egregious here, so be warned.

And then the entrees arrived. Simply put, this is masterclass dining. Everything from the pounded chicken to the risotto and my personal entree, some seafood pasta that made me consider masquerading as Aquaman interviewing for a position as a chef with this place, were outstanding. Food of this scale is known for landing people in comas but at least we were flirting with a comatose status with a smile on our faces. After all, desserts had to still be ordered! And that was how Nicolas Cage reaffirmed that everything was going to be okay with the world.

And for the most part, everything here is okay. We were seated in a great dining room, the food was outstanding and a violinist even stopped by at one point for entertainment. But just as he put in an appearance and moved on with his duties, so, too, did the majority of the waitstaff. Service here, as other reviewers have mentioned, drags... And drags some more... And maybe that's their way of not rushing you and letting you enjoy the full Zeffirino experience. That's fine, but I would like to do it with my after dinner scotch. I'm not sure how long it takes to grab a scotch from the bar but apparently it is an epic quest bordering on the Homeric side of things. And then when it arrived, it was skimpy, at best. If that's what ordering it "neat" gets you, you might want to save your booze budget for somewhere else. You're certainly not lacking in options.

But to lose sight over the greatness in the face of service sidesteps is missing the point. This is a wonderful choice to host a private event or try to impress a date at. You've got delicious food, an ambience practically lifted off the streets of Italy and the world's friendliest bathroom attendant! At least, I think that's what he was. I'm not sure... There was a guy I'm assuming employed here standing in the hallway on the way to the bathroom who was quick to open the door to the room and stand by outside. I mention this because, well, why not? If he can be more prompt in his service than some of the other members of the staff, good for him. Hats off to the kitchen, the hostesses and the bathroom attendant!
We did not like this joint.  The pizza dough did not taste like it was made from pizza flower. it actually tasted as it was a biscuit dough.  this is not authentic italian as they stated and the ingredient was not fresh or tasty.  however the food was plentiful and the service was good. The dough at Five 50 in the Aria tasted much better and you can actually taste the dough.  i confronted the manager but she said she did not know what Yelp is and she stated that the fresh dough was made downstairs meaning not on the premises. if this was authentic italian then why the dough for the pizza is not made from scratch. i rather eat in a fast food rather then waste my time or money on this place. avoid it.
Visited this restaurant on Thanksgiving because they had a special Thanksgiving buffet.  The food was very average for a Thanksgiving meal but there was plenty of it.  The lines for the food were long at times but overall were manageable.  The service that day was excellent.  You can tell the management and brought in extra staff and the service could not have been better.  Made a special request to sit by a window and the request was granted without a problem.  If the food was seasoned better I would have given this meal a 4.
Our party of 4 was disappointed with the Thanksgiving buffet. The service didn't live up to the $45 price. The buffet had employees serving, and some of them
didn't know how to carve. We were given gristle, fat, whatever came off the bird. The same for the sirloin. The buffet was advertised as "traditional meal with an Italian twist."
While some of the Turkey Day staples were good, the stuffing was definitely Italian (chestnut) and no one liked it. 
We pointed out to a manager the problem with the serving at the buffet, and he told us, that's the first complaint we've received. OK, then you should deal with it like any restaurant should! Which he did not. Not even a half sincere apology, we got nothing. 
I hate it when my out of town guests are disappointed with a meal on the Strip.
Venetian, you can, and should, do better!
Ate here on 10.
 
Stopped here for breakfast. I got what I think is the best omelet I have ever had. It was simply , Italian sausage, cheese and marinara. Everything seem fresh and just amazing. The wife had a bacon and egg croissant. Will go back.
Okay so can I just say WOW, everytime I dine there it is always GREAT! Excellent Staff, Superb Menu, Stellar cocktails, and the location is Tops!  Right at the end of the canals, with a railing haning over them...the sky is painted like the sky here and you feel like you are no where near las vegas!  The lounge is so relaxing, they have live piano music in the evenings!  Ask for Fabio, tell him Hello!  He is the GM there and is there for a reason, he is THE BEST!  Don't miss the bathrooms there,,,,,AMAZING!
Very deceiving place.  From the Grand canal level, it is just an entrance which we thought was part of the busy place next door with the patio.  My sister made reservations for the 6 of us for lunch.  They have a prix fix 3 course with coffee for $23.  Once you go up two flights of stairs, you are greeted by another hostess who makes you wait in the comfy chairs.  A little pretentious but then the GM took our order so it was a little strange.  Our table overlooked the canal and we heard all the singers come by which was nice.  The calamari was ok.  Ceaser salad was really good but not $9 worth.  Eggplant parmigana was one of the best i have tasted.  Salmon lacked flavor.  At the end, you get 3 small sample of dessert.  Get the gelatto, rum raisin is like heaven.   YOU MUST USE THE BATHROOM.  It was voted finalist for the most beautiful bathroom in America and it truly was amazing.
The food is so-so.  As far as Italian goes it's a little bland.  But, the service was great.  Super friendly, on top of things without being intrusive.  It was fun to have a "view" of the fake canal too.  Good place to go if you want more ambience and are not so concerned about having a stellar meal.
This place was simply amazing.  Food was delicious authentic italian food.  The service was a mazing and I personally loved the italian music and language constantly being spoken.  You felt as if you were in Italy.  The owner did come to our table and personally as how we were doing which is very professional and our after was very advanced in the information on the menu.  I would go back to this place everyday of my life if i had to and the bathrooms were rated number 1 bathroom in the World!!!
My husband and I came here for Christmas dinner because we had no idea where to dine on Christmas night; he wanted italian food, and I kinda missed the lasagna I had here years ago. So we came for dinner on Christmas night. We didn't order much because we are not the type that can eat multiple course meal without leftover (and we don't want to have leftover during our trip). So I ordered a lasagna and he ordered a veal ravioli. 
The lasagna was as good as it was years ago, I am pleased. My husband's veal ravioli was good too but a bit too sweet for him. I tasted it too and the filling was a bit sweet (not sugary sweet, I think it's certain seasoning and the veal meat giving the sweet taste). They also have a violinist and a guitar player playing Christmas music from table to table all night long. So the ambiance was good. Some servers had a stern face though, and they dressed in suits, they looked so stern as if they were government agents. Well, they don't look rude, just don't know why they are so stern.......
All we wanted there was their pasta as they made their own. And we are happy that we ordered the pasta and not the $39 4-course meal. But it's just us. You might like to have 4 course meal instead if you need to have salad and appetizer for your meal. 
For ladies, make sure you visit their restroom too. It's well decorated. And each stall has its own sink inside, so once you are in a stall, you can take your time to freshen up with comfort and your own space. I asked my husband and he said there is not much going on in male's restroom. So I guess they only did the fancy design for the ladies' room.
Entrance left of canals within Venetian shops on first level, but you walk up to 2nd level. Ask for tables over looking canal.  It was surprisingly empty and we got seated with unobstructed canal views.  The service was exceptional.  The food was ok, but you really pay for the view and location.  The service made us feel so special who remembered what the food actually tasted like, other than it was not bad, but not memorable compared to the staff.  We were waited on like it was a spa.
this place is fabulous. one of the best italian restaurants i have ever eaten at.  the service was fabulous and everything everyone ordered was excellent.

if you are staying at the venetian or palazzo you must eat here!
Expensive but not worth it, factory dining experience not personable and not engaging staff. While it might work for 2ppl, this is second time I've been with a group that things just didn't click. So many staff and hustle an bustle, but no engagement. Food was pretty good. Calamari weak, osso buco, unimpressive, tagliatelle was awesome as was tomato salad. Good wine list
We had a great dinner here.  The food was very good.  The service was excellent.  I hadn't even set my beer down before someone was asking if I would like another.  This is not a cheap place to eat but the quality of the food and service makes it work it.  The lobster and avocado appetizer is amazing, you will wish you could have it for an entree.
I think the best thing about Zeffirino  is the experience and ambience (the food is pretty good too). The restaurant overlooks the grand canal in the Venetian which makes for a really nice dining experience. Similar to other restaurants in the hotel, there's usually a wait. The wait staff is fantastic - my mom was going bonkers when our waiter started speaking Italian with her! Make sure you go to the bathroom - weird, I know, but the bathrooms are these rustic little rooms decorated really neatly.
The service at Zeffirino was lazy, uncoordinated and ruined what could have been a decent dinner. It made me feel badly for the chefs who sent out good food.

The appetizer (and plates) were never cleared. Our wine glasses sat empty for over 20 minutes. I looked around for nearly 30 minutes for someone to bring some water after the appetizers were served, but no one ever stopped back at the table. The scant remains of the appetizer were never cleared before dinner. The server brought a spoon for the main course pasta and knife for veal, but he did not remove any of the clutter on the table nor did he offer another glass of wine as our glasses were empty. I finally went and asked for a manager. He cleared the clutter himself, was very nice and apologized.

I believe the issue was there were so many "levels" of servers - one for water, one for bread, another to clear the tables, main server, etc - that no one wanted to do more than their job description. The main server should have noticed the lack of attention to the table by his lower staff and either done the job himself or jumped all over the other staff (whom he tips out) to do their jobs. 

I complained to a manager, but at that point we really just wanted to leave, not get another glass of wine. There are too many incredible competing restaurants (Carmine's is now open in Las Vegas, for example) for this level of service (at these prices) to be allowed. We enjoyed a night here last year, but we will never return. Don't waste a night for dinner here.
My friends and I stopped by Zeffirino in the Venetian for a quick lunch.  We were seated upstairs, overlooking the gondola riders, which was very nice!  Zeffirino offers different varieties of pasta dishes, soups, salads, and entrees such as chops and steak.  I had the meatballs in a tomato sauce as well as the Filetto alla Ricca Piemontes, which had the pan seared beef tenderloin filet with marsala and rum, foie gras, fontina cheese with truffle, and sauteed porcini mushrooms; my friend had the Trofie alla Crema di Pesto con Patate e Fagiolini, which was pasta sautéed in a pesto cream sauce with potatoes and green beans; my other friend had the Risotto Gamberetti e Granchio, which was 'Azienda Agricola Rapio"Carnaroli rice with crab meat, shrimp, garlic, tomato, and white wine.  A seafood salad was also ordered that had octopus, shrimp, and clams.  For dessert, we shared a little trio with a bite-sized tiramisu and a sorbet cake.  The dishes were okay, but more on the bland side, and some of the pasta were overcooked.  The restaurant was dim-lit and the service was friendly.  I'm glad I was able to check this place out!
So I chose this restaurant for our Mother's Day Brunch and it was just spectacular.
The restaurant is very nice, elegant and spacious. has 2 floors of pure beauty. The staff here were very pleasant.

So, their brunch prices were $65 pp but it included the following;

Appetizers: 
Mozzarella Caprese, Prosciutto and Melon, Grilled Vegetables, Smoked Salmon, a variety of Salads, and a selection of Cold Cuts.

Main Courses:
Homemade Pastas, Lamb Chops, Chateaubriand, Chicken, Poached Salmon, Chilean Sea Bass, and Freshly Steamed Lobster, Shrimp, Oysters, and Clams.

Additional Options Include:
Made to Order Omelets, 25 Varieties of Freshly Baked Pastries and Cakes. 

Drinks Include:
Champagne, Mimosas, Bellinis, Bloody Mary's, Sodas, Bt. Water and Coffee or Tea.

So it was definitely worth the price plus you get a gorgeous view of the Grand Canal Shoppes and the Gondolas. My ONLY two downfall's were that they didn't have a menu at the table so if you wanted an omelet, you would know what toppings were available. Secondly, the waiter never asked if it was our first time dining with them, (like most places do), so that they may go over the menu with you or explain what their brunch entails. 

FYI; the cappuccino is a must try!! yummy!
Went here for late happy hour at the bar last Saturday, May 10th and had the nicest bartender!  Sorry, I forgot his name, but I think he's there quite often.  Had the Scallops al Cognac-Scallops served with Cognac over risotto with a touch of cream and paprika which was very good, but a bit pricey for $22.  They also have thin pizzas for $8 that are pretty good.  They have $5 wines and 1/2 price well drinks.  Would recommend checking this out.
My party of six was promptly seated for a 7pm reservation on a Saturday night.  The waiter asked for our order before asking about cocktails or bringing water to the table. We ordered sparkling water for some and tap water for the others. Bottled flat water, for which I was charged, was served alongside the bottled sparkling water.  I decided to let it go. Our order was taken a bit quickly and I felt we were being rushed.  I ordered wine for dinner and it was served quickly without any request for cocktail orders. The appetizers were delivered very fast, which confirmed my sense of being rushed. Then things started getting more positive. The food was delicious, calamari and zucchini cooked just right, fresh salads, excellent beef carpaccio, and fresh mozzarella tomato salad.  We actually had a decent interval between the appetizer and main course. The pink sauce and pesto sauce raviolis were as good as it gets. My wife loved her eggplant parmigiana. The dinner menu is quite nice. Then, three desserts were quickly served for the people that bought the dinner. But, again, we were being rushed as one of my guests wanted the fruit option and none of them were asked to choose before the dessert was served. Then we had to ask for coffees and a dessert menu for the rest of us. We were given one menu to share for three people. The restaurant is attractive and the table side live music was enjoyable. Bottom line, nice environment, service was strange and less than one star, and the food quality was four star or five for some items.
I must say that this is an excellent restaurant . The atmosphere is exceptional and our server, Hamid was excellent. I don't give 5 stars, so this is a great restaurant.
What a hell hole. Lasagna was nasty, pizza was bland, and the old Italian broad who was a makeshift hostess was offensively too familiar. I could tell the staff hated working for Mussolini's granddaughter because I couldn't help but overhear the staff complaining about the old bag through our whole meat, so the trains don't run on time if you get my drift. My wife was ordering a ham and cheese croissant and was told the price was 4.75. At the cash register it was 8.75. The girls behind the counter said that they don't really know the price until they ring it up. The menu listed it as 6.75. When my wife asked if she could order a half sandwich, the girl said no... but she could cut it in half. Stay in school kids.
I really wanted to like this place... BUT we had a large party and it took a reallllllllly looong time to get our food. We arrived at 6:30 and received our dinner at about 8:40.  We had to get our desserts to go, because we had a show at the Monte Carlo starting at 930. I had to ask for a refill of my wine because I was not asked if I wanted another. There was nothing spectacular about the food. The restaurant was very beautiful though. I ordered from the fixed menu because the real menu was MASSIVE! The musician came to our table twice. The first time he was given a tip. The second unsolicited visit he rendered us the evil eye after playing selections he dedicated to an older gentleman in our party. He advised us that he was not paid, but earned his living from tips. Lucky I had a twenty dollar bill in my purse or else I think we would have still been there under his uncomfortable stares. Most tourist I know do not walk around with cash, so he should probably ask before bestowing a second serenade if the patrons would like to pay for additional songs.
I stopped in for lunch.  It's one of the may place in Vegas where the bathroom is up a few flights of steps.  Do they do this on purpose to avoid all the walkbys in the Canal searching for a bathroom?  Not sure.  The lunch was great as well as the wine.  I would definitely go again .
Walked into the Venetian with no idea where to eat. this place was recommended by the Concierge who also made a reservation for me. Upon arrival I felt like i stepped into an Italian village. Everyone was so attentive and nice. I ordered chicken parm and it was great! The prefixed menu was excellent lots of choices, 4 course for $55 per person. The  drinks were alittle on the light side but o would still recommend the Peach Moscato or the Russian Mule
Fantastic food! The service was friendly, attentive and helpful. The best part was the amazing coffee at the end but then we are coffee addicts.
Long running Italian cuisine restaurant that has an authentic style in the dinning area and on the plate.  Set in the kitschy recreated Venice gondola location.  All this and it doesn't hurt the checkbook for quality.  Before all these new fangled dining options popped up we came here for our Wedding dinner.  It was all the rage 12 years ago.  Even today after all the newer digs I still find this to be what it always tried to be.  A great place to have true Italian food.  The chef catered to the old Pope John guy and even Ol' Blue Eyes himself Frank Sinatra ate from his plates.  Take advantage of the brunch here.  It is a good experience.  The seafood platter used to be an event in itself.  I think it may have downsized on the amount of seafood recently but it is still a grand meal for the price.  Everything here is romantic and there are even serenades by a trio playing old world tunes that come to the tables.  I'd come back here for the total ambiance again or for a family members dinner.
I LOVED THIS PLACE.

On our last day in Vegas we came here for a sit down lunch and it was beautiful. The best memory we will have for sure.

It is elegant and the wait staff is amazingly attentive.

The food was good and served like a 5 Star restaurant. The bread and butter is to die for and a coke, from the bottle, poured into a cute little glass has never tasted so good!
Unlikely little neighborhood bar nestled in a grocery store-anchored strip mall. This place has the largest menu I've ever seen - it's presented in a 3-ring binder and they have everything you can imagine... wraps, salads, pizza, burgers, mexican, etc... 

This place has been around for only 4 years, but it's developed quite a following. Many of the people there on any given day/night know each other. It recently went under new ownership and had a facelift. It's beach/surfer themed now... there are still buckets full of peanuts you can snack on - and don't worry about making a mess on the floor... that's what it's there for. 

They have a free goallininc.com sponsored poker tournament twice a week and it's one of the more challenging and fun poker crowds in town. They also have 6 or 7 huge flat screens for sports and a digital download jukebox with plenty of good music available.

This place is great for familes and it's also great for locals and regulars - go once and you're a regular. The food is fantastic (but you might want to bring some Tums), and the prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and drinks are fairly priced.  If you're in the area, it's worth a visit - and it's better than Zipps across the street.
This bar is adorable. And its a Steelers bar, which makes my boyfriend extra happy:) Great place to go watch football as they have the NFL package!
I miss Bongo's. 
I haven't been since I broke up with my ex (who lives in Chandler). You know when you break up with someone and you end up losing like 50% of your friends? That's how I feel about Bongo's 

I usually came here for breakfast, very hungover  though on one occasion I did play poker in the evening. It's an interesting location, Albertson's shopping center on Ray and McClintock. The food is pretty good, pretty greasy and heavy but I like that kind of breakfast. The service is good as far as friendliness goes. My one big complaint (that got them docked 2 stars) is timing. It has never taken less the 40 minutes between ordering food and receiving it. That is horrible, especially if you're famished and had been up all night prior killing shots of Don Eduardo and doing other things you regret. Being bad makes me hungry, can I have my fucking plate of eggs please? They do have one fabulous Bloody Mary though... I'll give them that. 

Their menu is very extensive..... very different types of food offered, all quite tasty. I heard recently that it was closed or going to be closing. I'm glad that was just a rumor. Hopefully i will find a reason soon to revisit my old friend.
i was tricked into going to this dumpy little wanna-be dos gringos (and if you're aspiring to that be bar...) by some friends who live in the area and said this place had "GREAT breakfast food."

excited to try a new brekkies joint, i came into bongo's and was immediately reminded of Gilligan's. Crap on the walls like surfboards and fake bamboo-ish looking wallpaper... a couple of booths and about ten tall tables with stools (boo - no place to lean back or hang your purse) and one enormous menu. i mean it - that menu is daunting.

here's the thing. how about instead of offering a million crappy entrees, you just pick oh, i don't know, 20 of the favorites and be really good at preparing those. right away, i have to say, i judged the place for trying to cram too much stuff in the kitchen. here's another thing - somehow nothing of the 40 or so breakfast offerings sounded any good. not even a safe bet choice like eggs benedict? oi. on top of the crappy choices, they wanted $9 and up for this shit? and $3.75 for a screwdriver made with orange drink was their special?!

so i went the unsafest bet i could have; the breakfast burrito. i know, i should have known better. country gravy in a burrito? what was i thinking? i panicked at the enormity of the menu i guess. it was nothing worth mentioning...about as salty and greasy as they come.

ah well, not my kind of place, but i can it being a hit with the young 20's Chandler crowd (yeah, i'm assuming their a Chandler bar circuit).
I've been to Bongo's twice already and both times I have been very happy that I did. A little hole in the wall place that if you're driving by on McClintock, you could easily miss it. After a round of golf (Shot my best round in 5 years!) we headed over and proceeded to try to make the decision on what to order off of the vast menu selections. I had the Meat Stack (Yes it was) the first time, so I decided to try the Chicken Fried Steak burger only to find out that it wouldn't be available due to the freezer being repaired. Well, I ordered the Breakfast Burger with waffle fries. When the waitress brought it to the table, I was floored by the enormity of it. Bun, burger, cheese, fried egg, lettuce and tomato. As I tried to manuever this thing into my mouth, I caught a glimpse of something else settled in between the ingredients. HAM! I somehow got a bite and everything just seemed to be all right with the world. All the ingredients balanced out right. Hint of bacon, hint of cheese, the richness of the fried egg and a little ham to finish. The waffle fries were nice and crisp too. They also serve Tater Tots as a side as well.
I don't know if my good round of golf made Bongo's taste better, so I'll have to go after a bad round. Or just go because I like this place.
Another place I have been going to for quite a while, Bongo's has the best weekend breakfast!!! The place is fun, the service is great, and the food is awesome! The Karaoke on Saturday and Wednesday evenings is always a blast, and they have live music every now and then on Fridays! And even better, the drinks are cheap and cold!
This is indeed a hole-in-the-wall type of place, and it is surprisingly well hidden in the shopping center if you are trying to find it for the first time. That's a positive in my mind, because it makes it feel like your own little party when you're enjoying a few drinks with friends. I had a blast meeting up with a buddy of mine here for a couple of beers and really enjoyed mingling with the unpretentious and fun bar patrons here.

I was told repeatedly how good the breakfasts are here, but have only returned for lunch, which was a bit of a challenge to my digestive system. If you're the kind of person who can tolerate deep-fried bar food than this is your place, but I found the loose meat sandwich basket to be a bit more than I bargained for. It was basically two sloppy joes and a basket of tater tots, but the hamburger buns were slathered with chipotle ranch dressing and stuffed with taco-seasoned ground beef and a layer of jalapenos. I guess I should've ordered more carefully! 'Urp!

The menu is extensive and the cuisine is what it is, but the beers are cheap and cold and the drunks are friendly. I'll be back... not necessarily for the dining, but for the memory of the overly enthusiastic MILF who attempted to dry hump me on the dance floor. Guess I'm just a romantic soul deep down...
Best Hot Dogs in AZ! I had their guac dog the other night and I was shocked! I have never been there outside of saturday nights, but Saturday night Karaoke keeps me coming back.
This joint is pretty cool.  I'm surprised it's in such a location and they definitely have to deal with competition @ Zipps across street.  However, this place is a nice place to hang with your buds for a drink or two...or three....you get the point.  Surf boards and Rock is the atmosphere.  I took off my bear label and stuck it on the wall.  Look for it, I had the Landshark Lager :)  I dig any place with live music; though this place was quaint and small they had band setup which was in your face, but classic rock is classic rock --- sweet!
Great neighborhood joint.  Huge menu with so much to chose from, and great drinks.  Wish this place was near me in East Mesa.  It is small, but packed with so much personality!
I've been performing here for a couple of years.  There's a comedy show every Wednesday and it's free.  But enough of the shameless self-promotion...
Bongo's is a bar and grill.  There's a huge TV for whatever popular game is on that night.  (I rarely watch because there are COMEDIANS onstage!)
The service is ultra-friendly, especially Kara.  
It's typical bar food, but they have a huge menu.  There's something for everyone.  Me?  I'm quite partial to the cheese fries.  Yup.  Fries with cheese-in-a-can.  It's my guilty pleasure every time I perform there.
There are regulars, like this one lady who feeds her kids then stumbles over to drink.  
If you want a friendly, down-to-earth sports bar to hang out in, go to Bongo's.  If you're hungry, go to Bongo's.  If you want to laugh and eat and drink, go to Bongo's.  On Wednesday nights.  :}
My boyfriend and i came here on Sunday to watch the steelers preseason game against the broncos. We saw on the website that this was owed by a steelers fan. Our kind of people. We had planned on having a few drinks and checking out the menu... 

First of all... we didn't receive much of a greeting. The bartender just kinda said "what are you drinkin?" no biggie it was clearly a shift change. The guy that came on to replace him didn't say anything to us until we needed another drink. I need a little bit of a personality from my bartenders, being in the industry that's how i get some of my best tips... We decided to try their little trio thing (cant remember what exactly it was called) the pico just tasted like diced tomatoes... no flavor what so ever. Same with the bean dip. Cheese and olives can only hide so much.. Now the menu said that the guac was fresh... being a lover of Mexican food there was no way that was fresh guacamole... and it was bland like the other items. While i was there i noticed that the bartender kept making shots and serving them to the old dude that was making the food.... Whatever. We put out order in quickly so he wasn't to intoxicated while making my dinner. I ordered the taco wrap. Everything i said about the trio applies here... Bland Bland Bland. My bf had the meat stack sandwich. He said it wasn't bad... it looked nasty i had no desire to even try it. The guy in the kitchen came out had a few more drinks and started chattin it up with the other people around (total of 4 others). This place is small and didn't have a good selection of beer or liquor... Maybe about 5 seats at the bar and 10. The bathroom was filthy. i cant say ill be back here...
read the other yelpers reveiws and decided to try this out.  Must say I disagree.  Walking in, 2 dead roaches in teh entry window...omen.  Place had a cool bahama meets sports bar niche so we went it.   Went in for breakfast.  waiter had no clue about anything on the menu, kept asking US what the menu said.  Ordered a scramble and made sure it had cheddar, not american (asked because it said cheddar but they seem to list american cheese on everything else), it landed with both.  Asked for the potatoes to be crisp, they came blackened/el charro!  The bacon was unrecognizable from the blackened potatoes.  Wife's burrito was almost 100% full of potatoes.  Service was poor at best, a bit sweaty and unkept, but I will say my cranberry-OJ was good.  Avoid if you know what is good for you.
Out of business.
It's closed.  

It used to be a neighborhood hangout and had some roots in the area.  With ZIPs, Lucky Lous, and a few other places must have been too much.

The number is disconnected and website shows for sale.
Sauce is great. The pizza are perfect for lunch. They come in one size with a few topping combinations ranging from traditional (pepperoni/mushroom) to original (proscuetto/melon). They offer solid salads and paninis, but missing out on the pizza is a mistake.

Prices range from $8-12. Seating is sometimes tight.
I didn't know what to expect coming to a pizza place that has gotten rave reviews from people in Arizona. I didn't know what would come of a chain pizza restaurant. Was it going to satisfy my East Coast palette? Or was I going to be left to wallow in an endless craving for the perfect slice, set off once again by sub-par sauce, thick and chewy crusts, and a goop of who- knows- what- kind- of- over- processed- cheese beginning to line my arteries. 

This is a different kind of pizza. This is not the "peasant pizza" I am used to liking. This is also not the gourmet type you would find at Pizza Picasso. This is a kind of hybrid brand. 

Unlike the Prius I rented on my most recent trip to New York, I liked it. 

The sauce was tangy and ubiquitous. The cheese was light and tasty. Most of all the crust impressed me with its slightly sweet taste, perfectly complimenting the sauce and cheese combination. 

I also ordered a bowl of the soup of the day, which was tomato. Tasty. 

I'll be back, but not when I'm craving a NY slice. When I'm feeling a little fancy, I'll be back at Sauce.
Went there with one of my friends a while ago and the pizza was amazing!  Walk in, order at the counter, then you find a seat and they bring the food to you.  I hadn't been to one in Scottsdale yet, but I did go to one in Tucson.  This one was a little dirtier, almost each tables was covered in crumbs and the soda machines was all wet, which is why I deduced one star.

The crust was perfectly baked and had just the right amount of crunchiness to it.  Got our pizza with mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni.  (One of my favorite combination for pizza)  It was only missing some olives...  But, great place for a good bite of Italian to eat!
Fun, Fast, Easy, Yummy.  Nice Flatbread style pizzaz, done right, crispy, not thick & greasy. Yummy fresh & unique toppings.  Crisp salads.  Good place for kids :-)
I was pleasantly surprised by Sauce. We went here for dinner last night, and wanted something quick, tasty and casual. Done. I think of it as a cross between a fast food place and a pizzeria.

I had the Pepperoni and Crimini Mushroom pizza, and it was great. The crust is amazingly thin yet perfect for the pie. The center where the toppings are is a nice and soft but the edges are super crispy with a chip-like "crunch". The sauce and toppings were noticeably fresh and perfectly proportioned on the pizza.

M had the Turkey salad, and she too was very pleased. I can describe hers much - as we both stuck to our plates!

The waitstaff was very pleasant and everything came out well; however nothing really blew me away to earn that 5th star.
this may be one of the more boring reviews I write because it's late and I just wrote a paper for class. The first time I ate at sauce it was HORRIBLE. i was trying to be all healthy and order this cherry goat cheese salad, which basically killed me.  Goat cheese is not meant for those who have been vegan for a year!  
 It's always nice to unwind with friends, even though they weren't all my direct friends, it was nice to be around people that didn't judge me.  It took away from the watery wine I was drinking.  My best man and I enjoyed a broccoli chicken pizza, and like usual it was good.  The chicken wasn't too dry and the crust didn't make it hard to enjoy the toppings.  Our friends had more trouble liking their food.  I suppose the shells and mozzerella were a bit dry...the woman who was eating it though is very picky...so it may have just as well been delicious.  
This is also the same woman that thought Mac-n-Cheese was a sandwich -_- anyways I enjoyed my food, and you will too.  The mood of the place is very relaxed.  you get your own refills of soda and tea, but the waiters are more than happy to get it for you.  
Since Ronald, my new yelp partner in crime went with me..I await his review.  Welcome to the team!  And I'm not raggin' on the pic that they suggest for this location and review...but what is that?! I mean seriously that isn't going to make people go there...
Delicious!!!  Between my family of 4 we have probably tried most of the menu items at Sauce.  My daughters (5 yrs and 3 yrs) love the pizza and pasta with meatballs.  I hope Sauce comes out with more specials like the Summer Deal - $20 for pizza, salad and wine.  My favorite items so far are the Meatball Sandwich and the Chicken and Broccoli and cheese sauce.  I need to find out where Sauce gets the side pepper that comes with the Meatball Sandwich.  If you like peppers ask for an extra one as the peppers are really good (not spicy but sweet).  Can you tell I am a HUGE fan of Sauce?  If someone knows where I can buy those peppers let me know?
Pizza * Wine

I drive by Sauce nearly every day and those two words on the side of the building just kept calling to me.  Pizza * Wine  Come in!  Today!  Really!  I finally listened.

After a long day I was ready for something tasty and convenient that (most importantly) I didn't need to cook myself.  Sauce definitely fit the bill.  It is a casual yet kind of industrial/trendy place.  It is also FAST!  In no time at all I had walked up to the counter, ordered my meal, and was enjoying my juice glass (!) of pinot grigio.

I went with the most basic of pizzas - mozzarella & fontina cheese with basil.  While it was not what I typically think of as "pizza" - the crust was super-thin and kind of crispy, especially at the edges - it was tasty!  The cheese and sauce complimented the crisp crust nicely.  Yes, I ate The Whole Thing.  No to-go box here!  I justify this by telling myself that crust that thin wouldn't reheat well...  Yeah, right...

Overall Sauce is a good spot for a quick, casual meal.  I would have liked a slightly larger juice glass for my wine, though...
I get all of the Fox RC emails and yesterday received one about a limited time lunch special for $7.50 for 2 of either a side chopped salad, soup of the day or side pasta (lasagna not included) and a drink. A couple of co-workers and I decided to hit it up today and I was pleasantly surprised. Not that I had assumed it was bad or anything- I'd just never been.
 
I had the turkey and feta salad because it had the most veggies-cucumbers, tomatoes, corn and avocado's and  tender turkey squares. It was really good! So was the pasta- marinara shells with a meatball. It was a perfect amount of food for a great price.
After driving around with our Realtor all morning, it was lunch time and she had never been to Sauce. Since we were by there, we stopped in for lunch and split a Cesear salad, my wife, daughter and realtor ordered Pepperoni and Crimini Mushroom pizza and I had the Salami, Turkey, Prosciutto & Mozzarella Panini sandwich. It was excellent, just the right amount of food for lunch.
I love this place! The pizza is fantastic, thin crust with fresh toppings. I also love the macaroni and cheese which is made with giant shell pasta. So good!
If you're looking for good, fast, cheap pizza, this is the place.  Not a typical pizza joint.  Its the Noodles and Company of the pizza world.  Pick one of their main creations or make your own.  Pasta and salads as well.  Personally a much better bang-for-your-buck then CPK.  Great place to take the family in a pinch or whenever.  Recommended by friends last time they were in Scottsdale - and I can see why.
I first tried this place when I was studying at the UofA and I'm glad they have a location here in Scottsdale.

Personally, I prefer deep dish Chicago-style pizza but Sauce has helped me gain more of an appreciation for thin crust as well. I've had both the portobello/artichoke and the sausage/pepperoni pizza and both are quite tasty.
We were staying with a group of friends at the Westin and decided to order takeout from Sauce vs. eating locally at the resort.
Although the food was ready upon our arrival and the front end staff were welcoming I had the following issues.
  1) the chopped vegetable salad ordered with no parmesan...came with parmesan
  2) the Kid Pasta Red ordered with no cheese...came with cheese
  3) no utensils were provided in the to go bags.
 
I thought that it was our mistake or perhaps a miscommunication happened when ordering but the resulting receipt clearly indicated our requests.
 
Normally, if it was just me eating, I wouldn't mind the above issues.
However, both my daughter and wife can't have dairy so needless to say the chopped vegetable salad(for the wife) and Pasta(for my daughter) were inedible and our dinner was ruined.
 
It's unfortunate because I had heard good things about the concept, the quality of food and service.  However, it seems that the perception and the execution are completely different.

In the end if you order something that is not standard, check the order before you leave.
Visited Sauce today for lunch with four co-workers.  It reminded me of an Italian Pei-Wei with the menu's on the wall and registers where you order then grab a seat and drink and wait for  your food to be delivered.  We ordered the bruchetta appetizer.  It was good but small.  The mozzarella cheese was good and soft but the tomatoes were of the no-flavor-steak type.  We had three pizzas, the best of which was the mushroom and arugula.  The crust is that Roman-kind  - thin and crispy.  I loved it but while the pizzas are good sized - 12" they aren't very substantial and after finishing off a whole pizza myself I had a piece of the bruchetta and two more  pieces of pizza and still was filled.  On a five star scale, I give Sauce 3.
I went to Sauce for the first time last night. I had the apple and walnut spinach chicken salad and the pepperoni and sausage pizza.  Both were made to perfection and reasonably priced. The atmoshphere was warm and inviting and they had the monday night football game on. I will definitely come back and recommend it to others.
The paninis are ok, except for the meatball panini, each half of the sandwich has one small meatball on it and sauce is very pedestrian. Salads are always a good bet and the grocery store wine selection is passable if you want to drop a 20 on bottom shelf Chardonnay. 

If I never go there again I wouldn't even notice, but I wouldn't turn down an invite to go at the same time.
Since a lot of the Fox RC eateries are Phoenix exclusives we are sure to bring visiting friends and family to at least one spot - usually Culinary Dropout for the touristy scenery - but we recently found Sauce and have already gone back twice in three weeks. Sure you can get pizza anywhere but Sauce has that amazingly trendy feel and some unique combinations worth trying.

Our first experience at Sauce had us sampling their grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup as well as their meat lasagna. Both traditional items but done exceptionally well here at Sauce. In addition, we got to try the potato and rosemary pizza - so interesting! My second stop at Sauce allowed me to try the proscuitto and melon pizza - another interesting combo! I love proscuitto and melon in general and now I can say that I enjoy it as toppings on my pizza. What makes the creative combinations work so well is the thin and crispy crust. 

While it's not going to be the only place we go to for a pizza fix (especially if we're craving a greasy fulfilling pizza) but it'll be on our list when we're in the mood for a casual and fresh meal. 

We have been to both this location as well as the one in Scottsdale Fashion Square. Both were busy on a Friday night but service doesn't take long. With decent "going out" prices and a "order at the counter" system, It is the perfect place for a casual dinner with friends.
I finally checked it out and I think its my least favorite of the fox restaurants.  Its like the little caesars of fancy pizza.  I'll actually take little caesars next time since i can get more than double the food...

Upon further reflection, it tastes kind've like grade school cafeteria pizza..
I'm overdue to give Sauce my five stars, since I've been riding my bicycle twenty miles once per week for the past two years just to eat lunch there.  Yes, there's one in the Scottsdale waterfront district that's closer, and the food is just as good, but the patio at Thunderbird Square is less hassle.

I could eat the rosemary and potato pizza every time.  Who would think? Don't snicker till you've tried it.  It's the olive tapenade that gives it the great flavor, and the thin crust adds just the right crunch and cheeziness, and ensures that the wait is short.

But I also like the portobello and artichoke just as well, and you can get it as either a pizza or a bruschetta.

I also can't resist the sausage and caramelized onion.

Another dark horse which I've grown to love is the prosciutto and melon.  The cool, thin melon slices on top are great on a hot day.
We were hungry for pizza, and decided to try Sauce.  We really didn't know what to expect, as were just in the area, and had heard of it before.  

When you enter, there is a menu on the wall that you read while waiting in line to order at the cash register.  After you place your order, you find a seat. Very minimal decor, almost a cafeteria feeling to it. From the menu, they also offer paninis and salads. But we were only interested in pizza.

The pizza is thin crust style.  I have not had much experience with thin crust pizza, but I did like it - in fact, that is the one thing I will remember about Sauce - that the crust on their pizza was delicious.  The sauce and toppings were all right, but not memorable; but I will come back just for the crust.

My main concern is it is not as filling as other styles of pizza and leaves me hungry for more, and I am not a big eater.  So I would recommend it for lunch or a light meal.
Chopped chicken salad is my fav.
I love this place.  Casual, relatively inexpensive and consistently good food.  I've pretty much been to all their locations and this one is no different.  Solid food and solid service.  It has been a while since I've been to a Sauce so I did notice the addition of 2 bruschettas to the menu.  We had to try it so we ordered the portebella and artichoke one.  I know it isn't the best most fancy brushetta, but I really did love it.  The bread was crispy and fluffy yet not so hard; just the way I like it.  I also like it that they don't bombard you with 27 different options for bruschetta.  There are only 2 to choose from so that was nice.

For my main meal I had 1/2 of a turkey pannini and a small Caesar salad - one of their "mix-it" meals.  Both were excellent and I would order them again.  Anyway, I can't wait to go back for any of their soups/salads/paninis/pizzas as they are all excellent.
Went here for lunch this weekend and had the "mix it" thing with 1/2 salad and 1/2 panini.

I had the house salad with the Gorgonzola vinaigrette and the roast beef panini.  The panini was excellent but the salad was not.  The dressing lacked flavor.  I'm going to stick to the Caesar.
In Scottsdale for my work travels and needed someplace for lunch my first day in town. One of the office staff where I'm visiting mentions Sauce so I take her up on it. Nice menu to start off with, with chopped salads, paninis and pizzas, all very good sounding. So I order me a salami, turkey, prosciutto and mozzarella panini. Not bad, came with some amazing garlic Parmesan chips. I wish though that I had tried the pizza.
No problem! I went back the next day with some of the other folks in the office and ordered a prosciutto and melon pizza. Good stuff! This isn't your typical "slice" type, it's Fo Sho fancy. But then, you could probably tell that by the prosciutto and melon bit. Good amount of toppings, not overwhelming in quantity but definitely not skimping. The crust is thin and crunchy, but not in a bad way. If you like your pizza the traditional saucy cheesy way only, this isn't for you. But for some interesting foodie-style pizza this is the way to go. 
They serve wine and beer here as well, but I'm thinking with the walk-up cafe style ambience it's not a place you go for hanging out other than for a meal with a drink.
I'd give this place another try for sure so I can try some of their other pizzas. Word of caution: there's only a couple of tables on the patio that have umbrellas so if you don't want to get baked by the sun, stay inside but try to get there before 12:30 if you're going for a weekday lunch.
One of the Fox Restaurant Groups places. Its good and fresh but nothing to write home about.
Sauce is great, they have a simple and unique menu that is reasonably priced. Delicious thin crust pizzas, fresh salads, and great big balls! Meat balls, that is. The staff is pleasant and attentive. You never have to wait to long, but you wouldn't mind even if they did with the eye candy making pizzas ;) My only criticism would be that 80% of the people I have ever seen there are loud teenagers, which is too be expected when being so close to the mall, but still, not my cup of tea.
Great pizza.  Excellent and healthy salads.  I would highly recommend for a quick lunch.
A nice place to stop in for lunch.  I've had the pasta, pizza and panini. All have been pretty good for the price.
The guys that runs this joint owns some of the nicer resturants in town. Later I learned there are a few Sauce's around but that didn't change my excitement for this place. 
Pizza and Wine. What else is needed? 
Thin crust pizza, great salads, wine and panini. Ive never had the meat balls but tons of ppl were ordering that w/ their meals. Ordered the chicken, pine nut salad which was awesome and split the chicken ceaser salad pizza with a friend. 
Place is causal, quick and good food, and filling.
Ding! Approved.

Okay okay, it's not Cibo or Bianco. But really, should you be expecting that? Given the price, speed and great service, this place is absolutely worth it. The staff is young, friendly, energetic and welcoming. The menu is focused and food well prepared. Quality ingredients are used to make for a tasty light lunch. Everything is served up very quickly and with a big smile.

This is definitely going in my regular rotation of lunch spots!
My wife doesn't but I like their thin crust pizzas
Every salad on the menu is A-MAZING!  The thin crust pizza is to die for!  I absolutely love this place!
Okay, so we finally made it to Sauce. and we were mostly happy with our experience. 

Sauce is an Italian themed pizza and sandwich place that serves wine. Currently, they are running a summer special of: two glasses of wine, one large salad and one personalized pizza for $20.00.  A GREAT DEAL!

Since our first visit earlier this summer, we've been back a few times and the food has been universally good.  

For some reason, we go around 4:30 or so on Thursdays or Fridays afternoons before a movie and the place is usually half full. The downside in going at this time is that Sauces is full of screaming infants or toddlers with indifferent supervision (see photo). 

We have seen very few male parents at Sauce, but mostly young mothers who are meeting with other Moms for a play date at the restaurant. For the most part the Moms will take five or six tables at the far end away from the cashier, but the noise can sometimes be overwhelming. Also, the three and four year olds are known to sometimes escape from their prison with pasta soaked hands . 

So, go for the food, but avoid the Mom's section in the back, and don't wear white!

Okay, you've been warned.
Sauce may not have the absolute best pizza in the valley, but it's certainly up there!

We started with a chicken, pine nuts, tomato and gorgonzola salad.  Heavenly.  The salad was not too heavily dressed, and the cheese really complimented it quite well.  The salad itself is big enough for two people to split, and comes with a roll.  If it were my meal alone, I would've been quite satisfied.

We also had the rosemary potato pizza.  Very thinly sliced potatoes, spinach, feta, and some sort of olive mixture.  It was a little tangy and oily, but everything tasted so fresh and come together quite nicely.  Whomever created this pizza knew what they were doing.  Sauce is not really making a big deal about it, but there's now a thicker wheat crust available.  It's still quite thin, crunchy and delicious.

In addition to salads and pizza, sauce offers paninis and pastas.  It's a semi-service order at the register and your food is brought to you style.  This location gets quite busy during lunch, but only gets a small dinner crowd on off nights.  Prices may seem a little high, but the portions are perfect, and quality is fantastic.
I was very disappointed my last experience at Sauce. I ordered a spinach and apple salad with chicken. I think the apples were from a few days ago wtih no taste and the shredded chicken must have been in the freezer and put on the salad.
The kids however did enjoy their mac and cheese.
The salad was terrible!
Love it here! Great, quick food and friendly service. A regulations spot for lunch.  Reasonable prices, too.
I love this place for a casual and delicious lunch. This location is super easy to find and has great customer service and food. 

I've been to Sauce a few times (one at Fashion Square and the other at this location). Both times the food was great. 

At this location, I ordered the pasta with red sauce and meatballs. It was a little plain but absolutely yummy--tasted very homemade and I would order again. I also had the bruschetta with feta cheese, also good. (See pics). We original ordered the bruschetta with a basil pesto sauce and the manager came over to tell us they were out of pesto. She apologized and even though we still had the bruschetta, just swapped out for a different sauce, she took the appetizer off our bill completely.

I've also tried the pesto chicken pizza on their super thin crust and a pepperoni pizza on regular crust. Really, really good. Although, I wouldn't go for the super thin crust, it was actually too thin.

The service is fast and everyone is also super nice. 

This is my fourth FOX restaurant and I love all of them.
Simple fare done really well.  A few signature pies and sandwiches that delve into the gourmet tastes but not so far as to make you shy away if your less adventurous.
The Mac n Cheese is worthy but closer to an alfredo sauce than the classic cheddar or american normally seen, perfectly accompanied by a crusty airfilled ciabatta roll.
They're wood fired pizza offerings are perfect lite fare for sharing or keep it toyourself and savor the fresh ingredients.  We had the potato feta olive tepinade pizza and it was so satisfying but never heavy, a must try.  I used their phone ahead service and had 2 toddlers in tow they were supper helpful, and even filled fountain drinks for us, they took the time to confirm every item in the bag physically and offer any condiment or utensile.  
I think the food alone warrants eating here, but the attention to detail and overall coutesy needs to be admired, too many times restaurants and retail forget they are a service industry and aside from serving food they should be welcoming and inviting.  Suace is and on every visit reminds me why we come back.  Thanks!
5-star pizza! Great if you love thin crust pizza. The seating isn't great in here, but the pizza is outstanding.
Probably my least favorite of the Fox restaurants. It's good if you want a quick, cheap lunch. The past few times I've gone, it has seemed too much like a chain restaurant.

The food is rather heavy and rich. And if you're vegetarian and are planning on getting the macaroni and cheese, think again. It contains chicken broth. So you basically have three options left.

The bread is good though.
When I first moved to Arizona, I wanted to try new establishments I couldn't find back east. My friend who lives in South Scottsdale brought me here, and I'm italian, so I was excited. For being named "Sauce" its sauce wasn't too great. I ordered the caesar and spaghetti and meatballs. It was OK but nothing to rave about. I wouldn't recommend it, and I havent been back, but for italian and good sauces, I would prob go somewhere else.
I have really tried to like this restaurant- two locations, different dishes, multiple trips.  The pizza is dry and gourmet in the wrong way.  Sandwiches are over done and too much.  Their flavor profiles are just not right.   I am not a fan of Fox and this is my least favorite- not that I like any of them.  Humble Pie blows them to pieces.
This place is the bomb.
We were trolling around scottsdale on july 4th and popped in because of yelp reviews.
Total find. Food wad great. Redsauce pasta superb, mac and chee too good, super salad, and crazy good pizza. We will be back before heading back to socal.
My boyfriend and I have made several attempts now to enjoy the food at Sauce. Unfortunately we have now removed this Italian themed bastard step child of the Fox Restaurant Concepts family. The place just plainly sucks. Service is lackluster and so is the food. Overpriced,bland and void of any excitement. Highlight of the visit was when the upon paying for my food with a credit card the cashier told me to "Like, fill out this receipt", when I asked for clarification he stated "You need to write in the total, tip and sign, most people tip". EXCUSE ME! Why would i tip you? I don't tip the cashier at a gas station, and you pal are not even as cheery as the gas station employees I come in contact with. If my food or service was above and beyond in a quick service setting I would certainly tip (being in the service industry for years I know you work for tip). The definition of bad training and customer service. 

Then I realized what truly bothers me about this place....the manager is completely lacking any managerial skills or presence in the restaurant. She was dressed sloppily and we thought she was a customer until she asked us how our salads where. My boyfriend have his usual "Adequate" and responded with "Just OK". She then smiled and scurried away from our table. I see how it is Sauce, you are just trying to be adequate, well that being the goal you are barely meeting it.
They built a Sauce in Minneapolis & it only lasted three months. I'll never understand why, but I'm excited they are in Arizona & plenty of them. 

The Turkey & Feta salad is almost identical to my favorite at True Food Kitchen, which is a great thing. The paninis I've tried have always been good & come with a side of seasoned chips. I've never tried any of the pastas, but they all look wonderful as well.

Great place for a quick, affordable, good meal.
The summer special is a great deal. Pizza is very good and kids meals are reasonably priced. Very good chopped Caesar salad. We will be back.
This location is a bit of a hike from mi casa, but it's worth the drive. In general, I think Sauce is a little pricey for lunch but the price point is perfect for dinner.

I usually get the thin crust pizza with sausage, pepperoni, onion and peppers and tell them to hold the mushrooms. The meatball panini is an excellent choice as well. Last time my wife got the Bruschetta which she thought was fabulous. I saw another patron scarfing down the Spaghetti and meatballs, so that's the next item on the menu I'm going to try. 

I love the casual atmoshere where you can kick back and relax and have a mellow conversation. There's plenty of seating and the parking is plentiful in the evening since the coffee shop next door closes before dinner.
Great pizza and salads, been here a few times while visiting the area on business. Recommended by a few locals and I can see why. Decent prices and great staff! Next time I'm in the area I will be stopping in!
Always satisfied.  Pizza's are thin crust just like in Italy!
I love this place. I have not had a single thing I didn't like. Super fast and easy for my lunch beak.
In the past two weeks, my wife and I have been to this location twice. Both times, we ordered the exact same thing...because it was absolutely delicious!

For our appetizer, we opted for the Caprese Bruschetta. It's topped with mozzarella cheese, and it's perfect for sharing. If I'm not mistaken, it comes in a serving of either 2.5 or 3 pieces.

For our pizza, we decided we would split the Portobello & Artichoke Pizza. It's a thin crust style of pizza topped with...nevermind. You know what's on it.  Again, this pizza was perfect for us to split.

Sauce has a great modern vibe going on inside. It's kind of trendy, mixed with a little hipster. So, it should appeal to many different groups. On our first trip, we sat inside. It was nice to see how the staff were so involved in the entire process. Even though it's not a "wait service" type of place, the staff didn't seem to know that. They were constantly policing the dining room, making sure every table was spic and span for the next group that would inevitably be coming in. While doing so, they were also very diligent in making sure that the clientele were being cared for.

On our second outing, we managed to find space on the patio. Each table outside of the natural shadow created by the building's overhang has an umbrella. Though, there are no misters that I saw. Thankfully, we managed to find a couple of tables under the overhang. Therefore it was nice and shaded. As for the rest of the seats, they might be better suited for the cooler months, or in the evening. 

For both of us to share an appetizer and a pizza, plus two refillable fountain drinks, we managed to pay around $20. Not bad for such good food and service!
The management at this location should be reprimanded if not fired. They allowed 2 girls in bikinis into the restaurant during a very busy dinner service. Numerous customers spoke amongst ourselves & then to management regarding the inappropriate attire. They claimed the girls were to they could order food to go. Why then did they allow them to sit down next to a family with young kids? The family walked out. The young couple sitting next to us also walked out. We were there to celebrate a birthday with our two young teenage daughters. We left our meals unfinished & left. The manager on duty was unresponsive. We USED TO visit this restaurant regularly, until tonight. I checked unsure for attire as it appears ANYTHING is acceptable!
I'm not sure if this is the best Fox restaurant. As of this week, I went into sauce twice. I found a hair in my mac and cheese the first time and then the second time I went I found another hair in my pizza. Can the cooks shave? Maybe wax? It's very displeasing to the eye.
I don't think you can go wrong with anything at Sauce.  This place is one of my go to favorites.  They also have gluten free pizza crust as an option.  Good food and consistently good service.
Quick service!  The pizza and salads are so fresh and gluten free. You can definitely taste the difference! Delish!
Great place, fast service, lots of options. You really can't go wrong here. If you're not in the mood for pizza, you can get a salad, panini, or pasta; I've never tried their panini or pasta options, but they sound very good, and their salads are definitely really good! Nice and fresh. My favorite would probably have to be the chicken, spinach and apple one, but they're really all good. 

Usually for pizza, my friends and I will each get our own (they only come in 12", which is too bad - you can't get something bigger or smaller depending on how hungry you are) and just share them all. Favorite so far is the Chicken Pesto, but I also wanna try the Portobello and Artichoke. You can choose thin or thick crust, but get thin - it's best by far.

Cool, fun vibe. Love to come here, and will more and more in the future!
Sauce has the best bruschetta in the valley! Also amazing salads and great lasagna.
A M A Z I N G!!!!!!
Love this place!  Food is always consistent, the gluten free pizza is excellent!  I crave the pine nut, gorgonzola and chicken salad!  Service with a smile is quick and always attentive!
I love Sauce pretty much anything you get here is going to be good. I was disappointed though because we ordered out and they put blue cheese instead of Gorgonzola on the salad but that's not that big of deal.
One of the best restaurants in Arizona! Mac and cheese, thin crust pizza, and salads are some of the best highlights. Reasonably priced and good service as well, doesn't get much better than Sauce.
My husbands pizza was pretty good but I got the pasta with marinara and it was inedible. 

There was little to no sauce, the pasta was so over cooked it was pasty and gummy and I ended up throwing it out. 

Skip the pasta, order a pizza...at least you'll be able to eat the pizza :P
Joined my friends for lunch here at their suggestion. Pleasantly surprised. The menu is very interesting and my salad was terrific. 
The restaurant is very clean with a crisp décor with plenty of seating.
The staff was very friendly, upbeat  and courteous.
I will be back with my entire family next time!
Good food all around. Wild mushroom with arugula is my favorite. The salads are fresh and takeout is quick. Way better than fast food surrounding it.
I'm a HUGE Fox restaurant fan.  Huge. (I think it's because of the time I spent in their birthplace of Tucson)

Did you know that Sauce has $3 wine specials from time to time?  Nice. I'm a big fan of the entire menu.  The salads are delicious and filling.  2 new salads are available for the winter (see my uploaded photo of the menu).  

Service is quick and friendly.

My personal favorite menu items are:  Chicken, Spinach & Apple Salad, side of Mac n Cheese (for when you just want some kid food!), Salmon & Kale salad, and the Wild Mushroom & Truffled Arugula pizza
I'm a huge fan of Sauce. Every time I come here, I love the food. It's very simple, very causal, and very easy. 

The service is (most of the time) excellent! There really isn't much server interaction because you order at the counter and they bring you the food, but the counter people always seem to be happy and in a good mood. 

The food is really good. I usually always order the Caesar salad with a side of mac and cheese. The Caesar salad is really good. Lettuce is always crisp and fresh, and there is a nice balance between lettuce and salad dressing. It's the worst when you order a salad and it ends up swimming in dressing. But not at sauce. It is a nice portion of dressing, which has a really nice flavor. The mac and cheese is my favorite part. It's extremely creamy and not overbearingly cheesy. The pasta is cooked right to al-dente and its never soggy or mushy. The bread is also really good. They have warm mini ciabatta rolls that they serve with butter that are super good as well! 

The only con is not being able to find seating sometimes.  But hey, if that's the worst it is at Sauce, I can definitely deal with that!
Consistently delicious pizza, salad, appetizers, wine... Friendly service. This is one of the restaurants I take out of town guests for lunch because I know it's always good!
I've always driven by this place but never really had a desire to try this place. My son kept on asking if we could go here today and I gave in. So it's our day on this place. Both my son and daughter has been here multiple times so I guess we'll give it a try. 

The interior is nice with brick and decorated somewhat contemporary. The menu is on a big black board so you have to figure out what you want before you order. Fairly good sized menu. Once you order, they bring the food to your table. 

I had the Meatball Paninis which was actually pretty good. Really good and tasty. They give you potato chips on the side. My wife and son split the pepperoni and sausage pizza. Thin crust and they give you about 8 slices. Really good and they enjoyed it. My son also had their Mac & Cheese which was gobbled up. So what can I say but the food was terrific. Only problem  is that it's a good portion but on the side of not enough. I left feeling a little hungry still. 

They come by and pick up your empty dishes in a really timely manner so there weren't any table with dirty dishes. The staff was very friendly and did a good job. 

So overall, I enjoyed the meal and the experience there. I would say that this place is a good lunch spot and not sure for dinner. So enjoy.
Ordered lasagna and a chicken Caesar salad.  A pizza came to my friend and we had to tell the waitress that was not what we ordered.  A minute later the lasagna arrived, definitely was microwaved.  Then my friend had to wait 15 minutes for the salad.  Service is pretty awful, food is bland, go to Oregenos in old town for better pizza!
I've been to many Sauce locations and orginally loved the one located in the Norterra shopping center but after coming this one a few times, I'm blown away. 
The people who work here are great people. They always are smiling and say good bye when we leave. The food is the same as any other location but thats how I know it will always be good.
If you looking for a pizza choice, go with the chicken pesto. Delish!
For pasta I go with the mac & cheese with grilled chicken.

My only wish is that they would add to the menu wall the options to create your own pizza. Its on the menus by the registers but by then I've already settled on something else.
Fantastic. This pizza place has unique types of pizza and it's sensational. The ambience is great. The servers were friendly. We got the chicken pesto pizza the server suggested and loved it.
We love Sauce. 
My husband and I each get a Caesar Salad and split a create your own pizza:

Original Thin Crust
No Sauce on Pizza (we get it on the side)
Cheese
Feta
Roasted Red Peppers 
Olives

Delicious. The pizza is nice and thin but SO flavorful!

I also like their side Pasta, Red Sauce, and Mozzarella.

The people who work there are always nice and the restaurant is lovely and clean.
We originally went here because a friend gave us a gift card for our anniversary. We were not disappointed. It's comparable to the famous Pizzeria Bianco, but better... because you don't have to wait 4 hours and you can order take out. The pizza is crisp and light. When you finish eating it you don't have to collapse on your couch and take a nap. The sausage and caramelized onion pizza is amazingly savory and to DIE FOR. My kids always get the pepperoni but I really enjoy the rosemary potato. I know it seems like an odd combination but it's delish (ask them to go light on the olive tapenade, though, unless you really love olives). The spicy chicken sausage pizza and cookies are also tasty. 

The pizza is extraordinary and will make you feel like you are ordering a $30 pizza, but the prices are super reasonable at about $10 per pizza. I HIGHLY recommend this place.
Went here recently and it smelled like open sewage; I think they were burning incense to hide the bad smell. (actually I have been here twice and it smelled like sewage both times) The men's bathroom is disgusting, the service is horrible, a customers food was left next to me at the bar for several minutes until the waitress picked it up to bring to a customers table (anyone could have played with the food during that time). The bartender couldn't handle more then 3 customers, the decor is pathetic and looks like a sloppy college student decorated his dorm room with all his sports posters; I expected to see a pile of dirty socks and underwear in the corner.
They don't appear to have much to choose from for drinks, don't expect any quality liquor; the menu is very standard. Didn't dare try the food.

It's too bad, I could really like this place, because the location is great.
I use to visit Sneakers quite frequently due to it's location.  The drink specials were also an influence.  $ 2drafts on Thursdays, $2 wells for ladies on Fridays, domestic deals through out the week. The smell problem that once took place in the bathroom area has disappeared and they have added a fire pit outside, which really is only a good investment for about 2 out of the 12 months, but upgrade non the less.  There's pool tables, darts, basketball, and some other arcade games. I never have had a problem getting a drink and getting it quick. My last visit however has left an impression that has kept me from walking back through those doors.  A couple friends and myself went to watch the 2nd half of the Suns game and enjoy some $2 drafts not knowing we were entering a Frat initiation.  White undershirts and sharpies everywhere....sign my shirt, WHEW Frat 2008... because of this event I, not in a white sharpied up t-shirt, had to drink my Blue Moon out of a plastic cup.  All of a sudden I'm put on the same level as these douchebags and can't be trusted with a glass glass!   Come on I didn't walk in Wheewing and slurring my words.  I won't lie sitting around the fire pit was a bit amusing though, Sorority chics are pretty easy....I'd guess alot of those Frat boys woke up the next morning not only with hangovers but an STD or two....some probably even woke up with a dick on their face, a sharpie drawn dick that is.  

So Sneakers I will of course visit again, it's close to my house, but I think I'll call first to make sure there aren't any "special" events going on.
The word that most aptly describes the Sneaker's experience:

Eww.

This exclamation should be accompanied by a scrunched up nose, sneer or depressed sigh depending on the intonation.

Does the smell of open sewage wafting from the bathrooms entice your tastebuds? Eww! *scrunchy nose*

Do shriveled potato skins, overcooked fried zucchini sticks, or soggy hot wings float your boat? Eww. *disdainful sneer*

Does the fact that they constantly change their specials and scheduled events without notice, luring you into this depressing hole under false pretenses sound dandy? Eww... *depressed sigh*

I live dangerously close to this place, so more often than not I'll end up here when there's a dispute along the veins of: "Whatta you wanna do tonight? I dunno. How bout you?"

Most frequently this is the end decision on a Friday night, when they hold live trivia with a host and the opportunity to win 20 to 30 bucks if you come in first or second place. But it's difficult to enjoy some live trivia when it's canceled every other week without any prior notice. That kind of business ethic doesn't instill any loyalty in your customer base. It's also kind of trashy how our winning credits are always hand written in near illegible chicken scratch on a piece of register tape, only redeemable for food, and only on a day other than trivia time. I get it. You want to lure us back on a weekday so we'll spend money in the bar. Klassy.

I wouldn't have such a problem with the place if it the food was at least worth it. The nachos are huge and covered in lots of toppings but it's primarily cheap-o nacho cheese sauce or sour cream, which add little flavor and just make the whole thing a sloppy mess. The wings are soggy and generic (the hot isn't spicy in the least-- maybe they were referring to the temperature?), and there's an absolutely terrible Island Jerk flavor. The zucchini sticks are always overcooked and soggy. The cheese sticks are hard and chewy, not stringy mozzarella. The potato skins look like shriveled little potato abortions adorned by three bacon bits and some nacho sauce. The pizza is pretty decent and probably your best bet. I wouldn't recommend anything else on the menu. They use cheap, bargain basement product and it shows in the quality of the food.

That leaves the bar to make up for the abysmal food. Too bad that's pretty hit or miss, with an emphasis on the miss. For about a two month stretch Sneakers seemed to change their daily specials week by week if not day by day. One day it would be two dollar ladies mixed drinks all day, next week just 9pm to close. Then it would be two dollar drafts all day, changed to half priced wings during happy hour. I don't like the bait and switch. I understand that a new or struggling place needs to cut costs and redefine its specials but when it's changing that often (too quickly for even the signage on the tables or menus to keep up) there's a serious issue with management that needs to be addressed. 

It seems like they've finally settled things to 75 cent domestic draft beers during happy hour (Coors and Bud) and half priced appetizers. Solid. Then from 9pm to close the daily drink specials start. Good. Keep it simple, stupid.

The service at least tries to make up for the crappy food and ever changing drink specials. They're always more than patient when it comes to explaining the changes and always apologetic when they get the brunt of our disappointment when we've been victims of the ole bait and switch. 

The decor looks like a tacky college sports fan decorated it with all the tables sporting different teams and mascots, and paraphernalia splashed all over the walls willy nilly. There's also a weird identity problem going on, with some cheap wine prints on display in the bar and a gigantic statue of Uncle Lester from the Addams Family dressed in a referee suit. They offer Rock Band but I've never seen anyone playing it. They offer the Buzztime Trivia but hardly any televisions are ever tuned to it. There's a couple pool tables, darts, a basketball game, Buck Hunter and a couple other video games in the back. It just seems to be having an extreme identity crisis, trying to be something different to everyone, but half assing it so no one ends up satisfied.

They've taken to serving beer in plastic cups and giving out paper plates for food during happy hour which is a bit on the depressing side. The general vibe makes it seem like it's on the brink of closing any given week, which is too bad because they easily have one of the best patios in Tempe. 

If you're going to go, sit on the patio and enjoy the greenery, cool water, friendly ducks and turtles sunning themselves. It will make you forget just how much of a downer it is inside the place.
Saturday night is $15 for all you can drink and all you can eat pizza. Pool tables, beer pong, bean bag toss, live band.
Friendly service, have never eaten anything else besides the pizza on a saturday night.
I was warned.

I got called out to come here by some friends on a Thursday night and the experience went as such:

Enter to be carded by a young lady at the hostess stand. Which is completely okay, I'm in my late twenties I don't mind being carded.

I make my way to my friends and am informed of karaoke and a lack of waitresses. No sweat I say, I'll hit the bar. 

I visit the bar and notice the giant wall of TVs, plenty of space to sit and a patio. Good stuff so far.

The bartender cards me yet again and then gives me a wristband to prove my age. I oblige but can't help but wonder why the lady at the door didn't perform this function as well, odd. 

My Kiltlifter is served in a plastic cup. Now, I work in a bar, we serve in plastic when we're at or close to max capacity. There were _maybe_ 20 customers in the building. We sometimes get rowdy, but I doubt enough to warrant plastic, so what's the deal?

The beer was as it should be, cold and foamy. We also ended up with shots, as our resident karaoke queen needed her nightly round. Interestingly enough the shots came in standard glassware. 

No one ordered food, so I'll not comment on the supposed quality. I wouldn't expect much though.

The patio was visited as I chatted with a surly Scottish gentleman smoker. I definitely would like to see this patio during a nice spring/fall day. Looked great during the evening.

The restrooms were not visited on this maiden voyage, so I cannot comment on the condition. After reading the previous reviews I'm perfectly okay with that.

I'd give it another shot, but I wouldn't recommend the place to someone looking for sports, beer or karaoke even. It was par to sub-par all around. Bummer, as it's a nice building and in a great location.
I have to say, currently, this is my favorite bar.  It's a mile from home and the drinks are cheap...for women!  The food is pretty awesome and the drinks are always good.  The music at times can be a little over powering but if you ask nicely they will turn it down.  This place is never overcrowded, me and my friends always find a table out on the patio (unlike certain other bars around the neighborhood).  It does get busy Friday and Saturday nights but its not wall to wall people. 

Anytime I'm itching to grab a drink with friends we always think of Sneakers!
This place is a total dumpster.  That's how me and my girlfriend always refer to this place.  The owner doesn't even look like he tried to make this place look decent.  I've never been there when it was packed and the empty main room in the back make this place feel like an abandoned warehouse.  Yeah, I get this place has cheap drinks, but there is definitely a reason for that.  I feel like I might contract Hepatitis from stepping into this place.  And those cheap drinks are also ridiculously small.   This place needs to be shut down by the Sanitation Department as soon as possible.
Open 24 hours. Of course, it's Vegas, after all. 
You walk in and it's like a game show: 
Door #1 or Door #2. 
On your right, the entrance to the bar.
On your left, the entrance to the dining area. 

We were in the mood for something comfort-foody and fun near the house, so my Hostest with the Mostest in LV took me here. 
Prices with a beer are around $15-20 per person- dining area is small but NOT smoky b/c there's a glass partition between the dining area and the bar (hurray.) 

Service was good, friendly- they have multiple flat screens that show sporting events and the like, so i would imagine, a fun place for a meal and then drinks during The Big Game/Match/whatever. 

Menu items are burgers, salads, sandwiches, fish and chips.... Your main good ol' American Standards, and the ambiance is low-light 'lodgey' which is kind of a nice change. Not as Lodge-y as The Great Northern, but still, fun.
Locals who have put in 20+ visits in its short history are better qualified to speak on this, so this will be a review based on one sandwich. But I'll get this out of the way: nice interior, nice TVs, better than average (for a bar) French onion soup.

For a late dinner, I had the "Tri Tip Dip" which is described as roasted tri-tip stuffed into a french roll served au jus.  Let's consider the lies.  First, it comes with some processed cheese not mentioned on the menu (correct me if I'm wrong). Next, this meat is clearly not roasted, but processed, tasting almost exactly like steak-umms. The meat itself contained some sizeable chunks of un-chewable gristle.  Tri-tip, even untrimmed, contains no gristle, so it had to be some other inferior cut.  Au jus means "its own juices", but this was certainly some sort of reconstituted powder (or worse) with very little beef taste to speak of.  But it did improve the sandwich.  Lastly, the roll has more in common with a hot dog bun than a baguette.  You don't get to call a roll "French" just because of its shape.

There was a distinct smell of skunk coming from one of the cars in the parking lot on our way out.  Must have been the chef.
my roomies and I love the lodge, we live about 5 minutes away so this is a great place to go to after work for a few drinks and late night eats, I go for either the mushroom burger, spinach dip (with 1/2 garlic bread 1/2 chips) or the BLT on sourdough, a little pricey at about $9 for a burger but after midnight the bartenders and waitstaff are super nice and it's convenient to where we live.  **I've won a couple times on bar slots too woohoo!
This place has a decent menu with good food and reasonable prices. Most of the lunches and breakfasts are under $10. Drink prices are not bad either. My girlfriend and I often like to come here for breakfast. 

The crowd is usually fairly light. The bar area is very clean and has plenty of room for socializing with friends in a cozy environment. There are pool tables in the back. A separate dining room is present if you want to eat away from the occasional smokers in the bar.
This is definitely a local spot. But come on look where it's at. As far as bars go it's sort of limited in Southern Highlands. But the lodge isn't bad, I've come here many of times for drinks and the bartenders are rather cool. I love playing pool here when I get the chance and the food is , well normal bar food. Nothing bad. The atmosphere is very laid back but I only thing (and it's what all lodges have) is I tend to get too relaxed and want to head home to sleep...
The Lodge at Cactus is my second home:) It's a neighborhood bar... Like Cheers, I go here because everyone knows my name. Fun, friendly staff, good food, great drinks, and sports on the TVs. What more could you want in a bar?
If you're in the Southern Highlands area looking for a place to relax, unwind, and grab a drink, this is the place for you!  They have a great, friendly staff, a wide selection of alcohol at the bar, and tasty bar food!  My favorites to order are the Country Fried Chicken and their Garlic Parmesan Chicken Fingers.  I often go here late at night with some friends to hang out, grab some drinks, and play pool.
Lodge is a wonderful neighborhood bar in Southern highlands.  Great bar food and drinks and awesome place to watch football and basketball.  Staff is cool and attentive.  Good happy hour bar food menu.
This place is decent for a local neighborhood bar, better than PT's...I like that it is located in Southern Highlands in a nice area.  Chill, laid back vibe..you can chill at the bar and watch sports or you can sit in the non-smoking area and eat also.  They have 2 pool tables for those people that like to shoot pool.  In terms of food...their burgers are really good and their fried twinkie with ice cream desert is really addicting! This is a great place to either pre-game before going out or to finish up the night.  Whenever I'm in Southern Highlands chillin with friends, we'll always hit this place up.
This bar reminds me of an upscale PT's. It has gaming but also has pool tables and food. Drinks were kinda high
My husband and I went there with 2 other couples.  Had a good time, but a few days later we all noticed that they charged an additional tip on our cards.  If it just happened to one of us I would count it as human error, but all 3 of us had anywhere from $10 to $17 of additional tip on our bills.  It was quite noticeable since we each only had 1 or 2 drinks.  I am pissed that I left her $5 on a $16 bill now!!!! She should have got nothing!!
This is the 4th time we have been at this Lodge.  I'm not sure why we come back because there service is always bad.  They have changed the menu and what we had was very good but there waitress service is always very slow.  They never have enough staff.  Not sure if we will come back and it is unfortunate because we live in the area.
I actually prefer this Lodge to the others in the area. For whatever reason, it just seems lighter and prettier. It is less of a party-like scene and more friendly. And the bartenders are nicer. Plus, karaoke nights are kinda fun and awesome.
A great place to enjoy some cocktails and food or to shoot a game of pool. The prices are reasonable and the quality is definitely much better than any other bar food.  The servers and bartenders were always super friendly and on top of their game. It is much cleaner and the food is better then Pt's and the atmosphere much cozier. 
Through the high, wooden ceiling the space feels open....you won't have that depressing, dark "gaming bar feeling".
This place is great. EXCEPT... dont expect to get ANY service if you like to play pool, Golden Tee, or Buck Hunter. Unless your dating someone there or are foolish enough to gamble ungodly amounts of money. You could probably pack your own drinks in and nobody would notice. My friends call it the area of invisibilty. We are currently looking fo another place to regular at.
We live right across the street so we used to be regulars here. The last time we were here(which happened to be this morning), we waited a good ten minutes before we saw a server, although we could hear them chatting up their weekend plans in the kitchen.  It took another ten minutes to get our drinks. After waiting another fifteen+ minutes for someone to come back and take our order, we finally gave up, left some money on the table for our drinks and left. This will be the last time we visit this place. Unfortunately the food isn't good enough to have to deal with such awful service.
Terrible experience, ordered to go from the bar and the order was incorrect.  Very simple order, only 2 items from the menu and they did not get it correct.  The worst part of the experience was chasing down a bartender/waitress when I showed up just to get my order in.  Service to the customers was clearly the last thing on all of their minds as I stand there waiting just to place my order.  I am a very understanding person when it comes to being busy but the place was fairly quiet.
The Food was good!  Service staff were weak!     Good beer and food.    It's always the people who bring the dinning down!   Good luck next time!
Good food and never too busy. Salads are fresh, onion rings crisp, not greasy and the sourdough bread has flavor. We are quickly becoming regulars as the pricing is good. Service is friendly, but sometimes a little slow. Since the area has so few choices for inexpensive dining, frankly I am surprised that they are never crowded here.
It took me 2 years to realize that this place was a true gem. It's literally 1 minute away from my house, but I never cared to go in. After one long night, my boyfriend and I decided to check this place out. We were really impressed with how their food tasted, especially the NY Steak and Eggs! It is now our late night spot & I love how they're open 24 hours. 
I also recommend the Salmon with Lemon Pepper Shrimp and the Ahi appetizer for all you fish/seafood lovers.
Excellent Staff & GREAT Food!!!

I just recently moved to a new house in the area and I love coming here after work beautiful nice bartenders great food and fun people to mingle with!! Not a better place you can ask for and I truly love it here! Ask for jennifer shes a awesome bartender always on point and great to socialize with!!!!

Love my new local bar !!!!
My family and I go here weekly!! Usually on Wednesday nights because all food & drinks are half off!! The food is so great and I love their servers! Katie is our favorite but they are all fantastic!! All their food taste homemade which is the best part!
Would not recommend this place for an early lunch. The service was awful, the wait was long, and our order was wrong. I didn't think ordering chicken fingers was that elaborate or confusing. My mistake!
Superb wait staff and very fun atmosphere.  This could be a great Sunday hangout with FB season about to start!
We go 3-4 times a month if not more.  GREAT food, GREAT bar staff.  Often they have great dining specials  We were referred to the Shelbourne location for crab legs....AHHHH MAZING! so we decided to see the cactus location for their rib eye.. DELICIOUS.  We'll be back  as usual.  Wish they would coming food and bar on the same  tab
The Ahi Wrap was incredible.  So damn good!!!!
I am disappointed in this place. I was a huge fan of coming here for drinks and food. I absolutely love their shrimp fajitas. All my friends that have come with me before no longer come because every time we receive awful service. I kept giving it a chance but today was my last visit. 

My husband and I went in for some food and drinks. We received our menu and immediately knew what we wanted to order. So we sat and waited. 15 minutes later somebody finally asked if we were ok and I told her we wanted to order. The food came out, it was good and then we were ready for our check. The bartender asked if we needed anything and I said "yes a to-go box and our checks." She then went on to doing other things, including taking shots with other guests and chatting it up with the people next to us. We waited a good 20 minutes and then we decided to just leave. I left $20 cash on the table. That should have covered most of the bill but I don't really care, they should have been more attentive to us. I have never walked out on a place before until now.I work in a restaurant as well and I would never be so in attentive to a guest. Management needs to do something about their staff.
Food was excellent and the waitress was cute. Will definitely be back for both.

Not sure how long yelp wants the reviews to be so this is just filler.
I came in to celebrate a friends birthday, so I did not get to try any of their food or drinks. This is just a review of the experience. Thy have really high ceilings and a great environment. Although smoking is allowed at the bar, I did not smell it. They have a pool table, shooting game, and a golf game towards the back. They were pretty entertaining. Also, the service was great. We were often asked what we needed and in a timely fashion. I also love the seating around the bar.

There is a closed-off area of the lodge that is for non-smoking. It actually even has a different entrance than the bar. I think this is great, since people don't want to smell smoke when they are eating.

I hope to come back to try their food.
This bar is awesome. It has pool tables, a fire place, lounge area and it has so much space. The bartenders are so attentive and are ready to fill up your drink whenever you need it. I like coming here.
Well all I can say is the chicken wings we ordered were still half frozen when served to us. We told the server, he reaches onto our plate and grabs a wing off of it, then says "yea, you're right, let me tell the cook" He comes back out and takes another wing off the plate to "check if they're all cold" at this point I don't want any of the food on the plate after his hands have been in it. The nachos were very, um, creative? They had canned stewed tomatoes. Stewed tomatoes. Gross.  I asked for a greyhound with kettle one, which was basically ocean spray white grapefruit juice, no kettle one. 

So in closing, I'd say avoid this place. Go next door to Roberto's. You have a better chance of getting decent nachos.
The worst place in Las Vegas for service. It sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They train their people to not make eye contact. Takes forever for food or drink. Lard ass bartender is a joke. Tall and stupid . 
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Used to really like this place. But just came here and sat for 40 minutes and no one ever came up to us. Got up and left. Huge disappoint.
Service was friendly but REALLY slow, as always.  We came 4 their Valentine's special but they ran out of bottles of Chardonnay.  Wat kind of bar manager lets his bar run out of Chardonnay on Valentines Day?
The place is cool, except for the angry looking Asian man (must be management??) that stands at the end of the bar with his arms crossed..not sure what his purpose is, maybe he's a bouncer??    Don't see that in other local bars... Weird...
First time and last time. Came in for a drink and some food. Bartender was cold as ice. No thanks and come again from her after leaving her a pretty good tip. She could care less. First impression was very awful. Food was ok but super greasy. I would never return with so many options in Las Vegas.
Ouch! I never wished I steped foot inside this bar. The female bartender seemed liked we were a nuisance in between her twitter updates. I wish I could get paid to update my social media status instead of serving my customers. Didn't even bother to stay to try the food. We left after one drink because of the poor service. It was not a pleasurable experience.
Nice local bar with decent pub food. 

I enjoy breakfasts here with my little girl on the weekends. And go Wednesday nights for buy one get one free entrees. 

I really like the sandwiches and the salads. My little one likes the sliders and chicken fingers. 

Only draw back, the service can be a bit slow, so if your in a hurry recommend asking for check or it might not come.
Looking forward to watching basketball and having dinner at the bar.  The menu said chicken Marsala with grilled chicken on a bed of linguine and a Marsala sauce.  Imagine my surprise when I was brought a plate with spaghetti and an oily coated sauce and chopped up chicken.  No Marsala sauce and no linguine.  The waitress came by and asked how I liked it and I told her I didn't and it wasn't as described in the menu.  She said oh.  I asked her if she new the difference between spaghetti and linguine and she said no and I said neither does the chef. Next time I saw her was when she gave me a bill for $16.  Won't be returning.
We sit at the bar and enjoy the music and sports on the HD TV's.  They have a separate dinning area.  Great food and service.  We recently moved into the neighborhood and have frequented The Lodge several times.  The bartenders are friendly and courteous.  They have a couple of pool tables and a Golden Tee golf game.  Nice place to kick back and enjoy your favorite game while enjoying a meal or cocktail.
Went there to kill time while I was getting my car serviced at Tire Works. Though I have been here before, and this was my fourth time coming here, I felt compelled to give my two cents about this place. In particular the service and food I received on my last visit. 
Consistent great customer service. Both the bartender and waitress were extremely friendly & helpful. Decent bar food and prices. I had the wings n fries. Hot n spicy like I like them, and the fries were crispy!! The video poker machine was being good to me and my drink of Seagrams 7 Diet Coke was spot on, served in a decent size glass with the right amount of ice!! Overall I had a great experience on my last visit & made my time fly while waiting for my car's new tires next door. The only thing is don't order any mix drink. They use the heavy syrup bottle stuff ( Bloody Mary's, margaritas) other than that...if you stick to beer and straight up liquor drinks...you'll be fine!! This is the only reason why I did not give 5 stars.
Worst. Bartender. Ever. 

One night I left because I couldn't catch his eye, among about all three patrons. Came back tonight because well, a girl works up a thirst and there isn't much in this neck of the desert. Same tall drip, same problem. Maybe I should put my tits on the bar. 


 However, there is a pool table, the food is decent, Jane's Addiction was on the muzak when I arrived and the waitresses on the floor seem personable.
One of my boyfriends favorite places come eat it had one of the best salads I have had in a long time chicken almonds on a bed of greens with balsamic dressing. My boyfriend loves the streak with the mushroom sauce he's in food a coma. Make sure to get Lauren she is wonderful so attentive, sweet, and friendly. They are lucky to have her working for them .
Me and my daughter were cruising around when I found this place. I was expecting just a deli for lunch but we walked in and to my surprise it is also had a full diner and a wine bar room along with the market and deli counter to boot! We sat down for lunch I was not expecting the niceness of it at all. There were TVs and lot's of sport's memorabilia. The staff was very courteous and knowledgeable it is family owned and they were very welcoming. I just ordered a Veggie sandwich all sandwiches come with your choice of potato or veggie salad or chips. I went with the potato it was delicious not your avg potato salad at all! It had peas and grated carrots in it and was yellow in color see pics* They didn't really have a kid type menu but they did their best they made her chicken finger's, all their meat's are all natural too! +++ There was not anyone else in the front dining room so I got to chat with the man a bit he said they have been there 2 years I came at a slow time late afternoon after lunch rush which was great we had the whole place to ourselves. He said they have wine tasting on Thurs. night's and Fri. is Poker night which I will surely be returning for asap! Turned out we had the same exact car color and all I don't take coincidences lightly lol! I cant wait to go there for a good dinner and minus a child next time. 
See their extensive menu of imported beer and wine!
It is hiding behind the Goodwill a happy find for sure!
This restaurant has been shut down before I could eat their delicious food. Alerting Yelp management.
Man this place is/was? really good, great goulash, great sausages, yummy potato pancakes, a really good beer selection.  Last time I went by there, the door was locked, but there were still goods on the shelves, and sausages in the case.  Their website is still up as well.  I really hope it is not closed for good.
I've been eating here for over 20 years.  The owners change.  The staff changes.  The menu remains pretty much the same.

What else does NOT change is the food -- consistently delicious!  Served quickly.  Friendly doesn't change either.
For a place that has been there for over 20 years, I'm surprised that more people haven't heard of this place.  I know there has been many different owners as Charlie G. mentioned in his review, but that is no excuse for more Yelpers not knowing about this place.  NY's Best Italian Bistro is in a random location in the Scottsdale Air Park right by the runway.  We sat inside because it was freezing out, but had it been warmer it would have been nice to watch the planes landing/taking off while eating our meals.

My party of 4 went last night (Monday) at about 7pm and the place was not crowded at all.  The place is very cozy with about 2 dozen tables and a small bar area.  I was told that the place gets pretty busy around lunch time and on weekends.

Upon entering we were immediately greeted by a host/our waiter/the place's owner.  He is the nicest guy ever and I could have listened to him talk about his food all day long.  He is a heavyset Italian fellow who talks with a strong NY/Italian accent.  You can tell he loves his restaurant and his food with a passion.  We asked him several questions about his establishment and his food and he provided friendly and detailed answers.

Their menu is not has huge as some of the other Italian places around, but still contains the typical fare.  I hate it when there are millions of choices because it makes it difficult to choose.

The bread our table was given was superb.  It was fresh, hot and fluffy.  I'm not sure what kind it was but I think it was some type of foccacia bread.  It came with a bowl of olive oil with some spices/other stuff which was an excellent combination.

* I was really looking forward to the Caesar salad with their homemade dressing but right when I was about to order it our waiter said, "Wait, our chef messed up and made an extra Mediterranean salad.  I'll give that to your table on the house."  I couldn't argue with that so I'll get the Caesar next time.  Anyway, the Mediterranean salad was excellent and full of good stuff.  It is enough for 4 people to share.

* Next we got a small 10 inch Margarita pizza to share.  It was excellent.  You could tell that the mozzarella was fresh and the sauce homemade.  It is more than enough for a few people to share for an appetizer.

* Chicken Parm - WOW!  A huge piece of breaded chicken topped with homemade sauce and more of that great mozzarella.  It was soooo good!

Just about all the meals come with a side of pasta and I like it that you can choose whole wheat pasta.  Thats what I got and it was ok.  I probably could have done without it though.

For dessert I insisted we at least try something so I ordered their homemade cannoli.  It wasn't excellent but was pretty good.  I like that it wasn't humongous though.  Next time I'm going to try their homemade tiramisu.

I can't wait to go back and try more of their excellent food.  I want to try everything, but I may try a healthier option and get meatballs or meat bolognese over veggies.  I cleared it with the owner and he assured me they would make just about any of their meals any way that you want.
This place is malto bene! The owner is honest and sincere and has a love for his business. The waiter was great and was really good with the kids. Linen tablecloths and napkins, I felt underdressed in khakis and a polo! But everyone was dressed casual....

The antipasto salad served 2 adults and 3 boys.... Fantastic with fresh meats and cheeses, crisp lettuce and artichoke hearts.

The saltimbocca was wonderful and the gnocchi's were cooked perfect.

Enjoy this little, tucked away bistro....ask for a grappa.... Really generous and good tasting!
We ate here tonight and the food was incredible! It is tucked back off the "beaten path" but don't let that fool or deter you from checking it out. If you are from Chicago or NY you will LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! It rivals food I've had in both of those locations (and then some)! I ordered the fettucini pesto and my wife got the baked pasta - both were fantastic. We also started with their calamari which was above average and finished off the dinner with tiramisu and cappuccino's. Sad to say, but the tiramisu here is so much better than my italian mother-in-laws (which is seriously good!). In the valley you will be hard pressed to find a better joint.

In addition to the food the wait staff, the owner(s), and the family atmosphere are amazing.  The Staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome and let us know they appreciated our business.  We'll definitely be back.  There aren't many places like this left, so If you live/are in the area, be sure to stop in.
Went here over the Thanksgiving holiday with all the family, 12 of us. The service was great and the food was very good for Arizona standards. I would definitely come back here. The kids loved the pizza, NY style of course. I am happy to gave found this place and will go back regularly.
Very friendly staff! Our server was very nice, and the owner stopped by to say hello. Our water glasses were always full, and our table was kept nice and clean.

The food is very good, and it is definitely reasonable for the price. The only complaint is that some of the food is VERY heavy. It felt a bit like a brick was in my stomach after we were done eating. Also, I heated up my leftover pasta the next day, and it was very easy to see all the oil that my pasta was drenched in.

All in all, great service and good food.
I returned here a few evenings ago with a party of 6.  The service and food was excellent as always.  I had the eggplant parm which was great and so was the Caesar salad.

We also ordered a large margarita pizza.  I didn't really like it that much because there wasn't enough cheese but I was told that is how it should be.  The crust however was phenomenal.  It was kinda on the thicker side, a bit crispy and a bit chewey.  It kinda sorta had the flavor and texture of a croissant.  I didn't confirm it, but it didn't matter because it was excellent.
The food is delicious! It's tucked away in the Scottsdale Airpark but it's one of the best kept secrets in there. 
Great Italian food. Nice people working there. 
Love it!
Their Mediterranean salad is amazing!! Wonderful food, every time!
Great food, great people!
Big portions, fast and friendly service.  Feels like I was back in The Bronx
What a find!!  I took my family to this place and everyone loved it.  The young teenager and a couple of adults, each with very different taste concerns.  All of us were very happy with the meal.  

As a family we all poked around in each other's plates and we were all very pleased with all of it.  The young one had a pizza that everyone at the table loved.  One of us had the squash ravioli and that was probably the biggest hit of the night.  I am not usually a fan of oddly stuffed ravioli so I did not order it, but certainly would next time.  That was an amazing meal.  

The deserts are also made on the premises from scratch.  

The price for this meal was very reasonable.  Four of us ate for about $100 and we had deserts, coffee, beverages and sides. 

This place is adjacent to the Scottsdale airport.  Off the beaten path.  Must try.
I used to come here every single day for lunch religiously, but since new owners as of about 2 months ago or so it sucks big time.  They are changing everything including the recpies :( They will run this place into the ground and that really is too bad.
I gave them a try a couple of times but its just not the same!!! Food and Service not happy with at all.
The owners of this restaurant are awesome! They're like your sweet aunt and uncle that make you amazing food. Lunch is delicious, and dinner is even better! The wait staff is passionate, and courteous! I recommend them to my customers all the time!
Spaghetti Bolognese was really good.  This place is not on Scottsdale Rd.  Only a block off but it has no visability.  If it weren't for Yelp, I would have never found it.  May explain why I was their only customer at 6:30 pm.  Definately will be returning.
Four stars for lunch.  Two for dinner.  The food's great across the board.  So is the service.  I just don't notice being in 70's era surroundings at the end of a municipal runway as much when chowing down on a $15 lunch cheesesteak and soda, the way I do when forking over $30 for a bowl of pasta and glass of wine.
Damn! This place totally rocked. 

I was in AZ on business and needed a little Italian food to comfort me after 10 days on the road. NY's Best Italian Bistro was just the thing I needed. 

The people working there were all smiles and took great care to make sure everything was perfect. The waitress described each special in a way that made me want to eat the air around her to capture the flavor of the words that she just bespoke.

The eggplant appetizer with a stuffing of ricotta cheese, spinach and basil was topped with a chunky, tart and mouth-exploding marinara sauce that made me utter "oh my God" in disbelief. It was amazing. And so simple. 

Next up was the gluten-free penne with meatballs in a vodka sauce. Huge portion of taste that no mortal could finish. But it was a great snack the next day in my hotel room. 

Wine list was good and I will definitely be back here next time I roll through Scottsdale.
The original owners are back and New Yorks Best is better than ever as far as I can tell. As a regular prior to the ownership change in sept/oct of 11 it was sad to see Donna and Tommy go and almost right away things started changing for the worse with them gone. Well I am happy to report to yelp that Donna and Tommy are back and the food and service is better than ever and I have been averaging lunch there about 3 times a week as you just can't beat the quality of slices they sell. For any other old regulars out there like myself head back in the waters are fine, and for my fellow yelpers who haven't tried this place I would strongly suggest stopping in and grabbing a slice of pizza as it doesn't get better than this place unless if you have time to hop a flight to new york on your lunch break.
Finally my favorite people from NYC are back in Business!!! NY's Best Italian Bistro is back to normal! I have been waiting for this since the business was sold to people that did not know what they were doing.
Donna & Tommy you are the best!!!

Love, Sam
Best Italian food we've had in AZ! Attentive, efficient, and friendly service and an open-kitchen concept, plus an outside patio. It's at the tip of the Scottsdale Airport runway, not easy to find, but so worth it!!

They start you with a fresh-baked, piping-hot pillow of Foccacia bread with seasoned olive oil to dip it in. The Eggplant Rolletini appetizer was a special tonight, and thanks to another Yelp recommendation, we ordered it and it was out of this world. 

We also had Lasagna (terrific) and the Filet Mignon Saltimbocca special with prosciutto, melted fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, and a marsala sauce with roasted potatoes to soak up the delicious sauce. Yummy tiramisu and slam-dunk Canollis. Everything tastes so fresh and delicious, head and shoulders above the Italian chains. 

You need to try this place! : )
A real hidden gem in the Scottsdale area.  Been to New York's Best Itailan Bistro multiple times over the last year and have never been disappointed.  Great Italian food, and there are always multiple specials each day.  I almost always get the chicken parmesean, which is the best I've ever had.  The employees are always very nice and happy to serve you as well.  All in all it is my favorite Italian restaurant in Phoneix.
Best.Bruschetta.Ever.  I came here with some co-workers for lunch and found quite a gem! I would have never found it on my own as it was tucked away, but thanks to Yelp I found it! Apparently one of my co-workers had been coming here for years but had kept the secret all to himself. The Mediterranean salad with chicken was very good, and the bruschetta was to die for! I liked the chewy bread instead of crusty, crispy kind.  The pizza bread was decent but could have been a bit saucier.  The decor is adorable. I am always so happy to find small places like this!
Disappointed to say the last.  

Ambience - 1
Service - 1
Food - 2

Reminded us of a place headed for Kitchen Nightmares.
On a family vacation in Scottsdale, AZ, we stumbled across this quaint little Italian restaurant that was tucked away by the airport about a block off Scottsdale Road. The reviews were good, we were hungry and with a family full of ex-New Yorkers living in Southern California, we're always up for some good New York atmosphere.  As we pulled up and walked in, someone held the door open for us... turned out to be one of the owners (I believe)... I was immediately greeted (as the last one of the bunch walking in.. and hobbling on a banged up knee from a day of tubing through rapids).. with sarcasm on how I should "take my time, they'll be open another 5 hours"..

Ahh... New York sarcasm.  I was already feeling "at home".

We sat down fairly quickly.  The restaurant had a good amount of people in it, but still had room for us with barely a wait.

We never said anything about being "from New York" but were treated quite well from the wait staff (and owners/managers) who kept checking in to be sure everything was going well. 

THE FOOD:
The menu was typical Italian.  Amongst the 7 of us we had Linguini in White Clam sauce, Eggplant Parmagiana, Shrimp Parmagiana, Gnocchi, a small pizza, Cavatelli w/ sausage & broccoli and Calamari Fra Diavolo (ordered by my 8 year old son).  The one thing I wanted to get but passed on was the Braciole (in mama's gravy).  That was a special, but I opted for the Linguini instead.  EVERYTHING was really good.  We didn't stay for desert since we were all tired from the long day of tubing, so I can't comment on the deserts... but we were all quite happy with our meal.

Additional Service note: We found out towards the end of our meal that our waitress was from Massapequa, NY (a town on Long Island that my wife & I lived in w/ the kids before moving to Cali).  The other owner came over.. he was from the Bronx.  We all joked around a bit and they were certainly a friendly bunch.  I observed how friendly the staff was with other guests too and they certainly appeared to make everyone feel welcome.  Always a plus.

Good food + Good, friendly service from people who appear to honestly care is alway a winner in my book.

There's a Maggiano's down the road and a couple of "NYPD"'s, but I HIGHLY recommend this place for it's authenticity.
By far the best Italian food I've ever had. Everything here is just incredible. I love that everything is imported from Italy, if not made from scratch. The waiters are very welcoming, personable and make it obvious that they care deeply about the quality of food, service, and the customer experience.
O.M.G.
I had a patient rave about the food here.  He lived part-time in Chicago and we were trading some of our local / Chicago favorite restaurants.  He mentioned New York's Best Italian Bistro and I thought it sounded like a deli.

He recommended I go check it out.  So I arranged date night with the SO (who turns down an opportunity for date night after all?) and went last Friday.

By far the BEST Italian food I hve ever had.  My boyfriend and I shared the Bruschetta as a starter.  Wonderful flavors (be prepared for garlic!) and was the perfect size for two.
For dinner I chose the Gnocchi with Bolognese Sauce and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna. The Bolognese Sauce was OMG perfect and the Gnocchi tender and plentiful.  The lasagna came out bubbling hot, with just the perfect amount of sauce, and it almost had a sweet side to it, and both dishes were delicious.

The Tiramisu ........wow.....the fluffiness, the creaminess, the subtle hint of liquer....

We will be back!!!!
I love this place! Family-owned, amazing food. It's off the beaten path and not overly crowded. I can't wait to go back!
Huge portions....don't let the industrial park vibe outside scare you. The staff is very friendly and food is totally solid, if not super inventive.  If you are looking for a good mix between fast-ish food and homemade cooking and don't mind looking like you are pulling up to a storage locker for a body dump, this is the place for you!  Chicken parm sandwich for the win.
I swear we've tried about every Italian rest in Scotts & Phx and been disappointed, but not this one!  Even better that its family owned. Tucked away by Scotts airport, tbird/Scotts rd.  go for dinner. homemade bread that is still warm that is delicious and order one of the specials. Chef made a special order meal for my picky son and I never saw him eat so much! Hubbie & split a bottle of wine. This place truly cares about its customers and service is outstanding! My only critique would be to sit in the area on the right when you first walk in- the ambiance is a little nicer, better decor & less white hairs.  We will definitely go back!
Great classic Italian food. I usually get either the gnocchi or cavatelli with rosa sauce and always leave with a smile on my face. They also have great slices of pizza at lunch.
The best Italian food I've ever had (and I lived in North Beach in San Francisco). The second I walked in, the owner Tommy greeted me with a warm Italian welcome. Our Waiter John was amazing. The food was out of this world! From appetizers to desert I was impressed.
1. Sacchetti Con 4 Formaggio E Pere: Homemade pasta pouches. Filled with 4 cheeses and fresh pears in a brown butter sauce with romano cheese shavings.
2.Penne Alla Vodka: Penne with Tomato Vodka Cream Sauce 
3.Fettuccine Alfredo
My office used to be just down the street, so I decided to try it as I am always looking for a hidden gem.  I found it here.  I have only eaten lunch, but have never once been disappointed.  I usually get the hot italian sandwich, which is out of this world.  I also enjoy their hippie rolls and calzones, which are unreal as well.  I now take clients to this spot whenever it is convenient.  You won't be disappointed!
Been here a few times, but today marks the day I review it.  The reason is because I took a girl out to lunch here, she had their slice of pizza, and there was a long hair under/in the cheese half way through eating it.  Gross!.  She lost her appetite, I felt like crap for telling her it was a good place.  The food is good as long as they hold the hair.  Didn't ask for a refund, but did get another slice for her, so she can attempt to overlook the previous one.
Great little casual, NY Italian spot that we keep coming back too.
Had a very good dinner last night, good service very friendly staff. We had the Marsala and pasta special and would recommend both
Found this place from a recommendation in Sports Car Market. Excellent choice. Coming to Scottsdale for the car auctions for 10 years.  As a resident from South Jersey, I am an Italian food snob. This is the best Italian restaurant I have found in the Phoenix area. If you want good authentic Italian food- give it a shot. You won't be disappointed.
I found this little gem in the middle of nowhere. Thanks to all the Yelp reviews. Let me start off by saying that this place is in the middle of a business park. We went for dinner on a Saturday night so the business park was empty except a few cars in one corner of the parking lot. The restaurant is not facing the street so I just followed the parked cars. 

All I have to say about this place is wow. The decor is casual. Nothing really pops out to me but the food is great. 

My wife was going wild over the hot fresh bread. I had the thin crust Margherita pizza. Very good. I really enjoyed it. My wife had the spaghetti with meat sauce and really enjoyed it. We think that they used the same sauce for the pizza and spaghetti which we're not complaining cause it was so good. 

We ended our meal with their homemade Spinoni that had three flavors of chocolate, pistachio and strawberry that was dipped in a hard chocolate. This was so good. We were fight over the last few bites and of course my wife won. 

The service was great. They were filling our water cups in a timely manner without us asking. The server was very friendly, helped and very pleasant. They were very grateful that we came in and everyone thanks us. 

What can I say great Italian food, good service but hidden in a business park. Can't wait to bring our kids.
This is one of my favorite places to eat when Italian food is craved. All of the menu items I've had have been excellent but the speacials are always to die for!
We found this place by an act of God, literally.  We were down here vacationing and were looking for a place to eat later in the evening.  NYBIB came up on a search for Italian restaurants on my car's navigation system.  We called and learned that they were due to close in 15 minutes (9 pm) but they told us to come in, so we did.  My wife said the voice on the phone sounded both like he was from NY and Italian.

The moment we set food inside, I knew we were in for the real deal.  My wife and I are both part Italian and familiar with very good Italian cuisine.  I could tell just from looking at the parties remaining at a couple of tables that this little hidden away eatery was going to be very good and it did not disappoint.  The diners looked local and Italian and were obviously enjoying themselves immensely.
 
We were greeted, seated and served by one of the owners and chefs name John.  As it turned out, he was from the same neighborhood in the Bronx where my family is from. After a little more talking, I learned that we were the same age, born in the same hospital (two months apart) and went to the same Catholic school as kids.  Small world.

I initially thought I was going to a nice little pizza joint but this little gem is much more than that.  After John told us what the specials were, the pizza idea was put on the back burner and we went for a full blown Italian feast.  My wife and I ordered and greatly enjoyed two of their featured specials . . . one was talapia baked in marinara sauce and capers and the other was homemade oso bucco ravioli.  Both were perfect, something different that the run of the mill Italiano fare,

We also ordered a roasted/grilled artichoke marinated in garlic, herbs and olive oil that was out of this world good.  They also serve homemade focacia bread with olive oil and herbs for dipping.  All that and a couple of glasses of their house Chianti made for a wonderful and authentic Italian dining event.  Our teenage son and nephew were equally impressed and recognized the authenticity of the restaurant almost immediately.

We finished our meal with canolli and homemade spumoni ice cream both of which were the best I've had anywhere.  

The service was very attentive and friendly.  The food was some of the best I've sampled and the entire experience was A-1.  We will be visiting this little bistro which is tucked away in an industrial park just a block off of Scottsdale Blvd and Redfield.  I am so glad we found it.  What a gem of a restaurant.  Don't miss it.
If you are lucky to be there on a night when the Chef makes his special RAGU sauce then you truly be in for a treat pasta with meatballs,sausage and a pork chop. INCREDIBLE try it.
have been eating here since it opened,the food has always been great.the family is always very nice to all.and will be eating there again tonite..........love it
I love this place!!
Having found this restaurant from great reviews on Yelp - decided to give it a go.
My husband has been on the hunt for the best spaghetti Bolognese in the valley! and he found it!!!!
The grilled peaches - amazing
The Chicken masala - best ever  
Creme Brulle - have only amazing things to say about it 
and of course the Spaghetti Bolognese - this is by far the best I have ever tried!

Best Italian food around!!
The best Italian food I've had in AZ. Closest to little Italy in NY.  Appetizer was grilled pizza dough topped with fig jam, prosciutto, arugula, cherry tomatoes, shaved Parmesan and drizzled with white truffle oil and balsamic glaze. Awesome!  We had Malbec  wine, the best eggplant parmesan with delicious tomato sauce. My husband had shrimp scampi--also very good. For dessert a comp cannoli (b-day) and imported peach sorbet served in a fresh peach. A go back for sure!
Hidden gem is the key phrase.  I go to NY Best every couple of months and get reminded about what a great experience it is - great service with their "welcome" atmosphere and terrific food.  Tonight I had the special appetizer - grilled peaches with mascarpone and prosciutto.  Very good although I admit I missed my Mediterranean salad.  The spaghetti carbonara was so authentic that I may never be able to order anything else which would be a shame because everything is so good.  If you're there on a Saturday and they have the "Sunday gravy", order it but hope that you didn't eat all day.  Will keep recommending to my friends and will start to put on my calendar more often.  Thank you!
So, I went here because it had four and a half stars on Yelp. Would have never found this place on my own as it is tucked on a side street along the runway of the Scottsdale airport.  The food did not disappoint.  The bread was average, but the dipping sauce made up for it.  The only reason it did not get five stars is that it's wine selection is pretty limited.  Service was great, perfect for families.
Great place.  Great food...piping hot and delicious.  Excellent service.  House chianti was exceptional too.  I would just request to sit on the left side when you come in.  It looked to be quieter over there.  The right side is adjacent to the open kitchen.
Excellent food and outstanding service.  I loved the home made ravioli stuffed pumpkin!
We dined here for a birthday celebration.  The wait staff was excellent and they were very accommodating, I wish the seats were a little bigger and softer as I needed a pillow.  All the food was amazing, well prepared and came out in a timely fashion.. The waiter John is from the east coast and hit it off with my family members.  The antipasto was great as an app and everyone had fresh made pasta with one pizza.  the food melted in your mouth and even the bathrooms were clean.  It is right next to the Scottsdale airpark.  Great Food, Great Services, Great atmosphere and Great time .  Enjoy from one foodie to another
This place has awesome specials!  I found it by 'word of mouth' and couldn't be more pleased.  You should go here!!!
Visiting Arizona wanting Italian food, yelped it and found New York bistro. Food was unbelievable, service was A++++, and prices were cheap. Could not be happier! Recommend any Italian food lover to this great establishment.
Wowee wow wow. I'm not a huge fan of Italian because to me, unless it's done really well, it's pretty terrible. 

This is the best Italian food I've ever had, and the service wasn't far behind. 

I found this place for my folks and our little one when they were visiting and wanted Italian. We hit it based on the Yelp reviews and the reviews are right on.
 
1. Service = A+. Greeted at the door and treated like long, lost, welcome family. Our server, John, described the specials so well, that you could basically see them in front of you. Our drinks were never close to being empty, but John never hovered or smothered us. Just very on top of things.
2. The food. Seriously, the food. The special appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten- I hope they add it to the menu. We all had something different: calamari marinara, gnocchi marinara, cheese ravioli (for the little one), and one of the specials. Everybody was raving about the flavors- nothing was heavy or overdone. It was all just so tasty and we all ended up taking some home. (BTW, they labeled our take home packages, which was helpful for dividing it up later- my folks wouldn't leave theirs with us because it was too good. They put it on ice and took it back to Tucson with them.)
3. Price- very affordable. For the quality of food you get and the amount, you seriously can't beat it. 

The ambiance is not what you go for, but the food and service more than make up for it and it is very family friendly. We all agreed how excited we were to have found this place and how pumped we are to go back.
Highly recommend !!!  The whole dinner from start to end was great.  Service and food authentic.  Best bruschetta I have ever had, this includes little Italy in NY.
Just perfect. Hidden away next to the airport like a gem for the Med, this clearly family owned establishment hit all the right marks. 

Handmade ravioli with veal? Spectacular. My 9 year old got this as the daily special and I had to fight him for the last one so I could try it. 

I had the catch of the day, a tilapia filet that had to be 8-10oz with pasta and Roma tomato sauce with mussels and clams. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. 

Didn't try anything from the dessert menu but we will definitely be back for another try. I do recommend calling ahead or reservations as our party of six was a scramble to find seating on a Friday evening at 6pm. 

Really loved this place!!
The cuisine served at NY's Best Italian Bistro is the future of great Italian cooking in the US..this is Italian fusion at it's finest and most imaginative. The sauces are brilliant, the service is expert, and the place is welcoming and not pretentious . I
Excellent! In from ABQ read the reviews - stopped in. Great food, super friendly staff - loved it. Be sure to try the Chicken Parm.
The wife and I found this little tucked away spot on a Saturday evening. The service was just a little slow, but the staff took great care of us and the food was absolutely off the charts. People who know their Italian food frequent this place. We will certainly be going back. My comment about the service is probably an indicator that I'm always in a hurry. Our waiter treated us like family. If you are looking for some amazing Italian, this is the place.
My wife and I had dinner here 2 days ago.  First of all, the food was very good.  Our server was a little over-attentive with constant drink refills and asking how our meals were (after we already answered her).  The decor was a bit tacky...it seemed more like a cafe than a restaurant.  I became uncomfortable in the restaurant when the owner and servers would stand behind the dessert counter and look at us, then talk to each other, then look at us again and again...it was a little creepy.  I don't think I'll go back.
Me and my friend stopped by here today for some lunch. The table we sat at was dirty with crumbs and food. Rather than moving us to a different table the waitress just brushed them off. We ordered the vegetarian pizza. Living in NY for many years I feel I am a little harsh on "authentic NY pizza." But this was AWFUL. It was so thick...reminded me of frozen pizza. Our waitress also left halfway through. For the rest of the time we had no service. I went inside to ask for the bill and everyone that worked there was sitting down and eating. Which is fine but it would have been nice to have been checked in on ONCE. He brought the bill and we waited for what seemed like forever until I finally got fed up and brought it over to the employees table. I felt like I was interrupting their meal. Rather than running my card he stayed their and finished his conversation (and food)- then got up to run it. Needless to say I will never be back to NY Best Italian Bistro. Terrible customer service.
Nice neighborhood place.  My kids love it too.  Goat cheese stuffed dates wrapped in prosciutto are yummy
The food was great here! I liked the linguini and clams with the white sauce. The thing that bothered me was the service. I was eating and the waiter kept watching me and asked me every 5 seconds if I was finished. It was so annoying. Can I just have a dinner and just eat at my own paste? But other than that, the bread was fresh and warm and everyone else was friendly and nice. do I like the restaurant's food? Yes. Was I annoyed the whole entire time? Yes
Joint is off the hook!!  We ended up finding this place on yelp actually and by far the best spot we found in AZ while on vacation.  It's definitely tucked away in an industrial business area but what a gem!!  It's family run with the majority of the employees from NY.  Has a warm Soprano type of feel inside but totally inviting!!  Delicious food, great hospitality and for a great price.  Just thinking about the calamari is making me salivate as we speak... We had soup, pasta, salad and the focaccia bread is outstanding.  And can I just say homemade cannolis??  OMG...FABULOUS!!  We ate here at least twice in 1 week and it hit the spot each time.  I wish they had a bay area location..This place is a must when in AZ.
Excellent, authentic food.  Fresh vegetables, perfectly al dente pasta, high quality cuts of meat, and very flavorful sauces.  We had the pappardelle, penne al vodka, and veal piccata.

Service was very attentive and also kid friendly.

Affordable and large portions.  Wine list is decent as well.
After a 7 month delay we finally made it back to NYB Italian Bistro.  We had planned to return for dinner but forgot that they are closed on Sunday (good for them!), so we stopped by for a later afternoon lunch on the way back home.  It was nearing 3pm on a Monday so naturally we were the only ones there during the transition time between lunch and dinner.   It was almost like dropping into a relatives home to say hi and share a meal.  We wanted to try their pizza so this was a perfect time to do so.  We opted for an outside table to enjoy the balmy Scottsdale February weather.  We shared an anti pasta salad and a margherita pizza both of which were very good.  I always judge pizza by the crust, sauce and toppings.  The crust was between too thick or too thin and crispy, very reminiscent of what I remember from the Bronx.  As usual we had a terrific time talking about the neighborhood with John and we met his younger cousin Donna.  Great place for lunch or dinner.  I don't have much interest eating at any other Italian restaurants in Scottsdale or Phoenix.
Came here for lunch. Lady taking orders ignored us completely, talking to her friend about her kids. Had to actually interrupt them and ask to put in my order. Calamari was soggy and chewy.... disgusting. It took 40 minutes to get my pizza, had to go ask about its status and it was just sitting there ready to go but no one had delivered it to our table. Good pizza, nasty calamari, horrific service. Don't go during lunch time.
My daughter found this wonderful restaurant by chance and are we glad!  From the welcoming phone reservation to the personalized service once seated by John the owner, you're in for a treat if you like lots of scrumptious Italian traditional meals.  

Our array of meals included chicken scallopini/marsala/parmagiana/marsala, each cooked to mouth-watering perfection.  When on vacation, you take your chances trying to find an adequate or even good place to eat.  We found a top notch one, which you judge by the number of little issues [too much sauce; not enough;overcooked; veggies with too much iron taste; etc].   We had zero complaints, gripes, and grumbles.  The wine list was very broad for a somewhat small restaurant.  

The warmth of the owner John permeates the place as evidenced by the large # of locals dining that March 2014 night.  Thanks, John, for a most friendly visit and the terrific selection choices with your recommendations.  You ended our vacation on a very upbeat note.  We'll be back in 3 years with the next Spring Training for us. 
Rich, Tonine, and Christina Nielsen
Valentines Day Date Night!  
At first I was a little skeptical, a little restaurant next to a airport! Aye Aye AYe. We got there before the 'dinner' rush since we live in Peoria,AZ so the place was empty beside the kitchen staff having their pre-rush supper.  Little did I know that this place would KnOcK my TasteBuds socks OFF! Once our watier, who I think had to have been an owner, starting telling us the specials with great detail my mouth was watering. 
Appetizer: Carppaccio en salade (artichokes, fresh mozzaelle, balsamic, olives) 5/5
My Dinner: Fresh Lobster Ravioli with marinara sauce (instead of the special sauce which had mushrooms which I am highly allergic) 5/5 --I could have licked my plate!
My Husbands Dinner:  Linguine Pescatore amazing!! 5/5
Dessert: Cheescake. good. 4/5
However the way our waiter explained the cannoli is peaked my interest. I am not typically a cannoli type of girl, I decided to give it a go. I AM SOOO GLAD I DID. That little piece of heaven was fantastic.. crunchy, cinnamony, creamy. I almost didn't share it with my husband.. haha. 5/5

Highly recommend and can't wait to go again!! 

Awesome Food!
Great food and great service for our party of eight including two kids.  Especially liked the spaghetti with sausage, onion, and peppers and, of course, the house Chianti.
We are here for the Arizona Bike Week from California.   Looking for an Italian restaurant.  Our first choice was closed but boy were we glad! The food was amazing! The staff & owners were wonderful. The portions were huge. We were so full we had to take some desert to go.  We will definitely come here again when we are in town.
Brought the kids to lunch here. They have cheese pizza for $2.99 a slice. I got the pasta special with fusilli, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and sausage. My hubby had the spaghetti with meat sauce. For dessert we had the spumoni which was coated in chocolate and delicious. Definitely a hidden gem!
Off the beaten path by the airport with bar and outdoor seating in addition to main area. Authentic Mew York Italian staff. 

Lunch me menu is limited compared to dinner menu. 

Good food. Reasonable prices. 

Spimoni was excellent, good house Chianti.
Very good food and pleasant atmosphere. My husband and I celebrated an anniversary there while on vacation. We were very happy with the entire experience, that we had found this gem. Highly recommend!
Excellent service and great food. Slightly hidden location a block off of Scottsdale but worth finding.  Only disappointment was that we didn't get to try Mama's Gravy.  Got there at 7 and they were already sold out.  Server and hostess and owners were all great and very attentive.  Reservations recommended. Great for anything from a casual dinner to a romantic dinner date.
Need a reservation for dinner--We had dinner on a Sat night, we arrived at 5:20pm. We have a little one, don't judge. :-) Anyway, they did get us seated but they were concerned because we did not have a reservation. I thought it was pretty early for them to be too busy and there was only 2 other tables taken at the time. They did begin to quickly fill up. I went ahead and gave 5 stars though because the food was really good and service was also once we were seated. Try the bruschetta, which is warm soft bread and melted cheese drizzled with balsamic-not the typical definition of bruschetta but really tasty. The pasta dishes are generous portions with really good marinara sauce. Pizza with good crust. We will be back with a reservation next time.
We stopped by for dinner before we left for Kauai the next day.  As is ALWAYS the case, everything was top drawer, FIVE star  . . . the BEST.  We took a chance and dropped in right around 5 pm thinking it wouldn't be busy and reservations wouldn't be necessary.  We got lucky and were seated at the LAST non-reserved table, so I recommend calling even for an early dinner.

I got a little nervous driving up because the only sign was "Italian Bistro" and the New York's Best Italian was missing!  Turns out it was recently blown off during one of these infamous Valley of the Sun wind storms.

I like to try something different each time I visit my favorite Italian restaurant.  Saturday night features "Mama's Gravy with rigatoni, braciolle, sausage and a meatball.  I couldn't resist and I was NOT disappointed.  The gravy was cooked perfectly with just the right subtle sweetness.  Not acidic or overdone which sometimes my own Italian (rest in peace) Mother would do.  Par excellence!

We are always treated like family when we dine here.  John is wonderfully attentive, always friendly if not completely familiar like family.  After all, we went to the same Catholic school in the Bronx at the same time but didn't know each other until now.

We first "discovered" NYBIB last summer while on vacation in Scottsdale so it was fitting that we had dinner there before we departed for vacation this year.  If you want to experience the "real deal" as in authentic, homemade Italian fare, this is the place in Arizona to do it.  I've lived here for almost 28 years and I've eaten at my fair share of Italian restaurants.  This is the only one I need.  Enjoy!  Bona appetite.
This is seriously one of the best Italian places I have ever had the pleasure of dining at.  I found out about it via Yelp, before going out to Scottsdale for Spring Training. My family and some friends were looking for a good restaurant, and based on the good reivews, I suggested this place.  Needless to say, we were not disappointed!  So, first of all, this place is off the beaten path (which I like)... not hard to find, but you have to look for it.  It's tucked in this neighborhood where you would not expect a restaurant, but the place is great!!!  Get reservations.... it's busy. We went on a Saturday night.  But the owner was there and was so friendly, accommodating, and helpful... he is the one who took our order, and took the time to answer all the questions we had.  It was a beautiful experience. They were so warm and hospitable, and the food was simply off the hook!! I mean, melt in your mouth good! We were there about 3 hours and closed the place down but never did they make us feel like we needed to get out of there... we were considerate of their time but they were also considerate of ours, never tried to rush us out or anything. I believe the owner's name is John... I'm so bad with names... but he was just an absolute doll and it was truly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Delicioso!  Grazie Mille!!
This is more of a sandwich review than  a restaurant review. I can't honestly say I've experienced the best of what New York's Best Italian Bistro has to offer but I did like the italian sub. It had a good amount of quality ingredients, lettuce and tomatoes were fresh, but the bread was a bit heavy for my liking. I was also hoping the "Italian" would pop out in this sandwich; it seemed a bit masked by the quantity of plain ham.
Swap out some of the ham for more salami, pep, or cap, lighten up the bread and boom, winner!
Most reviews refer to this as being tucked away...which it is.  The end of a runway.  With spectacular cuisine.

This rivals any Little Italy that you might find:  New York, the North End in Boston, Philly...

Try...everything.  Truly old world food that was spun in the kitchen of Italian masters.  The red sauces are light and fresh, the white sauces are a delight.  Pizza -- magnifico.  Strombolis -- like you are sitting on a bench in Venice.  Pasta -- imagine the hills of Tuscany falling away at your feet and the sun setting on the horizon.  

Really, a wonderful find in the elbow of Scottsdale!
I can't say enough how happy we are to have found this place. We recently relocated and had been looking for really good traditional Italian food and this is it. We were told the owners are an Italian family from New York and it shows. We started with a round loaf of hot bread with a olive oil tappanade that was super tasty. We shared a spectacular, fresh antipasto salad with all kinds of yummy meats. I ordered my fave, chicken Marsala and it was everything Marsala should be. Hubby got the special, a stuffed pork tenderloin with fig, goat cheese, herbs and a white sauce that was out of this world. We were super impressed with the quality and taste of the food. I only wonder why the place isn't busier but it is in a bit of a weird location. I almost hate to let the secret out! We live almost a half hour away but will absolutely be making the drive back-well worth the reasonable prices for such a meal!! Also have to mention that the staff, including our server and the host, were fantastic and welcoming. What a find :-)
OMG!  Fantastic! Come early on a Saturday night and order the mama's gravy special.  You will not be disappointed.  They sell out by 7:00 and i understand why. The only thing I am disappointed about is that I did not find this place sooner. On weekends you will need a reservation. Try the eggplant rollitini appetizer. Delish! The cannoli is the best I have ever had.  It rivals Mike's Pastry in Boston.  This place is full of regulars and the owner knows everyone's name.
Peckham & Rye is one of those stores you imagine Yah's in their BMW X5's come to do their shopping. In fact there is always quite a few in there, rah rah and yah yahing around the place. 

The shop stocks the more upmarket brands which you commonly don't find in the supermarkets. The kind of food you would find in Harvey Nicks food hall. They do a good selection of breads which are fresh and taste good. There is also a good selection of sandwiches, panninis, salads and soup to take away. The deli counter has very tasty looking lasagna and pasta dishes which I guess are for the more lazy among us. I imagine these Yah's don't have time to cook so Peckhams is the place to go. There is a good selection of cakes, the cupcakes were very elaborate and I did drool over them a little. Unfortunately I don't think my figure would benefit if I gave into the cake counter here. There is a huge alcohol selection too so its a great one stop shop for a dinner party where you can fill your basket with fancy foods, cakes and booze.

 Also, its well priced too, nothing feels too overpriced so it is actually good value for money.
Peckhams bills itself as a Vintners, Victuallers and Restaurateur - I'll save you the trouble of looking up the first two words, they mean 'wine merchant' and 'supplier of food' and this pretty much sums up what they do; however, the words don't perhaps portray the fact that they sell bloody good food and bloody good wine. The deli counter at this branch in Bruntsfield is full of tasty tidbits like good quality salami and damn fine cheesecake. They also sell prepacked sandwiches (far superior to anything you could get from the Subway a few doors down) and homemade soup that's delicious and filling. Until the recent changes in Scottish licensing law, they somehow managed to sell booze long after every other offy had closed (perhaps something to do with the restaurant downstairs?). Unfortunately the Scottish Government have put a stop to this, they still sell great wine and interesting spirits and beers, but only until 10pm these days. Meh.
Peckham's is the sort of 'shop' where it's totally acceptable to buy a £250 bottle of wine with your freshly made (yet somewhat stale) bread. It is considered to be a high-end supermarket (sortof) and sells itself as serving high-quality and fine-food. Yes, it does sell high-end products - as a student I was always in the ready-meal section and there are no Asda-Price bargains here - but to be honest, it's a rip off. Yes the things they sell are selective and fancy, but taste just as good as similar things you'll get in the corner shop opposite. The ready-made meals are good, but again are on a par with those you'll find in Tesco, a mere 2 minute walk away from this Bruntsfield branch. 
My ex-flatmate used to go down and buy cakes once a week as an indulgence, but after the first few bites would find them too rich and donate to us (thanks Rach!). They have an extensive alcohol section which is alluring, but only to those who appreciate it - aka not me. 
Yes they have nice things and yes their cheeses and cakes look yummy, but is it all really necessary? It's not a bad shop - far from it, it's just a bit pretentious. On those grounds, therefore, it has quite a large market in Edinburgh (ha!) with all the yah's. 
The only time I would frequent Peckham's would have been late at night (it's open till midnight) to buy my dinner -  as a student I'm not the best in the kitchen. Yes the staff are friendly and there is a nice atmosphere, but there is something quite resentful about Peckham's which I can't quite place. The restaurant downstairs is nice......bit dull, but nice. pleasant really. To be totally honest I have been entirely unaffected by Peckham's , which tells me it's not somewhere I will venture to in a  hurry!
I actually came here in a last attempt of desperation to find some good Greek ouzo for the clean Monday event (think a Greek version of shrove Tuesday but with lots of food and ouzo to start lent).

 Edinburgh is filled with Greeks and every year ouzo stock drops to an all time low. Especially now that Wine shops closed down, other than the crappy stuff sold at Lidl fit more for a toilet rather than to drink, Peckhams is the only place I can find it. The other Peckhams had run out (and even suggested I buy some Italian stuff instead) but I headed here and luckily they had stocked a few extra- phew! 

Note to possible Peckhams managers reading this: stock up around clean Monday- you overcharge Ouzo as it is, might as well have it for the Greeks here when demands are high!
I love food, so much so that most of my money goes on tasty treats and all I ever have to show for my hard earned cash is a bigger dress size. My relationship with Peckham's is bittersweet. On the one hand I love their freshly prepared salads, meals and deli selection but on the other hand  always feel mad at myself when I leave here with a bag of goodies in tow, realising that I probably should be paying my phone bill with the money I've just spent. Oh well... it tasted good at the time.

The food here is to die for and everything is so fresh and crisp. If you're having a dinner party or just feel like cooking a nice meal then you can't do better than coming to Peckham's to stock up on treats.

5 stars any day of the week!
On the one hand, I would say that I'm lucky that my work is just up the street from Peckham's and I could get lunch here every day of the week if I wanted (or was paid enough).  On the other hand, I'm inherently lazy these days and don't usually leave work to get food, instead opting for canteen grub.  
But, when I do get off my lazy bum and come here for a bite, I do enjoy the possibilities.  They're well stocked for local professionals with sandwiches, tubs of salads, soup, crisps, etc.    

In addition to lunch food this is a nice wee deli to get cold cuts, pastas, cakes, and various dried goods which can be hard to find in other places.

But I wouldn't be me if I didn't mention the impressively stocked room of booze.  They have beers from all over, including North America which of course always brings a smile to my face (even if the imports tend to be the ones I don't like!).  For a while they even had my brother's favourite gin in stock, which was absolutely impossible to find anywhere else in Edinburgh.
I have not been at the Vine for years.  I have frequented the original by the ASU campus...but we will not go into how many years ago.  A woman is allowed to keep her age a mystery.

We met up with friends we had not seen in a while who frequent the Vine for the wings and fries.  So my review is for wings and fries...big favorites in our household and worthy of rating a restaurant since it is probably the only thing we get at said restaurant (i.e., Native New Yorker).   So if you go to the Vine on my recommendation and order something other than wings you've been warned.  However, Iowans rarely screw up food, so you can probably deviate from our normal palate selection and get a burger and be happy.  Next time I go I do have to try the breaded pork tenderlion sandwich to see if it transports me back to my days in Des Moines. 

I like the Vine wings better than New Yorkers.  Crispy, decent amount of meat, but not too much.  Wings that are too big tend to be more mushy in the mouth and loaded with fat.  The New Yorker will sometimes serve wings so small I start wondering if they are mutant and have been bio-engineered.  The hot wings at the Vine are hotter than the New Yorkers.  I ate a few hot wings, then switched to a medium just to cool down.

They have Stella on tap, the fries were excellent.  When we are hankering for wings, we will definitely go back.
All right...dragged the kids in.  The son thinks the wings are comparable to New Yorker...hubbie now thinks they are better than the New Yorker.  The hot wings have to be a big bonus for my guys since they like things HOT.  Medium does it for me.  Hubbie commented he doesn't feel as full after Vine wings, so maybe something they do w/ their prep causes less bloat????

Daughter liked her chicken salad.  It definitely beats any salad the New Yorker will serve you.  I think we have a new go-to place when the guys are hankering for wings.

So we made it 2 weeks in a row and I am wanting wings again tonight.  Maybe 3 weeks?????

So Woohoo for the wings!
I have three words for you -- pork... tenderloin... sandwich. That is why I'm giving the Vine four stars. You often can't find these delicious treats in Phoenix -- it's an Iowa thing -- which I find surprising, since so many people from Iowa live here. I'm a native of Arizona, but my roots are deeply entrenched in the corn fields of Iowa. My parents are from there, and they brought with them a love of the pork tenderloin. So, when they heard about The Vine, and their offering of a pork tenderloin sandwich, they woohoo'd their way to the nearest Vine (which at that time was on Indian School & 28th St -- now called McKenna's). And ever since, the whole family have been fans!  

I have dared, on occasion, to forgo the p.t. sandwich and try something different, and I have never been disappointed. They have your typical sports bar/pub food, which is decent, but I must say their french fries are fantastic -- thin, shoestring fries, that are crispy with just the right amount of salt.  And, to go back to the p.t. sandwich, I'll say that it isn't totally a typical Iowa pork tenderloin. Its breading is a little spicy, and they include a side of chipotle mayonnaise, both of which adds a nice kick. I guess they decided to add a bit of Southwest flavor to a Midwestern standard. No complaints here!

So, if you're ever in the mood for a sandwich that reminds you of your Midwestern roots, or you're just in the mood for some great food, visit the Vine, and you'll wonder, "Is this heaven? No, it's Iowa."
Went here with friends last night and the wings were among the best I have tried in Phoenix area. Burgers were excellent, MUCH better than any of the fast food places. Service was very good also. Hope to be back again soon!
This place has the best wings I've ever had. I am always happy when I come here. I order the wings crispy and they are never soggy like most places...I also like the buffalo chicken quesadillas.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!
For what it is. 
Now I had fun here. Great staff, The food was good bar food. Its not a 5 star restaurant and the food doesn't require preparation and planning by some Le Cordon Bleu trained chef. But its bar food and its bar food done right!
I had a great time with friends here last night. We split some wings, a pizza and appetizer sampler.
Everything came rather quickly and was very good. And cheap!
Our waiter was great. Very funny and friendly.
I was also very appreciative to our waiter for brewing me a fresh pot of coffee.
Now we picked this location over the other one because this one never has a cover charge and as it was further away from ASU, we figured (correctly) that it would be perfect for a laid back night out. 
Apparently I am getting too old to stay out as late as we did...
Been here a few times - my friend Mark comes so much he practically owns the place.  Staff does a good job,  nice sports atmosphere,  enjoyable hangout -excellent wings. Had a midori  sour, tasted either watered down or a little light on the alcohol.
This bar is straight up awesome. I've been coming here (exclusively nights) for the past two years, and it's always a good time. The drink specials are great almost any day of the week, bar food is good (best wings around, get them on Tuesdays for $2 off), and the service staff is full of funny and professional people. This location is also by far better than the one by campus; it's populated by tons of cool regulars rather than unruly college students. Come by tonight!
Still great wings and a great staff.
The staff makes this place great.  The ownership takes away.  I've been coming to this location for years, living very close by.  They updated the TVs and sound system about a year ago, which really made it a great place to watch a game.  The prices are good, and they have good specials.  The wings are the best you can find in Arizona.  They have a business dispute with a beer distributor that prevents them from having Coors and Miller products on draft, which I think is absurd.  I always sit at the bar, and can always have a pleasant conversation with people at the bar.  The bartenders are the best.
Update:   They now have Coors and Miller Lite on draft.  Yay!  They're a real bar again.  I don't know the drama, but apparently the management has been "let go" and the owner is now managing the place.
This place is okay. They have good happy hour prices but the food is regular old bar food, nothing special. Lots of people go here to watch football.
Local dive bar which I will give 3 stars -- pretty chill and quiet for my taste.  Every now and then I'll take a stroll along the neighborhood and bump into a unicorn and ask for a wish.  She might grant me 1, the cost of a shot of stuff unknown.  Though I can't complain since it was a tad bit fruity and tasty -- yum skittles!  Our server was cheerful and fun recommendations many she had, more shots? please yes; it's my friends B-day I add.  Well drinks and beer, the more the merrier!  A picture? Sure so fuzzy it came out, but the same for my sight after the night and I was out - Enjoy!
Eaten there several times - been sick feeling after 3 of them. Not a clean place, service is slow and with the exception of a few beer specials the menu is overpriced ($8 for a dozen overcooked wings?) 

Had hope for them to get better after they remodeled about a year ago but I won't be giving them another chance.
Transports me back to my college days in Iowa City on stein nights and wing nights-I think the were either 25 or 50 cents back then. Frequented the downtown Iowa City location on too many occasions to count! They have the best wings I have ever tasted-well at least the best flavor, I always get the maple honey hot. I was so excited to find out when I moved to Arizona there was not one, but 2 vines here. They would get 5 stars, but same goes at this location as in both Iowa City locations, the service can be at times horrendous. Ok, the Coralville one is the one that takes the cake on horrible service!  But, the still have great wings, great beer, and it's always a good time :)
LIke the other raters said: you gotta know what it is: what it is is a dive bar that caters to the college kids. Once you know this genre then it needs to be rated on par with other college dive bars. 
The beer: cold and cheap. 5 stars. Lots of beer selections on tap. $1 PBR. I'm all over that!
Food: 3 stars. I ate it, thats all I can say. Had a burger and it was very average. I'll save the details about the smelly lettuce and tomato. I could do fine without eating here again. As a matter of fact, there is a Wendy's that shares the parking lot with The Vine. Go there and eat and then get a beer at The Vine. My daughter had the wings (of course being dad, I had to try them). Being a wing expert I would say 4 stars on that: Better than average but not quite outstanding. 
The service. 3 stars. It is what it is. Average and cheap. 
The place could be so much better with a really good kitchen. The menu should be rethought a little. A better menu and food and you will have a standing room only business.  Think of a place like the chuckwagon except they serve alcohol.
Parking: Nice lot, good amount of spaces and good lighting. 

Curb Appeal: Strip mall Bar and Tavern; Clean entrance, no major issues. Big tinted windows on the side facing Elliot to keep the sun out; the front looks like strip club (not a bad thing, just sayin'); It has glass block windows and a solid oak door. 

Layout: Cool layout; right side is a large dining room with good amount of tables and some booths. Off to the left of the entrance is a large "U" shaped bar with plenty of high top tables surrounding it. On the dining level there are numerous booths and table tops. 

Ambiance: VERY clean, noticed that a table stayed unbussed for only a few seconds before it was taken care of. Good sound system, lots of TV's showing variety of sports. I can only vouch for the Mens room, but it was actually REALLY nice. Good clean area with lots of room, plenty of soap and towels.

Food: My group had a little bit of everything on the menu. Sliders were actually good, wings were good with healthy amount of sauce (Get the Maple Hot...different but good). 

Drinks: Plenty of beer on tap and at a good price. Even PBR for your hipsters out there; good micro and import selection, but not great. 

Staff: This is were they earn the 4th star. AWESOME. Everyone was friendly and seemed to actively look for ways to make the visit more special.  

The Skinny: This place is good. I'd be comfortable bringing the guys here for some football or happy hour beers...and it's equally comfortable if you want to bring the wife/girlfriend/husband/whatever  for some drinks and some  fun. I suggest you give it a chance and don't let the "dive bar" reviews get you. I've been to a lot of dive bars, and this place is a few steps above that for sure.
Walked in and noticed a sign with alcohol specials. Said bloody Marys were 3.50 but when I ordered one was told that was only for weekends. So ordered one anyway, tasted like it was straight tomato juice with lemon squeezed into it. Had the medium hot wings, good flavor but they made u pay an extra 50 cents for blue cheese. Whoever heard of hot wings with no blue cheese? So next time ill stick to the ice water and bring along my own blue cheese,
Yes this is a local dive bar. However, it is quite good in the food dept.as well.    Came here last night for a quick dinner. Quite a lot to choose from on the menu.    My girlfriend was even able to get hot green Tea,and you would not expect that would you!    We both opted for sandwiches.  Very good, they subsitute without a problem. Our waiter was very good and our food was hot.                                                           They have a different menu speical every day of the week.    Lots of pluses here. They have 14 TV's all with differnet channels going.                        So you can't say you couldn't find anything to watch.    They have resone all the boots so they are nice and comfortable. Bathrooms are claen. Lots of  parking in the lot.....We like it!
The vine has seriously legit wings, and on Tuesdays and during happy hour, they are only $4.99 for a dozen (woah, right?!). There are a lot of TVs, so it's also a place I'd recommend watching a sports game.
Best wings in the valley, period.  Don't agree with being charged for ranch or blue cheese but eh, not too big a deal.  Service is always solid.  Bartenders friendly.  Regulars although nice can be creepy at times.  They pretty much act as if they own the place.  Overall, I loved the Vine on Apache while attending ASU and I love the Vine in S. Tempe just as much.  The wings are absolutely incredible.
Let me start off by saying the food here is great, I've never been unsatisfied with my meal! That being said the reason I give this 3 and not 4 or 5 stars is because of the staff and overall atmosphere. 
Every time I visit its a hit or miss with the kind of service I'm going to have. I either have a great server who's on top of their game or a terrible server who I see once every 30 minutes. I once waited 45 minutes AFTER I was done with my meal until I saw my waiter returning from out front and was able to flag him down to ask for my check, which I then waited another 15 minutes for. Before that my order had come out wrong and there were all sorts of problems with correcting it. You either get the 5 star treatment where the staff is friendly, in a great mood and does their job well or you walk in and it feels like you're an inconvenience and their "too busy" for you even though there's 6 people total in the place. 
As I said before the food is great, and I will return to The Vine again, but it's not my favorite place to go.
Been a regular here for more than ten years now.  
We come by a few times a month usually for lunch or dinner but I also come with friends about once a week for a beer.
I don't think of this location as a "dive bar" but more of a neighborhood restaurant.  I frequently see families with young kids dining at this establishment.

I used to say the Vine has the BEST french fries.  Lately they haven't been up to par AND they've been holding out.  Portions have decreased.  

Most of the items on the menu are pretty good and they have set special every day of the week.

What I don't like about the Vine:
*They charge for a ramekin of anything extra.  Really?  You have to charge me for buffalo sauce?  
I swear it takes longer for them to approach the table, then you got another wait for them to bring the drinks.  
I realize part of the fault could be the kitchen but the other delays are exclusively the server.
We don't come here to watch the game or just drink a few beers, we come to enjoy a meal and then we our out of there.

Wish they had a better selection of beers on tap.
Also wish they would put the races (drags) on when they're playing instead of multiple tvs playing assorted ball games.

Really, a little improvement with the service would be a welcome upgrade.
I love this place. Good drinks, food, and service. The menu has something for everyone. Everything I've eaten here is good and the sour cream and chive fries are amazing!
Poor management. 1 server 1 cook on a saturday. Would hate to work here. Upset customers.
Ok, I am all about customer service.  And, this place does not have very good customer service.  It is sad that such an attractive, and spacious restaurant/bar with such great happy hour specials would not train their bartenders to acknowledge everyone that takes a seat at the bar.  

I walked in, and was greeted by two young men, whom I noticed later were servers.  That was really nice, and I told them that I was heading to the bar.  

When I arrived at the bar, it was not very packed, but not slow either.  I sat down, checked my phone, responded to two text messages, and was greeted by two gentlemen to my right before the female bartender even looked my way.  It is as if she had tunnel vision and was oblivious to the new customers who had sat down, including myself.  

I finally received a napkin in front of me after almost 8 minutes, while she chatted on her cell phone.  OMG, disturbing!

Moving on, she finally asked what I wanted to drink, ok about 11 minutes into the visit (Unacceptable)!!!!!!!!!

The guys next to me also commented on how long it took for her to serve me and, from what I found out, them too.  

On a positive note, their beer selection is very nice, with pints at $2.79 during happy hour 3-7 I believe.  I tried the Orange Blossom beer on tap, and fell in love.  I then enjoyed one of my new favorites, Four Peaks Amber Ale on tap.  I did not try the food, because I was heading out later in Scottsdale for some food and drinks with friends, but it did look good.

After she finished her shift, several attentive male bartenders then took care of my new guy friends and I, and thus, my night ended on a positive note.
Damn it... I really wanted to give this place a great review! We were in town for a Cardinal game and wanted some good wings before heading home. Let's just say the food was great, with great prices. Everything was hot and tasty, but the service. The gal that helped us was ok, not too friendly but not rude. The service was terrible. They took forever to take our order, then to bring our food, and even longer to get our bill. If you are not in a rush you should give this place a try...just remember we warned you! If management cared to improve on staffing this place would be perfect.
Been here for many years but have seen a recent decline in quality service. Felt scolded by the bartender today at lunch. Felt disrespected as a customer. Service sucks stay away. "bad service = bad review"
Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude. 

WACK
I love this place. Old time dive. This is a place where everyone will know your name! Food is great. Amy, Ben, and Matt are amazing so is the rest of the staff!!! Awesome happy hour deals that can't be beat!!!
Wanted to post ago of review since a lot of people were hating on the service. Sat down around 6pm on a Friday and Margie did an excellent job meeting our every need. The orange blossom beer was delicious with a hint of vanilla and tangerine. Guys don't often like it! Portions are appropriate sizes.
First time visiting the other day.  Good service, awesome wings and rings, and lots of tv's.  I was on lunch break at work so I couldn't drink or let loose, but overall a good bang for your buck. Didn't receive any attitude when we used a coupon either.
always awesome wings and fries!
I can't say much for the service since I usually get food to go on the way to work, but the food is delicious. I recommend the mojo burger. Burger with mushrooms, bacon, and swiss cheese, comes with fries. The burgers are always cooked to perfection. I give it four stars because it is really greasy, some people like that, but I could do without.
I went there on Tuesday. I had a great vanilla porter for $4.25 -- and the best thing -- it was a giant mug with about 32 ounces. They have that special all day on T, Th. Service was prompt and friendly. 

Their draft beer selection was OK and at that price that's all I need to get there. 

Can't review there food or mixed drinks because I didn't have any.
First time here and really enjoyed this place.  Very popular obviously from the number of patrons there on a weeknight, the service was great, the food very good, great prices too especially on happy hour drink specials!
Okay, Vine.
 
This is place is a pub and serves pub food--there's a problem here:  As I am a vegetarian and I ordered the Gardenburger, it's not really all that fair of me to review a place like this based on what I ate.  If the Gardenburger sucked, it really wouldn't be the fault of the restaurant.  To review a joint like this, you really have to try their meat dishes (most of the menu) and/or their beer.  Since I neither eat meat nor drink alcohol, I can't do that.  The Gardenburger turned out to be better than the one I've had at a lot of places, so at least there's that for what it's worth.

So what's left?  Well, the fried zucchini was quite good.  Service was excellent and friendly.  This has apparently been a favorite family restaurant for many years and still holds this distinction.

Minuses?  Well, it's noisy, but with all the kids and ASU students present on a Saturday night, that's no surprise.  The plates they give you to hold the food are surprisingly small, but that's about the worst thing I can say about this place.  Overall, I had a very enjoyable time here.  Next time, I'll have another veggie Jo burger with fries, a Diet Coke, maybe an appetizer, and just chill.

Fair review or not, I recommend Vine Tavern & Eatery.  I think you would too.
Wings are great, have never had a bad meal here. However, service is beyond slow always!
I was excited about trying food from this place...but it was a huge letdown for me.  I ordered some food to go and I did not care for it.

I ordered 6 bbq boneless wings and 6 traditional wings (medium sauce) with fries.  I also ordered a breaded tenderloin sandwich...which most restaurants don't have around here.  I am from the midwest so it is more popular there.

Anyway, the boneless wings were not good at all and they even gave me the wrong bbq sauce.  I have had better frozen wings from a grocery store.  The traditional wings were just average at best.  The fries here were below average.

The only highlight of this place was that the food was ready on time and they lady at the bar was nice.
Mmm, the Vine! 

I'm a huge fan of the Rural and Apache location by ASU, but this one is closer to my neighborhood. Great place; chill ambiance, perfect for catching up with your friends over a beer, or even watching just about any game. Friendly service.  

Speaking of which, funny that people are griping about ASU students frequenting this location and being out of control . . . Found it to be the complete opposite here. Sounds like y'all are describing the other location! Maybe this is just my experience. 

Delicious wings, never slimey and always have come out crispy. Best flavors are the Superhot and Spicy Garlic. 

Thirty two ounce beers for $5 and under and Happy Hour is seven days a week. 

Thanks for having Leinenkugel Summer Shandy on tap, guys! :)
Despite the far from stellar reviews on this place, I went here for dinner and a drink one evening. Not holding much of an expectation I had the wings and the rest of my party had all kinds of things from burgers to the Shepherd's Pie.

The service wasn't bad, wasn't stellar. For the venue it was what I expected and nothing less. 

The food was good. I liked everything on the table. Yet again, it wasn't an adventurous culinary expedition - but it deserves the credit its due. For a Tavern & Eatery it was definitely up to par. It didn't let me down. I can even see myself going back for a shot of my own towards that Shepherd's Pie. 

Pricewise, yet again it was what was expected. 

If I have friends coming in from out of town, I probably will not take them here. But if I just want to get some grub and a beverage - yeah, why not.
Best traditional hot wings in Phoenix.  Great ranch.  Ask them for crispy if you like them a bit dry.
Quite crowded on a Friday during the tail end of the Happy Hour. Lots of big parties and some regular oldies crowding the bar. The happy Hour deals are Ok, but nothing crazy. Two bucks off about five appetizers including their popular wings that everybody swears are the best in the Valley. I did not try them, but my boring date scarfed down almost a dozen and liked them. My $8.99 turkey melt was a good sandwich that included fresh sliced turkey, bacon, cheese and lettuce and tomato with a good honey mustard on the side. The fries needed improvement as they were skinny and not cooked enough. About a buck off on domestic beers and a real friendly bartender made for a good experience at this bar. Prices very reasonable across the board.
When ever you mention "the Vine" people auto matically assume you are talking about "the wings".People have told me "the best wings in arizona"  I can tell you they also have a exceptional hamburger. The menu offers all kinds of cheeseburger choices, I would personally suggest the fries as the side dish, but the coleslaw is also good.
The place is some what of a "sports bar" with tvs all over, I see a lot of small groups watching different games.
What I really like is that the place is large enough that you can always get a booth "away from the noise", LOL. 
I do notice that it is "family friendly" which I really like. 
I notice that phoenix metro transport has stops on both the n/s and e/w routes running through the corner.
Definitely  would recommend
Well I grew up in Tempe and always went to the vine! For starters, they have horrible customer service. You will rarely leave there feeling like the servers, hostess, or bartender went out of their way to make your experience better. You'll notice that the employees are all very fairly young... maybe this has something to do with the poor customer service? They take short cuts all the time! Especially when they are busy. Be careful on your To-go orders! If you get wings they will most likely be dished out to you cold. This has happened to me a few times when I dined in as well. 

The Vine just has a 'whatever' feel to me. Honestly It's like going to Applebees but with worst service and less selection. 

Pros: Decent bar food, normal service times, lots of TV's for sports viewing

Cons: Bad service, Rude staff, the kitchen let's cold food go out, cutting corners, horrible salads
The Vine continues to be a local hang-out for a few choice beers, some wings, and a burger. The food is good enough, but the service is incredibly better. I do appreciate that you're listening to your customers. We'll continue to visit here and hope for improvement in all areas - maybe a few more beer choices???
Not a good place to go if they are busy.  Poor service and attitudes.  Don't know about the food as it never came.

We arrived there at about 6:30 pm on Thursday.  We were told 5 to 10 minute wait, no one ahead of us on the list.  After a 25 minute wait, I approached the host to tell him to take us off the list, we were going to leave.  He said a table just cleared, so we decided to take it.  Walking to the other side of the bar, we found 3 available tables and a booth (I don't understand this), so we took the booth.  It is now 7:00 pm.   The sever came over and within 5 minutes we had our drinks, and placed our orders (two of us).  My Guinness was empty in a couple of minutes and although the server walked by several time, I couldn't catch her attention for another, and she never checked in on us.  Finally, with no service at all, at 8:00 we left our table, I gave the host $5 for the soda and pint of Guinness, and told him we were leaving.  He said he would get our server, but after waiting a total of 90 minutes and only having a single Guinness, I wasn't interested in continuing with the same server.  The place is extremely loud, mostly small tables with lots of people crowding around them.  Parking was very limited and tight.  We live only a block away, but will probably never go back.
The service and attitude at this place is so bad, I hate to waste my time on a review.

I am a biker, and visit quite a lot of places.  This place rates near the bottom.  I am use to pubs being homey and friendly.  Didn't find it here.  

In the survey I stated no waiter service, they were there, but not attentive.  

There are better taverns in town...
First time here and ordered wings. I usually don't like mine hot (spicy) but when I got them they were cold. Warm in the middle and cold tips. The flavor was good and I could eat them fast but having parts of it half frozen was a big turn off. The waitress was pretty fast at taking our order and delivering our drinks.
Where do I start with this place.... I LOVE The Vine!!! It's my neighborhood bar where I can always come for a drink (who am I kidding more like several drinks) and some great wings. 

The actual place itself is perfectly laid out with multiple flat screen TV's and I love how the bar is the focal point of the whole place. The staff are amazing, Amie and Ben are the best bartenders in Tempe. They make you feel at home and are very personable. The staff for me is what makes the restaurant experience and the folks at The Vine do not disappoint. 

If you are in the neighborhood and you're looking for a chill and friendly place to have a drink, watch the game, or even kick it with friends The Vine is a prime spot to go to!! 

Love you guys!!
Best wings in town! If you come into the Vine expecting world class service, impeccable decor, and expensive delectable dining, you're going to have a bad time.  If you plan on expecting a dive/sports bar with good prices, great beer, and amazing wings, you're going to have a great time.  That's all there is to it, I have been going to The Vine for probably 8 years and I have visited other establishments along the way here in arizona.  When I want the best wings you can buy, I still come here.
Service, it has always been above average, sometimes if you sit on the patio it is a bit slow, but that is understandable.
Food, I love the wings, I would venture to say these are my favorite in the valley, I like my wings grilled and they always let me do that.
Drinks, the drinks are strong and they have a very good beer selection.
Bathrooms, the bathrooms have always been stocked and clean.
It's a bar, they get busy, they get a little behind, but the wings and beer selection makes up for that for me.
This is the best bar food in the neighborhood and really priced right.  Love Wing Tuesdays!!!
Good place to come eat and chat or hangout with friends - since I am a local and come often with my room mates, we are always running into friends and making new ones. Great atmosphere. Upbeat and friendly!
Average bar food, but a lot of drink options including full bar and a ton of beers on tap.  Good place to watch sports too.
Came here for a quick burger and a beer. We were disappointed. We ordered queso thinking it would be a white dip and it was velveeta cheese. Very unlike a restaurant. Our burgers were decent but very obviously frozen pattys. Service was slow. We won't be back!
Go here for wings. One of the best wings places around. Tuesday you get them cheap. Spicy garlic, maple hot and traditional are all great flavors, but you got to get them Bryan style, which is sweet chilli with a side of Frank's sauce.
Great happy hours. Asian garlic wings are fantastic!  Great onion rings. I would rate higher but I've only been here for happy hour. They have a full menu but haven't tried it yet
This is a bar that serves the best burgers and Friday night fish! Their mixed drinks are excellent, too. We enjoyed breakfast there a handful of times, also *very* good. 

One unusual thing: they don't have any beer on tap, only in bottles (and maybe cans, I don't remember for sure). But a good beer selection.
Hearty, homecooked meals and generous portions.  The food was delicious.  I thought the mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  The prices are very reasonable.  The staff are very hospitable and they treat you like a friend even though you've never met.  It is a charming place that reminds me of small town Wisconsin family restaurants.  Its like a little piece of small town in Madison.  I really enjoy it here.
I went there with three others on a Thursday morning for breakfast. The place was fairly full, but we had no problem finding a seat. For how full it was, we were able to get our order in and our food served to us pretty fast. Service was great.

I ordered the sausage and cheese omelete, hashbrowns and toast. My boyfriend ordered french toast and bacon. My mother ordered pancakes and hashbrowns. And my sister ordered hashbrowns and toast. My mom ordered two pancakes without knowing how humungous they make them (size of a dinner plate), so the second pancake was consumed family style and everyone got to try it. The problem with giant pancakes like that is they are often cooked unevenly and some parts are burnt. No, not this one. It was perfect and tasted great. Aside from the pancake, everyone also loved what they got.

The bill for four people came to $33. 

The only downside is the atmosphere. Wood paneling walls to video poker; it's just your standard older Wisconsin bar. But this was minor to me. It kind of has its charm in an odd way. It's so minor that I'll still give Brothers Three 5 stars.
Disclaimer: I am giving this place four stars for very particular reasons. Many foodies will hate this place. The food comes from Sysco. The fish is NOT fresh, although their fish fry is as good as most of the other places in town that serve unfresh fish fry. If you come to Brother's Three, you are coming for the atmosphere. This place is not attempting to be something it's not.

Here's why I love this place and go with friends weekly:

1. The staff is awesome. I tend to go in the mornings, and the server/bartender behind the bar is friendly and quick. All of the staff, though, are genial and on the ball.

2. This is a very, very, local, kitschy Wisconsin bar. You will be treated well. The jukebox has a great selection from country to rock. There is a great rectangular bar that you can sit at for every meal, and you are treated well regardless of whether you come alone or sit with friends. The place is filled with regulars at all times. The morning server makes up crazy awesome soups that the regulars love (I once stayed through breakfast and lunch doing work, and person after person came in ordering the "Chicken Cordon Bleu soup.")

So, if you like cheap prices, great service, and Wisconsin kitsch, you will really like this place. My friends and I go weekly. Order your eggs over easy if you care about getting fresh eggs.

If you are really concerned with sustainability or are expecting very fresh food, you are going to be disappointed.
This is great place for good old hearty comfort food.
Well, I've been wanting to come here for quite some time, based on other reviews.  Though, this place is a bit out of the way for me....luckily, I was in the area so decided to drive the extra 10 minutes to find the place.

Parking is very limited....

I'm tempted to give them 3.5 stars....but, can't.  That would round up to four stars, but I just can't give them 4 stars....

I came right at the peak of lunch and sat at the bar.  The character and ambiance are well described in other reviews - local, old timey, a bit rough, a bit north woodsy feeling....and I think that 'charm' in such an urban setting may be why the place gets so many really good reviews?

I'm from "up north" and have been to lots of local rough bars/pubs that are similar in character....m'eh....it is what it is...

Food?  Prices do seem high....I had a Reuben, only choice of sides was fries or mashed potatoes...that's kind of lame, IMHO.  No o'rings....  :(

It certainly wasn't the best Reuben I've had, though it was priced like it should've been

The sandwich was fine....nothing special.  It was a little soggy, but that's to be expected with the kraut.

Beer selection is LAME LAME LAME...like 5 or 6 types of bottle beer, no tap beers.

Service at the bar?  A bit cold-shouldered....  I think the bar tender must have been one of the brothers....didn't really seem to have time to talk, or even fake being friendly or polite.  I guess some people like that kind of service...not me.  I'm paying money to eat out...the food better be at least as good as I can make at home and the service should be friendly and at least reasonably polite....I am the customer, after all
Saturday, 10/19 was my second trip to Brothers Three for burgers.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and was not disappointed.  I'll be back.
I've been here about 6 or 7 times in the last year. I went again last night, and as always had a good experience.

The food is very good. The burgers are delicious. The nightly specials might not be the cheapest, but you get a generous portion for your money.  Last night, I had a Ranch Chicken Sandwich, and it was great. It came with a heap of fries, and I had leftovers.

The service is also great. A very friendly bunch. There is always this older lady working at the bar, and she is an absolute hoot! She's friendly, funny and and reason enough to go back. The cooks also come and ask you how your food was. Really great service.

And yeah, it might suck that they don't have 30 beer taps like every other bar in Madison, but bottled beer is good enough for me.
I found this place on Yelp while in Madison for Vietnam Vet convention. I was looking for local "all foods" place & THAT'S what I got! I was the only Black patron, & a lil nervous on walkin into this subdued place, but as I walked in, the grill chef smiled & nodded his head at me! I knew I was in the right place! There's oldskool country & light rock music playing, and the server was REALLY nice & helped me choose which steak I wanted. I had the Tenderloin Steak dinner, with onion hash browns & my friend ordered the Rueben sandwich platter. My steak was delicious & tender enuf to cut with a fork & the hash browns were perfect! My friend said the Rueben was just ok.  The server also introduced me to "Spotted Cow" beer...a local ale that was really good! I'd recommend this place easily!
Dragged my friends in one day because I heard good things. We weren't initially sure. Then we ordered food. 

It does have sort of a neighborhood dive bar atmosphere, but has some of the best burgers in town. Also tried their beef stew on my visit as it was soup of the day, and have to say, it was great. Homemade with a nice, thick broth. Reminded me of Mom's. Wasn't something I was expecting in such a place. Definitely go for the food, have a beer while there, and enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff. Definitely a great neighborhood hangout.
The online menu looked good.  And we'd driven by this restaurant several times and noticed a full parking lot each time.

So when an offer for "$15.00 for $35.00" showed up on Groupon we bought it.   

Sodas and draft beer were $2.00 each. This is pretty standard.  And that's where my positive comments end.

Our initial server was not very friendly and service was slow.  

Chips and salsa were placed on the table after we were seated.  And when we asked for more, two servings were promptly brought over.  But it was not mentioned that we would be charged $1.99 each for this.

The food was okay. Well, at least the Shrimp Fajita entrée was.  However, according to the menu, the Baked Feta appy came with Pita but instead it was served with packs of saltines. Apparently, they ran out of Pita bread.  But instead of being advised of this, they just brought it out with the crackers. Also, the fries that came with a burger plate were cold.  

And finally, considering that we were only a party of four, I was very surprised to see Gratuity already calculated at 20% and added to the bill. 

If there was a 1.5 star rating, I would have chosen that.  I highly doubt that I would give Crazy Earl's another try anytime soon.
This place is terrible from the furnishings to the food! The place looks like a diner from the 70's, and no this is not a good thing! It even has a musty smell to it, gross! Ok, on to the food.. We had a cheese crisp appetizer which was not bad. The chips and salsa were also not bad. So far so good, right?! WRONG! Next up, our entrees. I had two ground beef tacos which were disgusting! I am not even sure the ground beef was really beef?! My boyfriend ordered the ultimate fajitas, which included chicken, steak and shrimp. This came to the table sizzling, hmm... maybe this would be good?! Nope, all three meats were terrible! Very salty and chewy! My son ordered country fried steak...This was god aweful! Our bill before a tip was $47! What a waste!! Do not step foot in this place, you will regret it!
The single star is for the only decent item on menu, the cheese crisp. The food was gross, I had chicken enchiladas. My husband had a steak after he was told his first two choices were unavailable. Service was fine.
Sadly, I have nothing positive to say about our dining experience here. 

The dining area smelled like smoke (the door was open and there were smokers eating nearby on the outdoor patio).

We waited 10 minutes just for the waiter to acknowledge us. Waited another 35 minutes for our food (no exaggeration -- I was timing it and almost walked out).

When the food finally came, I could only take a few bites before I started to get nauseous. As soon as I'm done with this review, I'm looking for a bottle of Pepto-Bismol.

They could definitely stand to make their service a little more efficient and their menu a little more digestible.
Understand the restaurant has closed.  2/28/2011./
I noticed that Sherri J mentioned the setup looked like it was from the 70s and she's correct. I saw photos of my parents sitting in a booth there in 1979 and the furniture and decor was identical to what it is now.

The restaurant was originally called just Earl's. I think they added the "Crazy" to it in recent years to hopefully drum up business. The food quality has gone steadily down hill the past 8 years. I used to come here as kid when I visited my grandparents in Sun City. It its heyday you'd have to wait for an hour for a table. The good was delicious especially the Mexican pizza. It was the best Mexican pizza I've ever had anywhere.

The original location was down the street and around the corner in the northeast corner of the strip mall on 99th Ave and Peoria. In the early 2000s it moved to the current spot and immediately the meat used in all the dishes got horrible, like they started using low quality institutional stuff to save money. The Mexican pizza, which uses ground beef, remained the same so I guess it was cheap enough not to substitute with junk meat. But we noticed as the years passed the parking lot got less and less full as did the dining room.

We used to drive 40 miles to come here up until a few years ago. It was worth it if we just intended to have the Mexican pizza which used to be only $4.99 for a 12 inch then went up to close to $8 but was so delicious it didn't matter. After a while not everyone wanted just the pizza and everything else on the menu was so god-awful we just stopped coming.
I'd just like to say I had a great experience at this restaurant. After finding out they had new management I wanted to give it a try despite the reviews. I had the Chicken Chimi which was excellent. Unlike a lot of Mexican restaurants it had all white meat in it. I found the service very attentive. Also, one thing that I see missing from a lot of businesses is just a simple "Thank You for Your Business". I do judge customer service when I go anywhere. I was very happy with theirs.
We got cupcakes for our party and they made them look awesome.  Not only did they look great but ours tasted fantastic too.  We will make sure to go back for all our pastry needs.  Much better than other cupcake places we've tried.
Kristen took my boobilicious cupcake topper order and was very helpful, they customize them down the the skin tone, bra types, monograms, and anything else you can think of.  

In this case I can definitely say you get what you pay for.  They were so cute, held up through 2 airports while I traveled, and tasted great.  Everyone loved them at the party I brought them to and no one had seen anything like them before.
Everything up to the point of my wedding went well.... the ladies are very on top of the whole ordering process and very nice to deal with. I wouldn't have even written a review except I feel like they could have been a little more apologetic  about delivering my wedding cupcakes late to my reception. I had all my guests sitting watching the assembly of my cupcake tower when they were to be delivered an hour before the reception was set to start. Then I get an email notifying me that I was late making final payment but since they neglected to call me to ask for payment they were going to wave any and all late charges.... Um, if GSS had called me right after my wedding I would have paid the balance in full so I really didn't understand the email letting me know how kind they were to wave late charges that would have been their issue to begin with since they neglected to phone me to get the balance after services were rendered. It was kind of like they wanted to write me and tell me how kind they were waving the late charges when it was their fault for not calling me sooner. When I emailed them back explaining that I was disappointed with how late the cupcakes were delivered all I got was a "sorry".... "please call us as soon as possible and make final payment".... not what I expected. Cupcakes were cute and tasted pretty good, from what I was able to taste.... a little pricey but that's the trend I guess. I was disappointed in their lack of remorse over the late delivery and their annoying email about neglecting to call me for payment, I think I should have at least received some kind of a peace offering.
Awesome custom cakes. When I heard about this bakery, I had to place an order. I wanted to so badly but I didn't know what I wanted. They make all kinds of custom orders. I have seen all kinds of things from boobs to Johnson's and what not. It's so awesome. LOL. mostly locals order from here as this isn't something that you always know about when you're just a "tourist". Being that vegas is a 2nd home to me and my hubby, we have learned much about the local spots. I love to learn about the bakeries, hobby shops and hole in the wall restaurants. This is definitely a place to  come for a few laughs. You can pretty much order any kind of cake from here. The cakes really do come in all shapes and sizes, bra sizes, monograms, and whatever else you can think of that might be considered ludacris and offensive. They of course do make conventional cakes as well but why would you do that?? When you order from Gimme Some Sugar you are ordering something that is one of a kind. This bakery is more a provate bakery studio. THey have catered to all kinds of companies as well as celebs and for parties. Having friends come out for dinner and things like that for Walter's birthday and for mine, I thought about having them whip up a lil something for us. We did a nice lil tray of mini desserts. We had things like truffles, toffee, chocolate covered everything, cakelets, and some tartlets/mousses. Everything was delicious. The delivery was a lil late. So, that wasn't fun and it made things a lil more stressful but it was just a lot of fun. I will tell you this much, because everything is so customized, prices aren't what they are in a mom and pop shop. Delish!! Their flavors are awesome. Some of them have cute lil names like the Sexy Red Velvet and the Confetti Party. I love their raspberry mousse filling inside the chocolate marble cake. THat was soooo good. There are also deluxe options. We didn't go that route but maybe next time. Thanks for such an awesome display and delish time.
I was very disappointed with my order! First I think they are WAY to expensive (luckily I had a Groupon for them so I only ended up spending $30 even though my order cost $54). I ordered 2 dozen cake pops for my daughters' birthdays. On their website the pops are cylindrical in shape, when I receives mine they were round (like the ones they advertise on tv. Ones I could have baked myself and saved money). Some of them did not have icing (which I think was white chocolate) covering all of it. The cake didn't seem to be cooked all the way, instead of being light & fluffy it was very dense. 
I'm not sure why I got such a shotty deal b/c I noticed they had a lot of great reviews.
The only thing I'll give them is we had no conflicts, they were pleasant to deal with (which was through email)
Sealing the deal!

I saw the sign facing the 215 for weeks.  Drove by one day only to find out it wasn't open for business yet.  As the weeks went by, I stared longing at that sign EVERY damned day, wondering when the hell I was going to get my chance.

Then, by chance, my wife decided she would get me some sugar and they were open!  She came home with a really nice bag that contained these attractive pink boxes with clear cellophane lids (presumably to see the contents, eh?).  Unfortunately for my review, she's not very detail oriented, so I can't really tell you the exact names of what she bought, nor can I even describe the store and what other goods they offer.   Here's what we ended up with, according to her recollection:

1.  Cake pops: They were chocolate cake with a chocolate shell.  Besides my not understanding the whole cupcake fad (is it really going to last?), I have hated - no really HATED - the whole cake pop thing.  All the ones I've had were either tasteless, dry, way too dense or a combination thereof.  These, however, were the anti-thesis to all that I have hated (HATED) about cake pops.  These were rich, moist and cake-like (as opposed to tasting like they mixed a pound of frosting with some leftover crumbs to hold it all together).  The only thing I hated (HATED) about these particular cake pops is that they were too doggone small.  One bite.  That's all it took.  :(

1.  Red Velvet cupcakes: ok, so it didn't take a genius to know what this one was.  These were tasty, but not as moist or rich as the red velvet I know and love.  Ok substitute, but not enough to make me crave them.

2.  Peanut butter cupcake: I'm not really a fan of peanut butter pastries, so I didn't even take a bite.  She liked them, but she was short on adjectives, so I can't really elaborate.

3.  Bacon Banana cupcake: un-holy-freaking-rock-my-sugar-tooth-believable.  If you know me, you know I'm a bacon addict.  This cupcake was a revelation, a total mouth f***.  But let me back up and start at the beginning.  Once upon a time, there was this little confection that didn't smell all that enticing.  Had it not been for the bacon chunks on the frosting, I would have skipped it.  The scent was a bit confusing, starting with overt rendered bacon fat tones and an undercurrent of burnt sugar.  Not the most appetizing combo in all honestly.  Anyway, after cutting it in two, only then could I smell banana, which really threw my nose for a loop.  Then I took a bite.  I can't say it was heaven, nor that it was the best thing I have eaten in my life.  What I can and will say is that the flavor combination just works.  The sweet of the frosting and salty of the bacon are harmonious, with the tropical banana adding a whole new dimension.  

I love inventive dishes that a cook/chef prepares that tries to let you in on a secret.  Sometimes you're just not meant to understand that secret and other times, when you get it, it totally makes you respect the thought and effort behind the creation.  The bacon banana cupcake really sealed the deal for me.  I'll be back to try some other unique creations.  Whatever they're baking, gimme some sugar baby.
I was excited to see the banner hanging on the back of their building space facing the freeway. I knew I have heard about Gimme Some Sugar first through Yelp and was happy to see a location on my side of town.
On a Monday morning about 10:00am my sister and I walked in. I was instantly disappointed to see just about nothing for sale. Not a good assortment of baked items at all.
So we were left to choose from chocolate chip cookies, monster cookies (oatmeal, peanut butter & M&M's), candy apples, chocolate marshmallows and Halloween Sugar cookies.
No cake pops and no cupcakes - BOO HOO.......
The lady behind the counter said they will be filling the cases soon but wasn't sure when so we weren't about to camp out until something fresh and exciting was brought out. 
We chose Chocolate chip cookies &  Monster cookies. Both cookies were good - no complaints there - just wish there was more of a selection to choose from. The cookies were put in a cute black N white gift bag and stuffed with yellow tissue paper so the packaging was nice.

I was expecting more of a bakery type of setting but instead it looked more like an office with a small corner for some goodies. So I guess it's more of a cake ordering type of buisness rather than an on site store.

Maybe since they just opened this location not too long ago I should give them some time to settle in and give them a visit in a few months and see if anything has improved.....
I am writing this review since my amazing Girlfriend order my Bday cake from Gimme Some Sugar. I work in the food industry and have experienced some amazing cakes from Micheal Richard in LA, Jean Phillipe and other amazing pastry chefs. I was floored on how amazing my cake turned out; a 3 tiered cake that mimics my life the kitchen. It looked like pots and pans stacked on a butcher block. USUALLY these types of cakes look great BUT taste like cardboard. MY CAKE WAS BY FAR THE TASTIEST CAKE I HAVE EVER ENJOYED HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!!! This cake was chocolate and fresh raspberries soaked in Chambord and finished with a chocolate buttered cream. F&%$!^@ amazing I tell you. The crazy part was that the WHOLE thing was edible, yup even the butcher block it came on.

I called these girls at Gimmie Some Sugar, to thank them for making my bday a true success, the girl who answered the phone was an absolute sweetheart, she kept thanking me, when it most certainly was the other way around! People are still talking about this cake ...and not so much my birthday!

This is not a cupcake store where you buy goods sitting out, this is a true cake studio where creativity and quality of goods come alive and are made to order on a personal level. Thanks again!
This is not your average pastry shop. This is cupcake wars on steroids, special ordered, and custom made. The specialize in custom ordered multi-tiered cakes (not sure if that's even a word). The pastry itself is delicious and well made, but the focus is on the spectacle of the cake creation at hand. 

When you see all the paparazzi shots of celebrities celebrating their birthdays, movie release, awards, etc.. at a club in all of Las Vegas, Gimme Some Sugar are the ones making their cakes. Yes, those unbelievably large, decorated, must have taken 25+hrs to create cakes are theirs! 

We ordered one for my brother last week and we were beyond pleased with the cake itself and blown away by the presentation.
Gimme Some Sugar is my baker of choice when it comes to cakes or desserts!  They have provided cupcakes and cakes for me in the past not to mention that I have been to several events that they're baked goods have been served at and each time is as great as the last.  Their cakes look like mini sculptures - pure works of art!  And the icing on the cake (HA!) both Miranda and Kristen are great to work with!  It's always a treat to work with GSS!
BEST DAMN CAKE AND CUPCAKES I HAVE EVERR HAD! 
I had the best birthday ever this year, my bf surprised me with the coolest cake! I grew up playing basketball and so he went to these lovely ladies and asked if they could make something dope with basketball. He comes back with a 3 tiered cake; the bottom base was a basketball court (so COOL) the next layer was a Jordan shoe (I LOVE MJ) and then had a Spalding Basketball on top. The details were BAZZAR, just putting spading on the ball (which is a brand of basketballs) and the shoe laces on the shoes, everything, the court had every line and detail as if it were a mini lil' court. 
The BEST part of all is that it was all edible. YUM! Who knew a basketball could ever taste soooo good? 
I used to work in a very high end restaurant on the strip and I have come across wedding cakes and special event cakes all the time, that were left over from the party, so of course I'd have some. The fondant at Gimme Some Sugar compared to these other companies that are catering for the higher end restaurants and casinos COMPLETELY BLOWS EVERYONE OUT OF THE WATER. I used to hate fondant until I tried Gimme Some Sugar!
I was also lucky enough to get 2 dozen cupcakes as well, they were like nothing I have ever had before. It didn't have that disgusting sugar taste, they were just perfect, and they last about a week in my house and once the very last one was ate, it tasted just as the very first one on the day I got them. They were super fresh tasting all week long, so soft. 
My bf said the ladies there were really great and helpful to him (he has lots of ideas but never can draw it out) so they took care of everything for him! THANK YOU!
Wow! Wow! Wow!  I am truly impressed...Not only by the cake artist's ability to bring to life EXACTLY what I imagined, but I am equally impressed by the deliciousness of the cake (lemon raspberry).   I had seen their cakes on-line, as they do many celebrity cakes in Vegas.  These cakes are show stoppers & pieces of art!  I got the idea to order one of their cakes for my friend's 40th birthday.   Working with the women at the shop is so nice & easy.  They are super helpful & accommodating!  I asked if it would be okay if I gave them a sketch of what I wanted the cake to look like.....They said, "No problem"!  In fact, when my sketch came to life, it was actually better than my drawing!  Everyone who saw the cake was amazed.  My friend was just over the moon!  It was beautiful....We almost didn't want to cut into it, it was so unbelievably gorgeous!  When we did cut into it, we were all in love....The cake was so delicious!  Our tastebuds were in paradise!!!  Finally, Gimme Some Sugar offers a delivery service for their cakes.  I would recommend getting this service if you have a cake that has many elements on it, like mine did.  I was staying at a hotel on the strip, and it was just so nice to be able to meet them at my hotel's valet area, and pick up the cake from them.  Super convenient....It did not put a damper in our celebration at all!  I really appreciated it!  I live in Huntington Beach, CA, but I am in Vegas often as my mom lives in Henderson, NV.  I will 100% order from the ladies again...And in the near future.  They made the day extra special!!!  The whote process was a breeze!!!
Gimme Some Sugar is incredible! These young ladies work very, very hard. The quality of their work can not be found in any other pastry shop in Las Vegas. They have all your regular faveorite goodies available, of course with their own twist. However, they are a custom bake shop. You need to give a little time for an order, because the work they do, it is such high quality, takes time. Now that they have the Sugar Factory restaurant as an account (located in the Paris Hotel) they do have some treats on hand for last minute pick up. 

I have had them do everything under the sun for me including: custom sugar cookies for my spa to give to my clients at Christmas, custom cakes for several birthdays and events, and custom cupcakes and cake pops. Everything they have done for me that I have given as gifts has been more than well recieved. Their work is not only amazing on the outside, it is equally as good on the inside. The cake is always moist and delicious. For those of you who do not like fondant, they spend a little more on their product so the taste is great. Also, they offer "naked" cakes that are fondant free!

If you need any sweets for any special occasion, and you really want to wow, pick Gimme Some Sugar! They have created a unique brand, backed by wonderful work.
Had a Living Social coupon for a dozen cupcakes - got them for wife's birthday.  A small hitch in service was more than made up with great cupcakes and having them delivered.  Had the red velvet cupcakes and were treated to pumpkin spice ones.  Looking forward to trying their cakes.
I ordered a cake for a friend's birthday and really wanted to make it special.  (all on short notice btw).  I gave them some general parameters and left it in their hands.  I was surprised and delighted with what they created- it was not only beautiful, detailed, and had correct proportions-- it was way bigger than I expected!  The cake was dense and moist, and the filling was rich, luxurious and full of flavor.  I will definitely order another cake from them- and no, they are not exactly cheap, but neither are any other 'famous' bakeries in town, which i have also ordered from - and I fully believe in 'you get what you pay for'.  Totally worth it- and i just learned that they have a full open bakery now so I'm going to hit them up for pastries and holiday goodies next.  I'm not baking this year!!
We ordered a cake from them in the past and Gimme Some Sugar did not disappoint! It was beautiful and delivered by one of the owners herself! We make sure to order every specialty cake from them. 

So when I heard Gimme Some Sugar was opening a bakery I was super excited!! We've ordered cake pops and cup cakes at least 6 times and our guest are always so impressed with not only the presentation but the absolute deliciousness!!! Prices are competitive to other high end bakeries. 

Love, love, love!!! I've never been disappointed... Gimme Some Sugar has a customer for life!
I ordered a cake on the day of my daughters birthday. They are so busy and still it was done and delivered on time. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were happy. The cakes are such works of art you hate to eat them. But it tastes better than it looks. Just go look at the pics. Amazing! I still haven't made it into the store. But while writing this review I can't wait till this Sat.
If I could give them 10 stars, I would!

Every cake, cookie, and dessert is made with such creativity, originality and specified for each individual who orders to their desire. The quality is outstanding, not with only how it looks (which is gorgeous) but with the taste!!! 

I have tried many wedding cakes, I recently planned my wedding, and not only were most cakes dry, but the flavor was so artificial. 

Gimme Some Sugar's cakes are INCREDIBLE! They are moist and absolutely delicious! The flavor is so rich and delectable. 

It may be difficult to take a bite because it looks so amazing, but their cakes and desserts taste just as great as they look! You will not be disappointed!
This is one of those places that is jut on a whole new level compared to the competition. The cakes they put out are almost too pretty too eat! and yes they are as delicious as they are beautiful. The designs for the cakes are amazing. just look at there portfolio. We had a suit case cake made and it looked like i could just open it up and pack. Sooooo realistic. The cake pops and all the little small goodies they make are equally if not more delicious than the cake. If there was a 6th star; i would give it to them
I found Gimme Some Sugar online and decided to do a cake tasting before ordering my wedding cake. Oh my goodness! The flavors are amazing. I pretty much ate all of the samples during the tasting. I told our Cake Designer what we envisioned, and she made it a reality. She even sent us sketches of three different cakes.The end product not only looked amazing, but tasted amazing. I want to thank Gimme Some Sugar for making my wedding day special. I would definitely recommend Gimme Some Sugar for your wedding cake!
After having a meeting with a lady, Ordered 2 rather pricey cakes for my daughter's birthday party. They were like $400.00 for the small size not competitive.

They were on-time and pretty but decorated in the wrong colors. Can you believe that ?!? They made my daughter's cake daughter's cake BLUE! One of my cakes was dry. The confetti one was not dry but did NOT taste like my sample that they made me pay like $20.00 for. Not one child asked for seconds...... not one.

Yes, I had to pay to taste their cakes even though I was buying 2 cakes.

I called them and left a message the hour they arrived........ NO RESPONSE. 3 weeks later no response.

Maybe a cakepop but I would NEVER buy a cake from them again. 

They should stick to their $5.00 cakepops. The cakepops were good & moist.
Had them do little truffle boxes as parting gift favors for an event we hosted for a client and they were great!  The box was darling, the truffles were amazing and the staff was on it.  They made everything easy for us and our guests were impressed!
Gimme Some Sugar designed a lawschool graduation cake for me that was truly AMAZING. The cake was flawless and so beautiful! We did not want to cut into the work of art, but when we did, it was just as delicious as it was stunning. Thank you to the creative team at Gimme Some Sugar. If I could give ten stars I would!! You will not be disapointed!
Here is yet another bakery that is not a place that you can stop by and purchase cupcakes or sweets on your way home from work or on your way to a party. 

The info listed on Yelp is misleading because although it gives business hours, they are not open to the public! 

I am looking for some cupcakes so I drove in my car to this location and there was a cute handmade sign on the door that said "By Appointment Only". While in the parking lot I called the phone number and somebody answered, but they said sorry not open to the public. Must make an appointment and place an order!  So annoying especially based on reviews! 

I give one star because of misleading yelp info. They need to specify by appointment only. Call ahead no matter where you go. Ask lots of questions.
You will NOT be disappointed by Gimme Some Sugar! You can tell by all the pictures how talented they are and how amazing the cakes look (you almost don't want to eat them!) but what you wouldn't believe is how great they taste! I have ordered 3 cakes from GSS the first being for my husbands 30th bday. He is not a cake fan but I knew he would be blown away from the look of the cake so I got one for him anyway. When I talked to Kristen she said they had a pumpkin pie cake and I knew I had to try it as it is my husband's favorite pie. He LOVED it and actually ate two pieces! All 3 cakes we have got from them were perfect and all of them amazed everyone who saw them! Could not give GSS enough compliments!
I bought a dozen confetti cupcakes with buttercream frosting for a party.  I tried one and the cake was so dense and dry I decided not to bother bringing them to the party. Pretty disappointing considering how pricey they cost.
I ordered a cakelet for a topper and cupcakes for my daughters baby shower. Just let me say it was even better than I anticipated. The cake had a edible doll that looked just like my daughter. People are still talking about it. The taste was amazing. I ordered 5 doz for 40 people and there was nothing left to go. People are calling to find out where my amazing dessert came from. The owner herself came and sat up the display. I could not be happier. Thanks girls!!
Any bakery that is by appointment only should not have a huge marquee and have posted on there doors that it is appointment only.  And then when you walk in look around confuse a man with a box of raw meat shouldn't treat you like a hobo looking for a place to squat
I ordered an Anniversary Cake for my vow renewal in Vegas over the weekend.  The staff was very help and stayed in great contact with me regarding my order (which was great since I'm over 4 hours away).  The cake was better than pictured and tasted AMAZING!  Everyone loved it!
I didn't even get to try their baking. The service was so poor and they were so rude it ws if my order had no meaning to them, which clearly it didn't. It was easy enough to find another bakery that wanted t o take the few minutes to talk to me about what I wanted. Since this business was referred to me, I'll be certain to pass on how I was treated. If you want to spend thousands on a wedding cake and require rudeness in your service, these bakers are the ones for you.
Gimme Some Sugar made our groom's cake for us. All I had was a picture of a baby shower cake that was the source of my idea, and Gimme Some Sugar just ran with it. They did an AWESOME job. My husband LOVED it. And not only did the cake look good, it tasted good. Very moist with a lot of flavor. The person who took my order gave me some suggestions that were different from mine, and I took her advice. I'm glad I did. A great bakery.
My Mom used Gimme Some Sugar for her Vegas wedding in October. She sent me in the tasting since I am local and she is not. The cake was so good! Moist and flavorful. She got Chocolate cake with chocolate mous filling and lemon cake with lemon curd and butter cream. The lemon curd is amazing on its own! Even though her order was just a small one, the staff was so helpful and friendly at the tasting, via phone and email and on the day of pick up. I will definitely use them in the future!
I cannot say enough good things about my experience with this bakery!  Ashley was awesome and not the least bit bothered by my excessive emails and questions . . . and the cake design execution was beyond everything I could have hoped for.  Yes, the cake itself was very sweet, but that is to be expected.  The overall transaction was worth every penny and then some (I was expecting the cost to be so much more!).
Nutella, Goat Cheese & Fig and Maple Bacon Macarons? Oh man,Gimme Some Sugar!  What's pretty unique about GSS Bake Shoppe, there is also a wine bar,craft beer, and hot chocolate to complement the sweet treats.  It now has expanded their business to include a bake shop right next door to their studio where they make their cake creations. 
 
Plus open til 12am Friday and Saturday?  Yes,that's what Ashley the owner confirmed. They are open late evenings...till 10pm!
 
There's a cold case display full of mini cakes, cheesecakes,Tiramisu and other desserts. From what I remember, the countertop case has macarons, cookies, cake pops,cupcakes. You know I got macarons!  Love the variety here. My picks:

Maple Bacon ....Nutella......Candy Cane

Outer shell had a delicate crisp, inside was airy soft, and they nailed it on flavor in all the fillings.  Especially the Maple Bacon. Love the combo of savory bacon filling and sweet candied bacon crumbs.  The nutella was topped with crushed hazelnuts and drizzled with Nutella with Nutella filling. The Candy Cane one was a treat too! Partly dipped with chocolate with crushed candy canes and a peppermint filling. All three I would so order again. For the quality and portion you get, $3-4 a macacon is pretty reasonable to me.

Chocolate Chip Cookies! - I was told they bake them to order! How about that for a late night treat? Warm just out of the oven cookies!
 
My hot chocolate was divine as well. Also you can help yourself to complimentary chilled water housed in a glass jug.
 

The shop is a nice size for a bake shop. It has a modern Parisian flair to it. There are several tables, including a long table perfect for groups and families. Two separate sitting areas where you can just chill, socialize too. Ashley said part of the seating is temporary and they will be bringing in more furniture.

Great concept with the wine bar and late hours. Im loving this transformation of this place! The 24hr gym is just a few doors down so I can burn off the calories. How sweet is that! Just dont drink and go spinning. #ShopSmall #ShopLocal
This place just opened. I stopped in to try based on a news story mentioning they had vegan and gluten free options. Today they only had a gluten free brownie but they expect to have more options in the future. 

My wife had a macaron. She loved it. They have a very good selection with some interesting combinations.
The ladies were very prompt to help us out & give us some advice on what might sound good out group. Julie was confident in their macrons & I have to say she was right on the spot! The craft beers & wine list is well put together, hoping this place gets more recognition in the new future.
After our Hot N Juicy UYE, most of the group headed here for dessert and was it a trip worth taking.  I had just bookmarked the new business--yesterday was their second day open--when Shirley and Teri decided we'd go here after the UYE if we weren't too full.

We picked out what we wanted and took it to a large dining room type table with some fresh flowers for their grand opening.  I got a macaron that was filled with gif and goat cheese.  What a wonderful combination!  Light crisp outside shell and a smooth interior.  I also got a box of 6 macarons to bring home--maple bacon, s'mores, pumpkin, and Nutella.  I can't remember the other two but they look great and based on the one I ate last night, they will be good!!  The macarons are about 3 inches in diameter--more like the ones at Bouchon than other bakeries that sell them.

While we were having our treats and chatting at the table, the owner came around with a sample of their rich hot chocolate.  It was very good.

For those who have been to a movie or were out shopping, this is a nice place to stop and unwind a bit.  Order some wine and have a sweet.  The interior is very pleasant and the staff is great!  Considering this was their second day open, they did a great job when the seven of us descended on the place.  They're open late on Friday and Saturday.

To the owner--after you've got everything in order there, open another location on the west side of town.  Then I'd see you more often.
I have to say that Gimme some sugar is decorated very cute and looks like it could be a great place to hang out.  They do have beers, wine and bubbly to partake in and that is a great highlight.

I'm going to preface this by saying that the ladies who were working the evening that we went were very interested in our opinion on what we thought about the baked goodies.  I had the rice krispy bar and my hubby had the tiramisu.  The rice krispy bar was good but nothing to write home about, the chocolate was a nice touch.  My hubby had the tiramisu.  The bottom half was the best part.  One of the ladies, actually took the parts that were not eaten to show to the chef as where they could improve. 

I'll need to give this place another shot in the future.  They are quite a few more items to try and from what I hear from others they are worth trying!
In the area and craving a sweet I decided to check my bookmarks and lo and behold Gimme Some Sugar popped up on my Yelp app bookmarks. 

Having heard some good reviews from trusted Yelpers I was excited to give them a try. I walked in and the place is super cute. Clean and well-decorated. I was greeted warmly by the three girls working at the counter. They were ready for any questions and had plenty of suggestions for me while I perished their inventory. I had my heart set on a macaron and they are huge. Interesting flavors as well. I decided on the fig & goat cheese and the maple bacon. I also had some questions on some pricing for specialty cakes and towers and they were very helpful and assisted me with all my questions and gave me lots of information and contact information if I decided to order something for the future. 

The macarons were flaky and moist. I didn't love the flavors, but they were ok. I took a few bites and didn't really feel the need to finish them. I'd be back if I'm in the area to see what else they have to offer.
This review is both for their custom cakes and the delicious treats at the bake shoppe. 

Ordering our cake was a breeze, we gave them a concept for our wedding cake and they ran with it. I can't wait to see how it will turn out. The tasting was a very fun and personable experience. Yes you do pay for your samples however I believe it is  deducted from the total cost of your cake. We went with 3 flavors Red velvet with cream cheese icing, chocolate cake with cookies and cream icing, and banana cake with salted caramel icing. 

The Bake Shoppe, seriously how have we gone so long without a place like this in town. Sweet treats until midnight in a romantic/fun atmosphere and they serve wine, champagne not to forget their coffee/hot chocolate products. I believe it's Lavazza but I could be mistaken. Everything I have tried has been amazing! The chocolate mousse dome and birthday cake macaroon are my favorites at the moment. Paired with a glass of The Pessimist, seriously it's amazingggg.

The Girls at GSS know what they're doing, I wouldn't change a thing.
4.5 stars

Gimme Some Sugar is such a unique bakery on this side of town!  First thing I noticed is how luxurious and beautiful it is.  The sparkly and modern decor make me feel like I'm in a boutique hotel.  I'm taking a half star off simply because our chairs and table were very "wobbly".  The furniture, while beautiful, does not seem durable.  

There are so many indulgent treats to choose from, e.g., mini NY style cheesecakes, huge macarons in a variety of flavors, cupcakes, cookies, cake pops, etc.  And almost everything can come with a little bit of a twist - a freshly baked cookie a la mode, a side of milk with your warm cookies, or add strawberries and balsamic to your cheesecake.  Delectable!  

This bakery serves alcohol and is open until midnight on the weekends!  This is such a dangerous find for me considering I can practically walk to it from my house.  My late night dessert prayers have been answered!
The place is adorable! And they serve booze! Looks like a great place to hang out in the evenings. I wanted to love everything about this place, but the cupcakes were dry...super disappointing.  I'll be back to give them a second chance, though...
Gimme some sugar, gimme some artificial tasting frosting and then gimme my tooth brush. 

Sorry to be the buzz kill of the group, but I'm not loving what I had here. We ordered 3 different macarons, Nutella, Maple-Bacon and Late Night Snack. The first bite of each, all I could think of was how artificial it tasted. It tasted like someone had stuffed store bought cake frosting in between the macarons. I took a bite of each and couldn't finish any of them. 

The rest of their dessert cake wasn't that appealing. They had inidividual size treats, like dirt cake and the such, but each costing around $6? Gimme (no pun intended) a break. Way overpriced on all of their desserts here. Would much rather spend my money and calories elsewhere.
Holy macaron!

This place serves up some seriously decadent macarons.  Bacon maple, birthday cake, goat cheese and fig, nutella and, my favorite, peppermint candy cane, are just some of the fancy flavors they have in stock.  And, they are HUGE, especially the peppermint candy cane.  It will take you several sittings to devour it.  And, it's delicious, if a tad too sweet.  Prices for these run from $3.50 to $4.50.

Also, other genius things about this place are: (1) it serves alcohol; and (2) It's open late.  Like, 11 p.m. late.   

I'll definitely go back to try more macarons, their moose domes, and cakes.  Everything looked amazing.
I have never tried a Macaroon because they are usually with Coconut...which I'm not a fan of. HOWEVER, our first visit here today changed my mind forever!! Peanut Butter Chocolate Macaroon....END if story!! Wow!! Amazing!
How can somebody who's always had a sweet tooth like me not love this place? I've been telling myself I'll cut back on my sweets intake - it's been a battle that I keep losing. Since this shop is in the same complex as a  Gold's Gym - that's a good enough excuse to indulge in sweet treats, right?

The shop is so cute. Black and white interior and the colors come from the beautiful cakes, pastries and macarons they have. I'm actually wishing my birthday was much sooner so I can get a birthday cake from here. They serve hot chocolate, tea and coffee, milk, juice, soda...and alcohol (at night). Champagne, wine and beer + dessert? Can I just live here? 

Before I continue, I must say that my love for macarons started when I first had them in Paris - oh l'amour! So, I'm not one of those that eat them because they're trendy or whatever. The fad can die but I'd still love macarons. These French cookies are my faves just like chunky chocolate chip cookies. I'd go to a macaron shop at every city I visit for comparison and get macarons in ALL their flavors. So, I'm glad the Vegas area has Gimme Some Sugar. My true test for macarons is pistachio macarons but unfortunately, they didn't have it when I went but I think you can special order items a day before.

They have 10 macaron flavors at a time. I think 2 are seasonal flavors and 8 mainstays. I've tried 10 flavors: fig & goat cheese, Snickerdoodle, strawberries & champagne, Nutella, PB&J, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cake, maple-bacon, Snickers Candy bar and chocolate-covered strawberry. I got 14 macarons - I had to get an extra fig and goat cheese macaron and 2 extra Nutella macarons. I also got a fresh fruit pavlova and a green tea cheesecake. As for the macarons, here's how each ranks:

5/5: fig & goat cheese, Nutella, chocolate-covered strawberry

4/5: Snickerdoodle, PB&J, Snickers candy bar, maple-bacon bar

3/5: strawberries & champagne, grandpa's blueberry pancake, birthday cake

Green Tea Cheesecake:
I love green tea and not a lot of places have green tea cheesecake. The crust is crunchy. The cheesecake is deliciously creamy with a good green tea flavor. It's topped with a thin sesame nougatine and a raspberry. Amazing! 5/5

Fresh Fruit Pavlova:
A pavlova is a meringue topped with fruits. It's light and crisp. It's like a "healthier" dessert if you will. 5/5

They warned me that the birthday cake was really sweet and that I shouldn't get it if I was torn between that and another flavor. Hooray for honesty! The fig & goat cheese macaron sounds a bit unusual but it's actually good since I love goat cheese. Sweet fig + tart goat cheese...yum! Nutella is a no-brainer...it's instant love for me. The strawberries & champagne sounded real good and looks so pretty and dainty but the flavors were mild but really sweet. I think the strawberry flavor needs to be more pronounced. I got lucky to have the last maple-bacon macaron. Score! 

The service is amazing here. Very friendly and honest. I was holding up the line with all the desserts I got and I felt bad for the people behind me who came in just to pick up 2 items. But one of the girls who was helping me out offered them a cookie so everything was fine and dandy. Sure, the desserts here cost an average of $7 apiece and the macarons are $3.50-4.50 each - the macarons are HUUUUGE though (the size of your palm or about 4 macarons) and the ingredients are of quality. Hello? I don't mind paying for something good. You can actually get $1 off with a Yelp check-in. And if you buy more than 6 macarons, you get 50cents off each additional you buy.

I was smiling the whole time I was in the shop like a kid in candy store. My friend who was driving me around even said, "see! It's that smile that makes driving here worth it".
Gimme Some Sugar Bake Shop is the most unique dessert experience in town.  Not only do they have yummy macarons in intoxicating flavors but they serve a variety of delicious selections AND have craft beers, wines and bubbly!  
The wines are very reasonably priced - actually too good.  You need to go before they realize this and start raising the prices. 
This place is a great alternative to girls night out and a perfect place for an after dinner drink and dessert or a date night.
I think the name of their shop is my catch phrase!  It's also my new favorite place for a treat!

We stopped in one evening to fulfill my sweet tooth.   We walked into a contemporary designed shop that is right up my alley.   Beautiful with pops of color from their towering cake designs.   

We were helped by an amazing lady with eagerness and personality beyond compare.  She informed us about this wonderful little shop with tidbits about their items.   We decided on the vanilla bean cheesecake and tiramisu.  I didn't plan on getting a macaron because here's the kicker...  I've never had one before.  Crazy?  Yes, I must have been.  Upon mentioning this to her she threw in one for free for me to try.  How nice is that?! 

We didn't stay there to eat our treats but rushed home to try them all.  Insanely great is all I can say about the macaron.  Being a macaron virgin, I can't compare it to anyone else.  I will say it was one of the best desserts I had ever had.   The light and airiness that surrounded the filling touched every taste bud with extreme delight!

As for the other desserts, fabulous as well.  They went way above the competition.  The cheesecake was creamy with the vanilla bean infused flavor.  Yum.  Tiramisu is another favorite treat of mine that they have also perfected.  They have their mastered their craft here.

With the utmost top customer service, clean contemporary shop and fabulous desserts, I just don't know if it can get any better than this.
There has been a lot of attention for this new bakery off of Stephanie and the 215 and I'll quickly chime in to add my experience with them.
We visited the weekend they first opened and things were still new, kinks were still being worked out.  However, I did enjoy that first visit with the tasty pumpkin cheesecake.  
A month later, I ordered a custom birthday cake for good friend, Shirley B., who's a big fan of Gimme Some Sugar.  I e-mailed GSS with my requests for a cake with a Hello Kitty and SF 49er theme because those are two of Shirley B.'s favorite things.  Ashley responded promptly and we coordinated on the details.  The resulting birthday cake was just the thing and the surprised look on Shirley's face when we presented the cake at her birthday dinner was priceless; she loved it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gimme-some-sugar-henderson-3?userid=7Oe6ikklTjVBbEFw9emLcA#xMTMOVBqAc0YKsVJaeUGEA
First-rate customer service from the beginning to the end with Ashley and her shop.  That is a rare thing indeed and I give them five stars all the way for filling the order above and beyond.  I'm a fan and we'll definitely be giving GSS more business in the future.
In the midst of studying, I just really wanted something rich and chocolatey. After doing a yelp search for something open late-ish at night, and I came across this place and decided to give it a try. I got the opera cake, which is chocolatey, with coffee and Kahlua - a fabulously rich cake! If it were just a little bit less sweet, it would have been perfect. Their coffee is pretty good too.

The decor is really cute too. There are all these tower cakes on the wall. I'm not sure if they're real or not, but they look delicious.

The person working there was also super friendly, and provided some great recommendations.

It's a little bit pricey in my opinion. A slice of cake was $7. Although, I was eyeballing some macarons (not macaroons) that were a large size for their price - and there were some interesting sounding flavors. At other places I've seen some that are half the size for almost the same price. Maybe I'll try those next time.

It looks like they also have wine and champagne, but as I was going as a study break, I didn't think that would be a good idea.

Hit the spot for my dessert craving. Maybe I'll visit again when I'm in need of something sweet.
I never thought of myself as being "spoiled"  living in LA, but finding amazing food has been quite the challenge since I've been staying here in Henderson. While trying to replace my fantastic baker in Whittier i found this Trendy desert bar looking place that almost looked out of place in its strip mall (should prob be on the strip). the girl working there was nice, super helpful, knowledgeable about the place and the stuff in it, so 2 stars for that. The macaroons were great so a star for that, and 1 star because I'm eager to come back. I didnt get to try the cupcakes since they have different types daily and they had some weird ones today(vegan, peanut something, something else fancy).
It was my Birthday so I said I'm definitely having some sweets today. I saw this place on some of my Instagram friends page and it looked so good. We got there later in the evening and it was a ghost town. We were greeted by the woman behind the counter who helped describe all of the goodies behind the glass. It was a tough decision  so we went with 6 macaroons(you get .50 off if you buy 6). The woman also gave us an extra since there was a broken one in the case. I also had a cupcake, it tasted like banana bread with frosting and candied bacon on top. It was delightful! So many more things to try so I will be back.
Thanks Bethany E. for recommending Gimme Some Sugar. Located in a strip center in Henderson where parking was no issue.

I happened to be in the area so I made it a point to stop in and check out the larger then norm macarons. I purchased two macarons - peanut butter and blueberry. Being a huge peanut butter fan I favored the peanut butter and thought the blueberry was on the overly sweet side. I also returned another day and tried the berry mascarpone but was disappointed the outer layer was on the hard side.

Besides individual desserts I saw some of the custom cakes they make and was blown away by the creativity of the dessert chef here. If you're in the area stop in for a macaron  -  compared to a LV Blvd bakery they are a real bargain.
Even though I wasn't able to have  Gimme Some Sugar make my wedding cake I knew that I wanted to stop by their new bake shoppe while I was in Vegas. My husband and I were not disappointed. The opera cake is a must! I even picked up a few gifts for family while I was there and was told that the birthday cake macaroon was AMAZING!
Such a fun place. Tried a brownie and a snickerdoodle. Super yummy. Can't wait to come back on a date night. Craft beer and wine pairings with fancy desserts? Yes please!
Gimme Some Sugar does it all!

My fiance and I had our first experience with GSS for our wedding cake tasting. We met with Ashley and she was a delight. She was so upbeat and genuine. She seemed as excited as we were. She had some great selections for us and was oepn to each of our ideas. The cakes themself are just amazing, They are light and the fillings are delicious. You can tell that Ashley and Kristen love what they do. 

The Mrs. then surprised me with my very own themed birthday cake!! It looked amazing and tasted twice as good as the design came out. Our group of people were astonished at how good it was. We ate the entire thing! The wedding is two months away now and we cannot wait to see how our cake is going to look, we already know how great it is going to taste. 

Being that my fiance and I live in Henderson and had such a wonderful experience with them for the tasting we were anxious to find out that they were opening The Bake Shoppe. This meant that we could get our hands on their treats ANYTIME WE WANTED!

They have put together one of our favorite late night hang outs. The Mrs. goes there for the wine and i can't get enough of their Macarons. They have mastered the art of making them. We drop by every time we see that they have come out with a new combination and we truly enjoy stopping by after a great dinner. We don't even bother with ordering desserts from whatever restaurant we ate at!

They have a great set up. The music, the environment, the drinks and desserts. I am love this place and love them! 

Gimme Some Sugar is a must for everyone!
My God. Those are damn good macaroons. 

I stopped here today to see what Gimme Some Sugar had and I just couldn't stop myself from buying 4...but was told if I bought 6, I'd get $0.50 off each macaroon. OK! - I'll take 6 then. AND I got a dollar off for visiting the first time and checking in on Yelp. - Thanks Yelp!  

$21 later I'm driving home and wondering how I'm going to eat all these ginormous King Kong sized macaroons... 

I'm going to try my best, dammit!
Do I give it 3 stars? Do I give it 4? Usually if I can't decide I go with the lesser until they have proven me wrong. I think eventually I will up this review a star. But based on my first experience we will start with average. 
All of my yelp friends always talk about this place, check in, post pics, and its so close to me house! Finally after work one night I had a sweet tooth and stopped in. 
Off top, 5 stars for décor and customer service. I love the old school classy barber shop, winery, ladies saloon style all in one. I was instantly greeted with a smile and a hello. Lighting was dim, but appropriate. 
I was instantly drawn to the berry mascarpone cake. 2 of my favorites in one. $7 for a small piece, I was disappointed. Not enough mascarpone and it was like a berry gelatin. Not bad, but not what I expected. 
I took home, chocolate covered strawberries (3 for $6, decent), cookies, macaroons, and a couple other randoms. Prices were ok. 
I could imagine myself loving this place and enjoying a glass of wine n cupcake after work entirely to often. Who's my first yelp date down for drinks and desserts?! Jessie B? Shirley B?
This place is amazing! The whole family ordered something different so it was good to have a bite of everything! We had a snicker doodle cookie, it was a million times better than I have ever made! A dirt cup that was so sweet I was grateful for the size. Birthday cake, mocha and snickers macaroons, I'm not sure what my favorite was. They were all so unique and delicious! A rice crispy treat with a thick layer of Carmel on top drizzled and dipped in chocolate..Amazing! 
I was really impressed with this place and will definitely recommend and return!
Items Selected:
Salty Caramel Banana Cupcake
Peanut Butter Blondie
Snickerdoodle
Birthday Cake Macaron - Rainbow Sprinkles, Vanilla Buttercream
Mocha Madness Macaron - Gianduja Crisp, Coffee Buttercream, Coffee Ganache
Snickers Macaron - Chewy Peanut-Caramel and Chocolate Ganache dipped in Chocolate and Peanuts
Fig and Goat Cheese Macaron - Honey Sweetened Goat Cheese and Mission Fig Jam

Located just off the 215 in Henderson and receiving nearly universal praise from palates I trust "Gimme Some Sugar" from Jean Philippe protégé Kristen LoVullo had long been on my 'to visit list,' and thus when nothing in particular struck my fancy for dinner on Saturday I did the only thing a healthy, responsible adult would do - ate dessert for dinner while watching House of Cards and drinking home Siphon Brewed Ethiopian Chelelektu from Heart.  Without a doubt a 'cute' shop with friendly service provided by a young lady named Brenda it was just after 7:00pm when I walked into the small store and with a short line fronted by a woman and her daughter planning a 'Sweet 16' party I spent some time perusing the items and chatting with other customers, seemingly each with a different favorite amongst the store's nearly twenty options.  Featuring plated desserts, custom cakes, jars, cookies, and other take-home treats it was with an eye on variety that I ordered when I approached the front of the line and self-selecting a few favorites along with two selections confirmed by Brenda to be as good as the crowd had suggested I made my way to the door immediately indulging in a buttery cinnamon-laced snickerdoodle with crispy edges and a soft center, the first of a half dozen +1 items tallying $25 after tax and tip.  Showing some restrained and retaining the rest of my purchase for the twenty-seven minute drive home it was with coffee in hand that I continued my tasting first with a bananas-foster-esque cupcake that was plenty moist but somewhat marred by overly sweet frosting but moving on to the dense peanut butter blondie things improved substantially, the dense square loaded with rich chocolate tones and roasted organic peanut butter, a classic combo only improved after a minute on a warm skillet.  Moving finally to what has seemingly become LoVullo's 'signature' item, it was with a quartet of macarons that I rounded out my evening and with each palm-sized cookie featuring a characteristic crackle over rich flavors, the texture of the crmb was actually far more dense than the Parisian classic - a moist cake-like consistency akin to the American whoopie pie and although perhaps not 'traditional,' entirely delicious - both the dense chocolate dipped Snickers and rich, savory Fig and Goat Cheese "Whooparons" undoubtedly justifying the nearly hour-long round trip...though if they ever decide to expand I definitely see a market for a second shop in ever trendy Summerlin.
I love how cute and funky this little bakery is.  I got a chocolate chip and snickerdoodle cookie and a snickerdoodle macaroon.  I loved how chewy the cookies were.  The macaroon was good but really sweet and I could only have half of it. The cashier was wonderful,  very upbeat and answered all my questions. I will definitely be back to try more.
I was introduced to macarons by a work friend and my sweet tooth was craving them badly. A quick search on yelp showed me this place with highest reviews, so I went. Its located on Stephanie and 215, and it could be hard to find. Just look for a laser tag and miniature golf plaza and its located on the right side.

I got three different things; two fig and goat cheese macaron, one mint and chocolate and one snicker doodle cupcake (see pics). All of them were delicious, specially the fig & goat cheese macaron. The cupcake was moist and the frosting just melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend checking out this place if you are craving something sweet.
They're terrible! After having one of their macarons for the first time I craved one until two weeks later when my husband brought some home! ;)

In all seriousness, I love this place. The decor is really cute and welcoming, and the staff is very friendly. I've tasted the Nutella, fruit loops, and birthday cake macarons and all were perfect. They're kind of tucked away off the 215 and Stephanie near golds gym (which is where a lot of their business when I was in there came from! :), but they're worth the trip for some delicious sweets or if you're wanting a cake that looks more like a work of art.
This place is so impressive.  All of the desserts look like a work of art, and they taste fantastic.  Lots of interesting flavor combinations with the cupcakes and macarons.  The coffee is REALLY good, and the service is great, too.  I recommend them for any occasion!
Had an appointment for a cake tasting today and my experience was wonderful. I can't wait to see how my birthday cake turns out.
Found this place via word of mouth from a reputable foodie source. Needless to say, this place is AMAZING. They have it all...hand made pastries and cakes, hot beverages, and both wine and beer. Very sexy, chic, and original. Love the concept...it's like a boutique bar and coffee/pastry shop in one. Music bumping. Eye-candy all around. Staff is super friendly, fun and knowledgable. Their cakes are masterfully done and awe-inspiring! Real craftsmanship and dedication that is evident in every bite. The dessert and wine parings are quite impressive. Some recommendations include the French macarons (Mac-a-ron, not mac-a-roon...there's a difference! These things are ginormous and come in dozens of flavors), opera cake (Kahlua and dark chocolate), fruit pavlova (meringue), the vegan cookies (trust me...these are to die for), and the chambord mousse domes (unreal! Chocolate-chambord mousse, something crispy and a chocolate brownie). The best thing is how humble they are. This place (I later found out) caters to A-listers 24/7...like you've likely seen pics of their products in magazines or on TMZ (birthday cakes galore for Hollywood...the Kardashians, Lil Wayne, Paris Hilton, Puff Daddy, Nelly, athletes...etc.), but they are still the most down to earth and professional pastry masters in the game!
This is the first dessert place that I can honestly give a super strong 5 stars to.  So good.  I have been there a handful of times... Every time I go, the desserts are decadent, amazing, divine.  I could go on and on about what I ate but honestly, you have to eat them to understand.  

Just a note: I am a chocoholic so most everything I have ordered has been chocolate.  That being said, their caramel is crazy good.  They make it themselves and if you can find something with caramel on it, I would recommend it.  They know what they are doing and actually put out amazing desserts.  The service is fantastic, too.  The nice lady behind the counter actually remembered me and made reference to what I had ordered before.  

Hope they stay in business for a long time... at least as long as I live in the area!
Gave this place a try today. My daughter had the Nutella macaroon and I had the peanut butter blondie. The macaroon was a five, but the blondie was really dry. Good flavor though. I would still recommend this place and will be back to try something else. Everyone has a bad blondie day every now and then, right?
If you are a macaroon lover this is the place to be.  I just realized im not really into macaroons but this bakery offers the best I've ever tasted. They are a bit oversized so get ready to indulge in a rich, sweet pastry. I ordered the nutella macaroon, snickerdoodle, thin mint and birthday cake.. the nutella macaroon was very sweet and rich.. nonetheless it was still good. The ambience of this place was gorgeous very girly and sophisticated. Theyre open til midnight so if you wanna lounge with your gals you can do so !
This place is so beautiful!  Very chic.  The display cakes are jaw-dropping.  They do cakes for celebrities, so you will not be disappointed in the cake design!

I love the cheesecake and macarons.  They're giant!  My personal favorite was probably the mint chocolate one, the one where they put an entire Girl Scout cookie inside.

They're open very late, so you'll love it if you get a late night sweet craving.  And they serve wine!  Great for a ladies' night out, or date night!

Brenda is super sweet and helpful!
I can't believe I have lived a mile away from Gimme Some Sugar for over three years and never stopped by for a treat. Shame, shame, shame on me.

When I did some research on the "Bake Shoppe" in the shopping center near the 215, I found out it was a well known bakery, so I immediately went to their website and researched whether or not they had gluten free options. On their site they said they had gluten free options, and I saw a couple reviews on Yelp only mentioning their gluten free brownies. However, when I went onto their Facebook page and asked about gluten free options, they immediately replied and told me most of their Macarons are safe for me to eat. I almost immediately jumped into the car and headed over to their shoppe. 

When we got there, we tried their gluten free brownie with nuts and onr Macarons: PB&J. I was worried that the Macaron was going to be too sweet and put me into sugar shock. Not even. Perfectly balanced. Sometimes gluten free baked goods can be dry, overly sweet, grainy and disappointing. When I eat a baked good that tastes like peanut butter and jelly and brings me comfort like only that kind of sandwich I can, I knew everything else was going to be great. Even though the brownie was dense, it was like a delicious flourless chocolate cake with a rich ganache. I coudn't eat it all at once, but that's what made it so delicious. The brownie (since it was huge) lasted me three days which is the way to eat baked goods!

Also, I found out that you can have parties there with friends, wine and pre-ordered Macarons. The shoppe is swanky and classy with just a bit of an edge, and after telling my friends about how delicious everything was we will be planning a fun ladies night there too. 

Stop on by, try the Macarons; they're light, delicious, not painfully sweet and always hit the spot, and I can't wait to stop by there again soon!
I gave this place a try based on the glowing reviews and was excited to do so. The ambiance is chic and beautiful. The girl behind the counter was helpful and pleasant enough. The prices were a little on the high side but in keeping with a gourmet bakery. We got 4 cupcakes to go and while they were beautiful to look at, we were disappointed to discover they were all dry and hard. While the cake itself tasted a couple of days old the frosting was fresh so I am not sure if they have a stockpile of cupcakes they frost before putting out or if this is their natural consistency. Either way I am not sure if based on this experience I would give them another try.
Went for the first time today and this place is just sooo cute! It's located off 215/Stephanie in the shopping center that Gold's Gym is in. 
I love that they're open really late, as that's when I get most of my sugar attacks lol. If you look around, you'll see that they have some AMAZING cake designs. They also have a good amount of drink options, coffees and wines yumm.I'll keep updating this everytime I try something new.

Tropical tease cake: sweet and tangy and light. LOVED this one. You'll like it if you like mango and passonfruit. Kind of reminds me of the flavor of the mango key lime cheesecake at cheesecake factory but much lighter  $7

Chocolate Chambord: rich and creamy and has a strong taste of chambord. I'd like if I tasted a little more raspberry but it was definitely delicious. I think it was a little cake layer at the bottom and covered with mousse $7

Chocolate chip cookie: reaaaally chocolatey and rich however the one I got was pretty raw on the inside. My mom has brought some to me before that had an amazing chewyness but not raw so I think I got a bad one today. Definitely not a cakey cookie. 

Macarons: first of all, these are seriously the size of your palm. Not your typically macaron! 
twix- chocolate and caramel, whats not to love?
I forgot the name  of the second one I tried but it had coconut and chocolate. Extremely delicious but a little heavy so this is not for you if you want a light dessert $4.50

The girl that helped me today was reallly sweet and had a great bubbly personality. And my total for today was $26. A little pricey but for the quality of the desserts, it's definitely worth it! Will be back soon! Next on the list: cheesecake, tiramisu, fresh fruit pavlova, fig & goat cheese macaron :)
Before placing my order, I was offered 2 samples (banana cheesecake and a blackberry macaron). The macaron texture was appetizing, but the mix of blackberry jam and buttercream filling made the macaron too sweet. I prefer having one filling (ganache, jam, or buttercream). The banana cheesecake was unique and tastey, but I didn't care for the texture of the graham cracker crust. It was chewy instead of crumbly like a proper cheesecake. The items I purchased were a snicker-doodle and chocolate chip cookie, salted caramel cupcake, and a chocolate ganache brownie. The best item by far was the snicker-doodle cookie. It was the only item that wasn't too sweet even with it having cinnamon sugar. The ganache brownie compared more to a chocolate cake and that is what it should have been labeled. It was overly sweet and was nothing like a brownie. The salted caramel cupcake was inedible except for the frosting which earned the star. They should change their name to Too Sweet To Eat.
I had a late night craving and my roomie told me about this amazing place that's not to far from our house. Once she mentioned that they had Samoa macaroon's I was SOLD! Upon arrival to the store they have two sides; a merchandise side to swag yourself out in Gimme Some Sugar gear and the bakery side. I arrived 20 minutes till closing and asked the nice lady about the Samoa macaroon's and she told me they were sold out since that morning. I was totally bummed out but then she mentioned a Nutella Macaroon which she gave to me for free. WOW!! That macaroon was amazing! I ended up ordering 5 more to help me satisfy my sugar cravings. All in all I'm a fan and will be back to try their infamous Samoa Macaroon..
French macaroons were wayyyy too sweet, and the cheesecake wasn't anything special. Texture on my macaroons were so so, that being said, they get an A for presentation. The most deceptive thing about baking is just that...looks can be deceiving.

For the same prices you can have quality at Carlos bakery in the Venetian now, for my Henderson residents!
I have one hell of a sweet tooth. I love sweets, and I also love to eat with my eyes. Gimme Some Sugar is one of the very best places I have found for desserts that are both beautiful and delicious.

The bakery itself is adorable, with very chic black and white decor. I am not really a fan of the metal chairs they have, they look cool but aren't very comfortable. If possible, sit on the cushy couch in the corner. And it's not JUST a bakery. You can also get wine here!!

The staff has always been extremely helpful when I have gone in. On my last visit I was picking up a box of treats to share with some girlfriends and the lady that helped me had so many great suggestions as to what I should get. I ended up with 3 macarons  and 3 cupcakes, all of which my friends raved about later that evening.

Personally, I have had and really enjoyed the 'haute' chocolate, the salted caramel cupcake and the arnold palmer macaron. I love that the ladies at GSS are always coming up with new and inventive creations for their bakery case. Where else will you find a fig and goat cheese macaron?! 

Two things prevent me from giving GSS a 5 star review:

1. Bigger isn't always better. I would definitely prefer the macarons if they were smaller. I know that there have been times that GSS has offered smaller macarons, and I wish they'd make that a regular occurrence. 

2. They are closed to the public on Mondays.
They did our custom Harley wedding cake way back in 2009 and most recently our daughter's 4th birthday cake. The skill level is AMAZING and the cake itself is super moist and delicious. Highly recommend!
Ah gimme some sugar. Their cakes are amazingly beautiful! I followed them on IG and the constant posts finally convinced me to go in.

I was so so disappointed. I'm big on sweets but I didn't enjoy anything here.

I tried a berry Marscapone cake, a cake pop, two macarons, a Oreo and pudding diet cup. Oh and my sister had a cupcake.

The cake pop was the best thing.

The MACARONS had a weird overly sweet whipped cream in them. The cookie part was good but the amount of whipped cream was overwhelming. They are flavored but really don't taste like what they're named because they just taste like whipped cream. Maybe I just got the only two flavors filled with whipped cream. I think it's a cute novelty but it's more like. Crisp whoopie pie or something.

The Oreo cookie, pudding, and whipped cream cup with a worm in it wasn't good.

The cake was the most disappointing. I think it was close to $8 bucks. It was really small, the thin later of berry "sauce" on top was so dry that I couldn't get through it with my fork. It was like super sense fruit leather. 

My sister said her cupcake was good.

Overall it was just disappointed. I had so much expectations since they do cakes for Hakasan and stuff but it was just disappointing. 

The place was very cute and clean but that's all it has going for it in my honest opinion.

The service was eh.
We love these guys so much that we have all our Henderson client meeting at their shop. 
Everything I've tried is delicious.
I'm a huge fan of a good almond macaron and this place has the best french macaron cookies I have ever had... and they are giant! Like the size of your palm. And they come in tons of crazy creative flavors. Super yum!
Tried Gimme Some Sugar cause I am a sucker for sweets and anything retro (the decor, mostly). So I stopped in because I heard through the grapevine that they have macarons and they are HUGE.

The grapevine did not disappoint. The macarons look delicious and are seriously large - bigger than the palm of my hand. I was super excited to grab some, so I ordered the mint Girl Scout cookie, the caramel and coconut Girl Scout cookie, a s'mores, a Nutella, and another one I can't remember. I was stoked!

I brought them home, resisting the urge to devour them in the car. I sat down at my table, opened the box, and was smacked in the face with diabetes. Holy crap were they sweet! Now, I have a serious sweet tooth. I love all things dessert, but these had a sickly-sweet over the top taste that was not very pleasing. I would LOVE a good French macaron, but I can't justify spending nearly $3 a piece for these when you can't even eat a whole one before feeling woozy. (And no, I didn't buy the one with booze in it, either).

Now, I didn't try the cakes or desserts in the case, but I would be willing to. I guess the macarons just weren't for me. I will probably be back for some cake though!
Super cute inside! A little pricey but what you pay for for fancy treats!  Cookies were soft and yummy!  Service was great, the gal that helped us was super helpful and nice!

Will definitely be back to take the rest of the family.  Cute place to take girlfriends.  They have a reverse happy hour for a dessert and drink for $14.

And if you order a cookie with ice cream they bake one fresh!
Breakfast all day, huge menu, big bar, live music. Food is really good, well priced. Open 24/7 right on Mill Ave. This place is going to make a killing. Go check it out!
Wow! Colin you sure you were at SUCKER PUNCH SALLYS???? The one at Mill and University? Well I'll tell ya, I love a good diner and I was anticipating the opening of this place for a couple weeks and last night we went in for a late night dinner. (11:30pm) Well I think a menu less then the size of a sheet of notebook paper, even if it is written on both sides is far from huge. Breakfast all day? Yeah if 4 choices is all I get what the f!!!!! My girl ordered the Mac n Cheese.... Looked like it came out of the microwave and under the crusted dried out cheese on top was a bowl of watery cream! I had the meatloaf and fries with gravy... It looked like the meatloaf was cooked yesterday and fried on the grill to heat it up... The fries were crusted with salt and both the meat and the gravy were over salted... Didnt get the cornbread as advertised and my girl couldnt even eat hers. we sent hers back and I was able to get down 1 slice of the meatloaf and about 10 fries before I started to feel ill. The waiter walked by the table twice after we sent hers back and my plate hardly touched sitting in the middle of the table. When he did stop back and asked if I was done, Didnt ask if it was alright or if I wanted a box. Never saw a manager and NOBODY ever came back to check on us! I have NEVER just up and left without paying but folks..... F@#K this place!!!! Over priced, over cooked and BAD service... I dont want to hear it was late, or just opened! Your a 24 hour diner, the food should ALWAYS be hot and fresh!!!! No soups, no salads, no real selection!!! I left feeling seriously sick to my stomach. If someone would have stopped by and say sorry or what can I do, I might have decided on a second chance but you know after sitting almost TWENTY MINUTES after he took my plate with nothing INCLUDING the check!!!! Sorry... STAY AWAY!!!!
I'm going to have to disagree with the perturbed review below. I on the other hand, had a pretty positive experience. Everyone was super friendly, from entering the establishment to departing the place. 

I was approached by the owner, whom was very friendly and asked how our service was and also the entertainment manager who introduced himself and was a bit comical as well. 

Being that I was recovering from the weekends festivities I decided to enjoy their house energy drink, Sucker Punch that I'm now addicted to and I also had a shirley temple, I mean c'mon- when you're in a diner you gotta have one or a malt shake. I wasn't hungry so I didn't get to try the food out, but definitely look forward to going back and trying it out.

To top off the whole night and really make me a happy camper would be, the acoustic performance by Aaron Lewis, singer of Staind. It was nice to enjoy the intimate performance. 

This is Sucker Punch's soft opening, so I know they are currently only providing a limited menu at the moment but that should be changing soon in the coming weeks, so just keep that in mind- and check it out!
I have been here several times now and have enjoyed all my experiences. I have had most everything on the menu and enjoyed it but I cant wait for the menu to expand. Rumor has it that a full breakfast menu is around the corner.
This is another case of a restaurant that opened too soon.  My co-workers and I decided to give it a shot for lunch yesterday.  It has only been open about 5 days at this point but when you are opening a new restaurant, soft launches are foolish and only serve to drive away customers from coming back. 

We were informed when we were seated that they wouldn't have ground beef for another 30 minutes.  Well, that ruled out the hamburgers and meatloaf leaving only a handful of items like $14 chicken plate, one of the few breakfast items, a few salads and a few appetizers.  We were woefully unimpressed with the selection and were told that they would be adding more menu items soon.  

The prices in general seemed higher than I would like to see from a diner.  We're willing to give it another try but don't want to waste our time until the menu is more than a single sheet.  Can't imagine how Dave N. has been here "several times".  Have you sampled everything on the menu twice, Dave?  Collin R.'s review also feels fake and like he hasn't actually been here.
I'm confused by three things on this Yelp listing. One, the first reviewer said he has been there several times - the place has only been open a week. I guess it's possible to go several times in a week but unlikely, especially considering he does not mention any specifics. Two, the second reviewer said there is a huge menu. Maybe there will be eventually but right now it's very limited. Three, someone posted a picture of frybread. I did not see this on the menu. All these things are very suspicious. I'm just sayin'.

Anyway, some co-workers and I went to Suckerpunch Sally's for lunch. We were excited to try a new place but in the end we left rather underwhelmed. The menu is limited right now - a few breakfast options, a couple burgers and a few entrees.  None of us were blown away by the food.
I got eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and a biscuit.  I will say the eggs were very good. Very creamy and tasty. The hasbrowns were a little on the greasy side but decent. The biscuit was pretty good and the bacon was average.
Friend 1 got an omelet and felt it was very small. She was still hungry when we left.
Friend 2 got the build your own mac and cheese. Cool concept but the portion was small and the sauce was runny.
Friend 3 got a burger. The bun was gigantic and stale. The fries were tired crinkle-cut. He wished he would have gone to Five Guys instead.

Overall the food wasn't horrible but it wasn't anything that would make us want to go back. The only reason I might check it out again is to try their pie. They are going to have to really step it up if they want to stay in business.
I've not been making good choices lately about where to dine. I have been dying to go to Sucker Punch since they announced the resturant. I figured the location would be great and the old Ruby Tuesday's would be a clean slate for them to build a really cool restaurant out of. 

Boy, was I wrong. Having been in that Ruby Tuesday before, it was obvious they put a coat of paint on it, recovered the booths, and put a minimal amount of their own very repetitive art. Suffice to say, the restaurant looks like shit. It's not cool and divey like a diner should be, and it's not pretty and upscale either, it's just like someone put lipstick on a pig and called it a day. I was actually almost at the point of wanting to walk out. The way they decorated this place and the lack of effort to build out the restaurant screamed that my meal was going to be terrible.

I ordered the Denver Omelette and my girlfriend ordered a cheeseburger. We both commented on the lack of selection on the menu. You can have either traditional breakfasts, omeletts, burgers, or three different entrees. I think I counted 11 selections on the menu. 

The food here is TERRIBLE.

My omelette was a big soaking pile of grease, with terrible quality ingredients. I swear this is true.... I've had better omeletts at IHOP and Denny's. The hash browns were average to good, but then again they were hash browns. Biscuits, terrible, and they didn't bring me honey or butter or anything. The burger looked very bad too. The shape of the burger was about 2 inches tall and 3 inches wide. There was so much bun outside of the burger. It just was not made properly. They definitely fucked up something as easy as a hamburger ordered medium that was dry as a bone and a gross dark gray color.

Our server was nice, and that's about the only saving grace, but she was terribly inexperienced and didn't properly bring our meal, condiments, or drinks. I understand this place just opened, but the inside of the restaurant is an absolute joke and the menu is bad. I don't think those are two things that are going to just improve over time. The service and food quality both can improve, but they will have to a lot in order for it to survive, because right now this place is an abortion.
It has been a while since I was impressed with food at any restaurant. And this place impressed me, which is saying something right there. 
Sucker Punch Sally's Diner off of Mill and University is open 24/7 that you can order breakfast, lunch, or dinner any time you want. EVERYTHING is made in house (that includes the pies and they're pretty darn good too). I happened to wander in there at around 7am. I loved the relaxed atmosphere but, like I said before, their food is what will get me talking. Since Sally's is still on their soft opening phase, they do not have their full menu yet BUT you can ask for things off the menu too and they'll make it for you as long as they have the ingredients. 
A friend of mine ordered a waffle that had FRESH cut strawberries and homemade whipped cream w/ his favorite eggs and bacon on the side. He said that he could tell the difference in the quality of the waffle right away and loved it. I ordered the Greek style omelet which was jam-packed with spinach, Greek olives, onions, and feta cheese and everything was packed in a thin layer of eggs like a crepe. I personally have never liked omelet's too much because restaurants always seem to give you more eggs than filling. It was practically the same way that I make it at home, just minus me slaving in my kitchen to make everything the way I like it. A homemade biscuit came with my meal and it was enough to make me want to ask for biscuits and gravy the next time I wander in there. To say the very least, the food was so good. EVERYONE needs to go there. It was amazing.
So the hubby and I were driving around yesterday looking for something to eat and we decided to try something new since we eat out so much all of the usual suspects were getting boring.  We decided to try Sucker Punch Sally's since we had driven by there recently and saw that they were open.  Before I start, I would just like to say DO NOT try to park at the Jack in the Box next door thinking you can get away with it because my car was towed while I was sitting in Sally's waiting on my food, and it rolled right past me on the back of a tow truck, but that's another story...Anyway, they told us the menu was limited because it was a soft opening, but they had several tasty sounding selections to choose from.  I decided on the Navajo Taco.  It was huge and delicious!  It also came with some homeade potato chips that they made fresh.  They were still hot and they were seasoned with some sort of sweet-salty mix.  Soooo good!  I couldn't stop eating them.  My husband got the carnivore omelet, which I thought was very good as well.  It was made with maple flavored sausage, which I love, but my husband says he liked it at first, but after awhile he got tired of the sweetness.  His also came with a freshly made biscuit that was soft and fluffy!  I can't wait to go back to try the full menu!  Everything I had was definitely tasty!
Umm...W-T-F?!??!!!

Came here to grab some food and a drink. First of all, the place was dead and the decor/vision of the place seems all over the place. But whatever. We seat ourselves.

After about 15 minutes the server comes over and asked what we wanted to drink. And then tosses some menus on the table, while saying: "Sorry guys, we just opened. We don't have a fucking clue what's going on". Fine. Beers arrive. The menu did not look impressive. At all. I ordered fries and gravy. Not much you can mess up there right? WRONG. How about salt-less stale fries and gravy that tastes as if it crawled out of a can.

But this gets better...
Server: Omg, did you guys see that guy?
Me: What guy?
Server: The one that was just arrested outside?
Me: Excuse me?!?
Server: Oh yeah! It was crazy...he walked in here with his penis hanging out.
Me: WHAT?????????
Server: Yeah, it was just hanging out.
Me: Ummm...check please.

Bad food? Overpriced beer? And crazies? No thanks.
Phoenix, we need to seriously recognize that we have a great thing going here and exploit it.  We're humbly cool, our best restaurant is a pizza place, we're a tough crowd who has a artistic bent, we need to celebrate that.  Sucker Punch Sally's does.  So does the Roosevelt, Four Peaks, Fez, Stinkweeds, Hoodlums, Cowtown, Sunset Clothing, Frances, Honey Bears, Queen's Pizza, Lux, Pita Jungle...

If you haven't gleaned, I love this place.  I don't know the owners, they might not like me, as I'm a bit square, but I'm so happy they are taking this risk.  The use the Rockabilly motif and rock it out in spades.

Menu is standard diner fare, but with a twist.  They aren't running their full menu yet, smart move for a business getting on its feet in this economy, but what they are offering is good dinner food.

The three of us had a great time there.  $3 16oz Pabst, great loose meet sandwich and the homemade BBQ chips that came with it.  Had a bite of the Navajo Taco and the Pork Tenderloin sandwich, both very good and huge portions.  The rest of the menu is great too, chilli fries, wings (try the Sally's sauce), milkshakes and (thank the lord) affordable breakfast served all day.

They also have a full bar and soda fountain.  And they have a stage for live music.  And they are open 24 hours.  You know what else is open 24 hours in Phoenix?  F'ing McDisgustings and a bunch of crap Mex places.  

Love Phoenix or Leave Phoenix (or make it somewhere you can love)
This place is a very welcome non-corporate-chain restaurant on Mill. My friend and I went for a late breakfast today (Sunday), and it was great. I had the omelet with home-made chorizo, which needed salt, but was otherwise delicious, and the price was reasonable. The sweet Navajo fry bread was awesome. All the ingredients seemed fresh and good quality, and the coffee's better than at your average diner, too. I think this place is going to be a new stand-by near campus... They have wifi, and they're open 24 hours. Can't beat that.

We didn't have any service issues like those mentioned by other reviewers here... Our waitress was great. They're probably just hitting their stride as a new place. I think they're owned by a local bike building shop who've decided to get into the restaurant biz (website: http://www.suckerpunchsallys.com/ )--go figure. But hey, it's awesome that it's a local company, and kudos to them for going for it in spite of the crappy economy.  And I bet they'll do really well with the 2am weekend crowd. 

Sucker Punch is definitely worth checking out, especially for breakfast.
My husband and I came to town to visit with some friends and we decided to try the diner. I decided that with all the up and down reviews it would probably be a fine enough place. We were greeted at the door by a very friendly gentleman who welcomed us in. It was about 1:30 in the afternoon and not very busy. That was the last of friendliness we experienced. It took about 15 minutes to be "greeted" by our server. She took our drink order and left menus. After another 10 minutes our drinks came and we placed our order. I thought that so far, we had been waiting a long time and I was starting to fear the worst of the reviews creeping back into my mind.... My husband and I ordered the meatloaf with fries and a side of gravy. My friend ordered the mac and cheese and her husband a burger with extra cheese and bacon and gravy fries. Both orders of meatloaf looked very dry even with the gravy on top, the side of gravy didn't come out with meal, the mac and cheese was runny like it wasn't cooked enough or hastily thrown together. The burger was looking good but if one piece of cheese is extra cheese....... When we asked for our side of gravy and my friends husband asked about the extra cheese.... I felt like we were asking for our meal for free..... Overall..... The best experience we had was at the door by the gentleman who greeted us... The meatloaf was mediocre at best and the gravy a congealed mess and salty along with our alleged "fresh cut" fries.... The mac and cheese was not good at all according to my friend but her husband said the burger was good and the pickle that came with it was nice and crunchy. I do think that the service staff could be better and more friendly. They were very chatty amongst themselves while the ice was melting in our drink glasses and God forbid you question what you were getting. I think we will have to pass on this place the next time for sure. Save your money too and to the gentleman who greeted us so nicely at the door, thank you! To bad the rest of the staff couldn't be more like you....
This is the absolute worst restaurant I have been to in years.  There was no toilet paper in the women's bathroom and it was very, very dirty. Some guy was installing lights in an area right by where we were eating with an electric drill.  The food here is much worse than Denny's . The menu is very limited, very greasy, and the offerings are just weird. Don't get the Indian taco. No sure where they got this recipe but it is an embarassment to Native Americans.  Avoid this place like the plague.
Went to the door and was seated by security guard. He only had one menu and said he would try to find another. He did shortly after. Very limited menu!! Waited about 10 minutes before any waitress came by to take drink orders. Another 5 before she came back with drinks and took food order. Ordered a waffle. Was supposed to come with fresh strawberries and whipped cream as well as a side of hash browns and an english muffin. I got a cold dry waffle with nothing on top of it, a piece of frozen butter that wouldn't melt on a cold waffle and cold syrup. Then I had to ask for the rest of my food from the runner. Brought me uncooked breakfast potatoes (i ordered hash browns) and an untoasted english muffin. My wife ordered a breakfast burrito that was supposed to be egg, cheese, guacamole, sour cream and salsa. got a egg and cheese burrito, some raw potatoes, and an untoasted english muffin. Waitress never came around to ask how food was or bring any drink refills. Other 3 tables around me all had problems too.I don't know what was worse, the "service" that was nonexistent or the uncooked and/or raw food. I will never go back for food. I would give 1/2 star if it were an option. If this place doesn't step up it will be closed in no time
A breakfast spot on Mill? Hurray! 

I was so excited when Sucker Punch Sally's opened, I work on Mill and there has not been a "hot" breakfast spot within walking distance in years. By "hot" I mean something other than donuts and bagels. I looked them up online and was confused when the website listed was for a bike shop.. Hmm ok so I can't order ahead. I walked over and placed an order to go. The staff was very friendly, and explained that the owner also owns a bike shop (old school choppers and such) in Scottsdale. They should have the website update soon yadayada.

I ordered a Denver omelet with hashbrowns, walked back to work and opened up the box. I should mention that it was about 10am and I was starving. I would have ate just about anything at that point, or so I thought. I opened up my box and looked down in disgust. Before me was an undercooked omelet (see picture) so undercooked that there was a puddle of yolk/water in the box, and to go with it was a side of freezer burned, undercooked hash browns. The hash browns were browned on the top but raw and soggy underneath. I was so disappointed, I tried choking it down but my taste buds revolted and I had to throw it away. It's interesting  to see 5 star reviews for this place. Lower standards perhaps? Or maybe I just had a bad experience? I doubt that as  there have been 4 other people I work with that have been over there and all had bad experiences. 1 star for getting  the name right, after that breakfast I felt "Sucker Punched".
My new favorite Breakfast place near my new digs in Tempe, Suckerpunch Sally's serves up awesome REAL food with rockabilly flare!

I've gone twice since their weeks long "soft opening", Sally's is open 24-7 for all your eating, drinking, and dancing needs. I have yet to experienct the later two ammenities but I am WAY impressed with their well stocked bar.

This non-chain (yay) serves some awesome breakfast. My first visit featured a two eggs done over hard with bacon and hash browns. along with french toast and a side of english muffins. The entire meal was awesome! I loved it! perfect bacon, great eggs, perfection!!! 

The second time I went, I got the hash and eggs. The ONLY blip was that it had onions in it, but I guess that's standard for REAL hash and not the cat food-like hash from a can I grew up on! lol... Even though I hate onions, it was so good that I kept picking at it (avoiding the onions!). I  ordered some sausage to make up for the hash, the sausahge tasted freezer burnt. I didn't like it. The flavor was good, but it wasn't stored correctly which is why it tasted burnt. 

In spite of these lil bumps in the road, I still really really like this place. I don't know if its because the menu boasts so much diner comfort food at decent prices (especially for Mill Ave) or the fact that its decor is so rad with its rockabilly vibe that is like the 1950s on acid! I love the tin roof and the silver glitter booths! oh.. and they have FRYBREAD!! I haven't tried it yet, but I'm seriously looking forward to it!
I just dined at this restaurant and can say without exaggeration that it's the worst food and service that I've had in years. With a party of six diners, we ordered a round of food after the bars had closed. Our choices were a cross-cut of the menu--wings, a burger, a chorizo burrito, a navajo taco, an omelette and an egg sandwich. 

Our order took about 40 minutes to come out and not all of it was there. Extra bacon ordered did not come out until our food was consumed. The extras that come with breakfast (toast, etc.) never came out after repeatedly asking for them. The waitress was unapologetic.

The food itself was lackluster at best and inedible at worst. Please don't eat at this restaurant--you will be disappointed. Go to the IHOP on Apache or go home. You'll be better served.
Ate here for like around the tenth time yesterday at midnight and it is as good as it ever was.  This is still the soft opening menu, but they are getting it right and making it righter.  

Had the Mac and Cheese, friends had the burger, the chorizo omlette, the spicy Benedict, all were good.  The stand out is the apple pie, home made, huge and wonderful.

Service was good, real sweetheart and it made for a great night with a big group of friends.

Eggs to go? Why would you do such a thing?
I've been here five times for breakfast now, and Sally has yet to disappoint.  The lunch / dinner menu is all comfort, but looks solid as well.  Nice little stage setup by the bar for acoustic sets they host during the weekends.  I'm a fan!
Again, I want to LOVE all thing Mill Ave., but this was my second time to Sucker Punch Sally's and I'm still not thrilled by the food. However, I do give them full credit for being local and bringing a unique business back to Mill Ave. so major props for that.

They are STILL on a temporary menu (they had an even smaller menu a month ago) and perhaps I am ordering the wrong things from the lunch side - but everything has just been OK. I'm hoping this too is temporary.

I do love that they are open 24 hours for the bar/college crowd - maybe next time I need to dine there after a night of partying and order breakfast??

Until then, I will choose someplace else for lunch or breakfast. But I'm not giving up, I'll give them another shot in a few months once the full menu has been released and they've had more time to perfect their menu and style!
OK, so, I'm finding it hard to it hard to be objective about a 24/7 diner/bar opening directly across the street from where I work because that's kind of my nirvana, but I'll give it my best shot.

FOOD: I've been there now 5 times in, what is it, like...3 weeks. Every time the food has been excellent. Excellent burger - good to finally find a non-pretentious restaurant that knows to get a great burger you have to use beef and pork. They passed the over-easy egg test with flying colors and got extra credit for perfect hash browns. The pancakes were great with my only criticism being that no one in the world can eat three pancakes that are all 3/4" thick and the size of a dinner plate. Only less-than-stellar food experience was with the Midwest Loose-Meat Sandwich, which I ordered mostly due to a curiosity about the name and which turned out to be a little underseasoned and a lot soggy. Maybe that's just how you crazy Midwesterners like your meat.

DESSERT: Yes, dessert at Sucker Punch Sally's does deserve its own category. Three words: Secret. Pie. Menu. They apparently have hired someone solely to do pie R&D. Priorities firmly aligned here, captain. I've had the key lime and the apple in addition to the Navajo fry bread and each was excellent.

DRINKS: Full bar. I love places you can transition from last call to breakfast without having to get up and stumble around. My only real complaint with SPS, however, is that they need to improve their draft beer selection - the only decent, non-corporate brand on offer here is 90 Shilling, which is a good start. I heartily suggest to them a coffee stout, which they should then have a last-call special for to ease the breakfast transition.

ATMOSPHERE: The actual physical decor seems very much in-progress, with stuff just tacked up anywhere, but I get the feeling that will improve with time. The classic Gretsch guitar collection is definitely a step in the right direction. Apparently the place is kind of a side project for a Scottsdale motorcycle shop, and that shows.  I hope it will be carried throughout.

SERVICE: Good to great and certainly a lot of character. I almost wanted more attitude out of a couple of servers. Anyone bussing tables with full-sleeve tattoos should be allowed to be a little bit gruff or a smart-ass. If you want flare-covered snivelers who want to be your best friend in the whole, wide world, go to some stupid chain food-replication unit. 

24/7 diner with great food and a full bar, fast wireless, cool people, decent playlist and an amazing location. If it had a jukebox and a dartboard I would live there.
This place is pretty darn cool. I envisioned just a regular diner like Waffle House or Eat-Rite Diner (fellow St. Louisans would know), but it was much more. 

I loved the bar area. Alcohol in a diner is cool. Normally I go to a diner after drinking, but sometimes you want more. Or you can start your night there and stay...whatever. 

I loved the decor. Old school Bettie Page rockabilly style was cool. It reminded me of my sister, who I hope will come visit me soon. I really want to show her this place. 

Anyway, I went into Sucker Punch Sally's for breakfast. I wanted an omelet, but the menu items didn't interest me. They let me build my own and it was very good. My hash browns were YUMMY as well!! 

I will be back. Maybe next time it will be for drinks and dinner :)
We were excited when this place opened: a diner with a moto-theme! How cool! What a great place to have motorcycle meet-ups. Our motorcycle group was pretty pleased with the idea of making this a somewhat regular dinner gathering spot. 

Not having parking close to the restaurant is a bummer. The service was good the first couple of times we went and the food was hot and tasty.

But this last time we went, the food took forever to get to us and half of it was cold. The grits were soupy (ew). The manager and waiter made up for it, but it put a damper on our enthusiasm for the place. 

So, Sucker Punch Sally's, maybe we'll give it another shot... in a month or so.
So far I've only been to Sally's for the breakfast (but to be fair it was afternoon by the time I made it there) but I really enjoyed it. My waitress was super nice and attentive. 

The food was exactly what you want it to be - I mean don't come here if you want some fancy breakfast. This is diner food, and GOOD diner food. I had eggs, hashbrowns, toast, bacon and a pancake and it was greasy, fatty, buttered and everything that's so bad for you but tastes too good to pass up.

Parking wasn't a problem for me because I work on Mill so I have a parking pass but I could see that bumming other people out.

I think this is exactly what we needed on Mill and the fact that it's open 24-7 only makes it more convenient.
OMG. I had low expectations of this place walking in. I had never heard of it and there were not many people there, but seriously, this place was great!!
The milkshakes were awesome. We each had a different kind, I ordered the peanut butter. It was VERY peanut buttery and creamy and good!
For my....dinner I guess (it was 2am, what is that, my 4th meal?) I had the mac and cheese which came highly recommended. I added tomato, ham and green chile. That was seriously the best mac and cheese EVER (sorry Grandma). It was good enough that I have thought about it every day since. Day dreaming of endless lakes pools and clouds of nothing but mac and cheese. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals as much as I did. The Navajo taco and carnivore burrito were big hits with my friends.
I can't wait to go back.!
I have to admit I've been to better diners but this one is fine with me. Altho it's not cheap like Jerry's I like this place because of milkshake selection, they have the usual flavors, strawberry, choco, vanilla, but they also have peanut butter. The only other place that I've had a peanut butter shake was at this diner in Carlsbad, CA. So they get a star for that! Service can be slow. and the booths quite small. They didn't really change the layout when Ruby Tuesday's left the space and they just glamorized it with rock n roll accessories. Nothin special. I've ordered two items on the menu, the grilled cheese and their ham, sausage, bacon, egg burrito. Both were alright, nothing special, something to satisfy those after bar cravings, and sober you up for the drive home. the peanut butter shake is good tho, not too peanut buttery and not too sweet, just right.

Umm... for Sucker Punch staff but I think you should hide that note by your cashier station that says, "sell 5 desserts, get a free meal". It's great and all that you're encouraging your staff with incentives but as a customer, knowing that policy... I really wouldn't care to know. It's just something you cannot avoid seeing since it's by the entrance. Oh and what's with the corner booth that no patrons can sit in? I think it's a great corner but it's a turn off when I'm told that I cannot have the choice to sit there because it's the manager's discretion... i can always bring my business elsewhere. So I give this place 3 stars for the overall business hours since it's a 24 hour joint, has peanut butter shakes and alright food. At least it's better than IHOP on Apache foodwise.
Two words: THE PIE.

Get the apple. It's monstrously large and possibly the best I've ever had, and I'm pretty picky. It comes warm, and you can have it à la mode for no extra charge. It's not filled with that weird sickly-sweet goo-- just tons of apples and cinnamon. And love. 

Holy crap. I dream about it.

My friend also swears by the key lime, though I haven't had it yet. Be sure to ask your waiter for that day's pie list, because their pastry chef likes to mix things up. (And yes, according to the waitstaff, this diner has a pastry-school-trained chef on pie duty. And it shows.)

Sucker Punch continues to be my new default location for casual meals/beer/meetings and combinations of all three... To those of us who keep odd hours, it's been a godsend--I think the whole graduate contingent of the ASU theater program may just move right in one of these days.  

Since my last review, I've probably been there about 10 more times, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. Most importantly, there's room enough to sit and talk, and it's not too loud to think (especially on non-weekend nights). The wifi's been reliable, and lately the music selection has been awesome, too.  Ok, so the service isn't always perfect, but everyone's friendly and apologetic, and it all comes out in the wash.

But really... Just come for the pie. You won't regret it.
I finally made it to this spot we've passed over because of the mixed reviews. The place looks pretty good slightly nostalgic with guitars, motorcycle parts, and old articles on the tables. 

There was only one customer when we arrived the server was delivering food then quickly came over to seat us. We ordered coffee and received it right away. I forgot to indicate that I wanted decaf and the server said she just brewed some and brought it back right away. I ordered the two egg, hashbrowns, bacon and english muffin. My gf ordered the chorizo but meant hash. I just thought she changed her mind but when the food came out she was like, "I ordered the hash." I said you were still sleeping because you told her chorizo. Any way we asked for a side of hash and didn't mind paying extra because it was our error. The hash came out quickly and we began to dig in. Hash browns were good and crunchy but mushy in the middle. Eggs and muffin were perfect. The bacon was thick and pretty good. The chorizo was just as I expected..fair at best. The hash was not the typical but rather sliced but was rather tasty. It was like their home fries (peppers, onion and spices) mixed with corned beef. 

Overall the place was alright unlike the many reviews I read beforehand. I should know better than to write or read a review after hours!
Not the WORST place, but nowhere NEAR the best place, I've ever been.

Went in, back in January, for a dinner around 9:30, on a rainy night with my beau. It took 15 minutes for our waitress to stop, acknowledge our existence, and take our drink order. By that time, we had decided our food order, and gave her that, too. Another 10 minutes later, we received our beverages. another 25 minutes later, we received our order, and my chili cheese fries were decidedly bland, while his hamburger was worse than McDonalds. Minus that his regular fries were actually good.

I'm pretty sure that will be my only experience at SPS's. The decorations were pretty awesome though.
Location Is excellent. Open 24 hours is a great thing for us tempenians who are sick of Gus's pizza and filibertos. Food is good too. One thing that turned me off from giving this 4 stars was this a-hole guy working there. Has a long white beard thing. Anyway I'll probably go back until a great Greek place opens up that is 24 hours
Sucker Punch Sally's is a nice place to grab breakfast on Mill.  The prices are alright and their hashbrowns are made the way I likes 'em.  Usually people serve up this mash of whatever-the-fuck but here, they grate the potatoes and serve them crispy.  The way I likes 'em.

I'm sort of burnt out on places with a 50's motif, but whatever.  I like the colors.  It's kind of cozy.

One thing that bothers me:  The name "Sucker Punch Sally's" sounds like something disgusting you'd head about in high school.  You never heard of a sucker punch sally?  It's when a girl....

Nah, but as a whole, it's a cool alternative to have in Tempe.  Read my review on Harlow's.  I like Harlow's, but I always get diarrhea.  IHOP is full of olds and I don't particularly enjoy pancakes.  They hit the bottom of my gut with the gravitational force of Jupiter.  Now we've got Sucker Punch and it's pretty chill.
Went again... this time I went with a few more people, Event #1, Beckita and I went and spent HOURS there... uhhh... NOT because it was such an awesome place we couldn't be pulled away.... but because the service was so SLOW that it took forever and a year for us to get our food. We arrived at 9 on sunday and didn't leave until MIDNIGHT!! yeah... and we left as soon as we finished the last bite. 

She had the fried chicken which was fresh and crispy with cole slaw which was really a lightly dressed salad and mac n cheese which had a nice kick of chili which made all the difference in the world! I had serious food envy. 

I had the Navajo Fry Bread... Okay... Can we talk? Okay, now I KNOW that chances are... there's not some Navajo grandmother in the back mixing dough or flapping away over a hot lard filled cast iron skillet. I KNOW this... so I shouldn'e expect much... but I still hoped it would be edible... alas my dear Yelpers... it was... unexpected. i mean, it was good and awful at the same time!! How so? Well the bread was tough, I can tell that it was cooked in low heat and that the dough was possibly stored while frozen. This bread does some diservice to Navajos. (but they can be taken down a peg or two) and yet... the toppings, the green chili spicy ground beef, the crisp and fresh lettuce, the finely shredded jack chese and that AWESOME salsa verde was ah-mazing!! That was the best salsa verde I've ever had! If I could, I would totally take a frybread from the Frybread House and take the toppings from SPS and create the best Indian Taco EVER!! I think SPS needs to get out of the frybread business and place their green chili beef, lettuce and cheese on some tortilla chips and call it Nachos!

On my most recent visit, I had the waffle, it was yummy... I would have liked to be cooked a lil more, but I like my waffles extra crispy. To my yelpers, I say: if its late late at night and you MUST eat somewhere and are on Mill, give this place a go. and if you order the Navajo Taco, don't be surprised if you find yourself eating nothing but the topping and leaving the bread behind. I did. Also, have a LOT of time as service is very sketchy and pretty slow... even late at night with only two tables filled.
Finally tried Sucker Punch Sally's today and I think it has promise.  They are still on the small opening menu so the lunch choices were limited but I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and must say I was impressed.  Obviously made in house and not frozen, nice sized portion and very tasty, almost like a German schnitzel.  The fries were so-so, I don't care much for fresh cut fries as they are usually limp like these were.  Will definitely give them another try for breakfast and when they get the full menu going in a few weeks.  Nice vibe and the waitress was very friendly.  If you live in the area and have been thinking about it, give them a try.
My picks:
Belgian Waffles
French Toast
Breakfast Potatoes
Any of the pies

I love anyplace that serves breakfast 24 hours a day.  But I have been here a couple of times and something is just off.  I wish they would pay more attention to the small details (hint your plates slide off your tables, , your women's restroom needs a facelift, and never never never give our menus where you used a sharpie to scratch off menu items that didn't make the cut.)
I'm sorry Josh P., I should have updated sooner.  The excellence you may read in my previous reviews has been short lived.  The two stars I am subtracting here are entirely for their food (sans pie).  The service is still good, the idea behind it is still awesome, this place still is a great addition to Mill, but I won't eat a meal here again.

I like SPS a lot.  They bring in great music, have awesome art and a very cool staff.  They fell victim to a deal with Hensley early on, giving them a pretty crap tap selection, but they are doing their best to get good beer in the house.  Any place that features tall boys of PBR has a special nostalgia in my heart.

The problem is that I haven't had a good meal there since my first.  I have tried many things on their menu, from oddly spiced chili fries, to confused and soggy salad, to huevos which are almost inedible.  I do like the pancakes, but that is pretty tough to screw up.

They advertise their food on their fb page and all of the new menu hasn't looked good.  I like the ideas behind it, but evey photo and video has showed food that doesn't look appealing.
  
I will try again in  6 months.
We went for pie.  The apple pie was good as far as the filling went--nice and spicy.  But the crust was so big it wasnt cooked thru, I didnt eat it.  The portion--enough for three people--not a good thing for me, but some might like it.  The key lime was good and a bigger portion than other places serve.  Overall, not the best pie ever, the quest continues for great pie.  
Service was slow, waitress was nice.
When you have the corner restaurant on Mill and University, you better bring it.  With that being said, I think this place has a long way to go and I think it's going to close down before that time comes.

It's a great concept.  I can imagine it being a decent place for a night life.  I wasn't there for that.  I was there at noon on a Monday.  Bad idea?

My wife, mom and I ordered the cheese burger.  How can you go wrong?  My wife went to order it medium rare and got a disclaimer from the nice but incredibly forgetful waitress (I'll get to that later) that medium rare is very rare here.  She talked her into ordering it medium.  I still stuck with medium rare.  My burger came out like a hockey puck while my mom and wife's came out medium well.  I sent mine back.  My dad ordered biscuits and gravy, they looked good but my dad felt like the gravy came out of a can.

The waitress was a nice girl.  I can imagine working there she might get a lot of stuck up and rude clientele.  What I don't understand is she would suggest something, we'd get it and then she'd forget it.  Eg: side salad for my wife, order of fries for my dad, swiss on my moms burger.  All were forgotten and brought out when reminded.  There were maybe 2 other tables there and 2 waitresses on duty.  She wrote everything down.  I guess she had a long weekend.  Good thing her personality kept her from getting a full tip.

Bottom line, this food is terrible.  The service is terrible.  This place has nothing going on for itself.  From reading Daniel R's review, I can see that this place may redeem itself in a nightlife situation but I'll never find out for myself.
My strategy here is to ask the server what their favorite thing is, or what they recommend. I usually go with the first or second thing they say. My experience choosing for myself has been horrible-- a frybread "taco" the size of a small child filled with the blandest beans/lettuce/tomato possible, and one other dish I repressed the memory of. Their chocolate shake, meatloaf, and mac-n-cheese, however, was fine when ordered as the server suggested (each ingredient by itself would be pretty tasteless, so usually this involves all the fixins.) There are also items apparently not on the menu. One recurring problem also seems to be excess salt.

For late night service, though, I *think* it's better than Denny's...
could be the worst cheeseburger I've ever had.  asked the waitress (who was great) about the meat, which was tough and oddly spiced.  even she agreed it was a "different"   will go back, but to drink, def not to eat.  if you want a good cheeseburger, the Chuckbox is about 100 yrds down University
Sucker Punch Sallys really come through with great food and excellent drinks.  The staff were all very attentive, professional, and just cool. The place has a very welcome rockibillty vibe and excellent food. I HIGHLY recomend the Corned Beef sandwhich, which I am going to go ahead and proclain Corned Beed at Sucker Punch Sally's (SPS) to be the best in Tempe, even better then my beloved Chompies. The bar is stocked with a full line of deliciousness, this combined with the great food has bumped SPS up to be my new favorite bar on mill.
So I do love the style of this place, the booths are really cool. I always like the 50's dinner thing. I think the prices for the food here are reasonable. I ordered the eggs benidict with jalopeno hollandaise sauce $6.99. I thought it was so good I almost ordered a second round. The hash browns are freakin awsome and actually bown and crispy not greasy and mushy. My girlfriend got the fry bread dessert. I tried it and  It was very disapointing for me she only had a few bites. My standerds for frybread are high cause I have a killer recipe. We meet our friends there and one got the build it your way mac n cheese. She got tomatoes and green chillies. She shared and i thought it was good with the green chilies but I would pass on the tomato but she loved it. Her Husband got a burger. The burgers here are $10. Everywhere you go a burger is now $10. It was big and looked very tasty. The drink prices could be $1or 2 less per drink but your on mill so its expected I guess. They did have $2 bud bottels for happy our.  The reason for 3 stars and not 4 is cause the fry bread was disapointing and our waitress was good but once the food was served  she did not come back to refill my drink for a while and thats when i really needed a drink, and they were not busy at this point. All in all I liked it and will be back for sure. The waiters and waitresses all were tattooed and had really cool Sucker Punch Sallys shirts. I want one of those shirts. Its a cool dinner with a bar. Check out the pies they m,ake herefresh daily. They are huge and look great. Ill get it next time.
I suspect Sucker Punch Sally's really shines at 2 AM after a night of cocktails. But it is totally acceptable for dinner, too. My order was good, it arrived quickly, wasn't cold and had these chips which are actually homemade potato chips with lots of salt, spice and just a hint of sweet. They were kinda like sweet potato fries in flavor except they where plain old Idahos. I recommend the chips rather than fries. The best part of my meal was the key lime pie. I should have eaten that first; the piece was huge and really good. My friend had the fry bread for desert which he didn't like. I didn't try it because it didn't smell good to me, not like it was bad just unappetizing. The waitress claimed there were healthy menu choices somewhere but they were very well camouflaged with cheese and grease. Good thing because we weren't there for salad.
So I was walking by, and decided to try it on-the-fly (having never checked on Yelp previously).

Upon entry, it wasn't too crowded, yet it was also about 2 pm in the afternoon, so I wasn't necessarily expecting it to be teeming with people. The hostess and wait-staff were nice. They had a long row of booths located against a long row of windows facing the sidewalk, so I asked for a booth, and was seated at one, where I was happy to give my legs a stretch. This - I liked. 

The decor was in diner-style, and if I remember correctly, it also looked like they had a good size bar, yet it was located off to the side of the dining room. The bar area was done in really dark, old fashioned wood, and it looked deserted - so I'm not sure if they were just closed and/or not serving, or if it was just during their slow period, but considering that it looked like it took up half of their space - i'd reconsider redesigning their bar layout/decor so that the bar just looks a little bit more integrated with the regular seating area. 

Seeing that darker, emptier space off of the dining room just separates/isolates itself even more, and perhaps they should redesign that part of it to look like a soda fountain or something - it's just that I saw other eateries/bars along Mill Ave, and they were just chock-full of students (even in the afternoon). 

I ordered a chorizo burrito with extra avocado. It was a pretty good size, and the tortilla tasted fresh, and so did the eggs. It came with sour cream and salsa, and they gave me half an avocado, which I greatly appreciated - most places can skimp on this!

Everything about the burrito was pretty right-on - except for the "chorizo". I've tasted better, and though not absolutely horrible, it may have been overcooked, dry, or perhaps leftover. It tasted more like Italian sausage, and it was kind of chunky rather than having that smoother ground meat texture that chorizo usually has. 

A suggestion might be to cook it *with* the egg, and/or cook it *with* some potato before putting the burrito together. it kind of needed a "glue" (as if it was missing some sort of ingredient!). 

Had it not been for my skepticism, though, I actually would've given this place 4-stars. 

Upon seeing their profile here and writing this, I can honestly say that I've never gone to a restaurant that's not even rated with 3-stars on Yelp.
It's closed. For the entire summer. They're claiming renovations, but that is way lame.
I was really excited when this place finally opened. I decided to go there for post-drinks munchies on my birthday, since it's open 24 hours.

Some of my friends opted for breakfast, and my boyfriend and I opted to split some buffalo wings and a burger.

The breakfasts looked dreadful, eggs looking up from their plates all sad and pale... and it seemed like every side order came quite a while later.

My boyfriend absolutely love buffalo wings. I mean LOVES buffalo wings. He love them so much he once drank the leftover wing sauce from a take-out container (much to the chagrin of his stomach). So we thought we were in for a late-night treat... 

The wings came out with no sign of sauce, not even a light coating. We were hungry so we tried them anyways. I don't know how they did it, but somehow the wings were both charred and slightly undercooked. Whatever kind of "spice" they used on them was burnt beyond recognition. And again, NO SAUCE!

I think that my burger was more salt than burger. (I've heard rumors that terrorists have been sneaking into American kitchens and pouring salt in the food to kill us slowly, so maybe Sally's is a victim?) I've eaten terrible burgers, even ones at Applebees, but this one was absolutely inedible - even in my slightly inebriated state.

My roommate ordered the Navajo Taco, but that soggy, bland excuse for the real thing was also too horrible to eat. I hope that Sally's Navajo Taco meets up with a State Fair Navajo taco in a dark alley in South Phoenix...

I hope that after their summer vacation, Sally's hires new kitchen staff - right now I would only recommend it to people I hate.
The owner Christian Clayton is three business days behind (5 total days) as of 6/14 and counting on paying the bulk of his employees. He owes me personally, close to 100 hours. We will be going downtown to the labor department to file a wage claim tomorrow. This post is to let the general public know what kind of business you will be supporting in September.  Please call his other business Sucker Punch Sally's Old School Chopper Spot at 480-778-9500 to voice any dismay or concern for average people who are being kicked out on the street.
pretty sure I called this one! It's really a sad thing the employees were not paid, there is no excuse for that. Please read the other reviews and boycott the owners other businesses.
My family loves this place. The food is amazing and you can pretty much create anything you want if you order it right.

Mac and cheese w/feta cheese spinach and olives? YES PLEASE

Also their loosemeat sandwiches are to DIE for. I never thought I'd find one here in Arizona!

The staff is always very friendly. Bar is a little pricey but that's to be expected.I've never gone and had it be too busy and my family says they have the best pies around (I don't like sweet stuff).

I hear theres a lot of drama going on about the owner and his employees. Hopefully they get that all fixed up because the food is amazing and it would be a shame to lose this restaurant.
Sally's is a place to chase the evening after last call. They are heads and tails above any other option in the area for late night eats (everything other than fast food basically closes around 12). 
The decor in Sally's is pretty bitchin': motorcycle memorabilia, 50's and 60's knick knacks, classic guitars, tatt'd guys and dolls serving and just a general veneer of rockabilly tinged throughout.
Personally Sally's isnt about the food so much as a gathering spot, a rallying point to fortify yourself w/ a snack and hours of convo until the eyelids are just too heavy to stay open and the booze no longer seems appealing.
The servers at SPS are generally very friendly.The booths are big and comfy. And the ice! oh the ice is sooo awesome! i love it, it's a weird thing to rave about but i have never had ice like that outside of a snow cone really lol!
All in all i like sally's, but it's nothing to write home about, just a decent place to stay up late.
if only you could smoke inside, i'd bump my rating up to 5 stars, but thats not really for them to decide i suppose..
On a recommendation from the concierge at the Luxor, Mary Jane, we had dinner last night at Hussongs.  I didn't hold out much hope for finding authentic Mex on the strip in Vegas but I was pleasantly and happily surprised.  

Luckily she'd made us a reservation (5 of us locals) and we were seated immediately.  The place is long and narrow and they have squeezed as many tables as possible into the small space.  For those who are familiar with Mandalay Place, it's in the former Chocolate Swan space.  

Anyway, we had standard chips and 2 kinds of salsa.. nothing memorable except the chips appeared to be hand made as opposed to processed and bagged.   
Service was fast, we had our hand shaken margaritas within minutes of ordering and it was extremely crowded due to MAGIC & the Vet Convention.  Margarita was large & delicious.  
Our appetizers were the:  guacamole, thick and chunky with just a slight bite of spiciness and def. delicious; the queso fundido which was thick with cheesy goodness; and the house specialty, Elote Plazero, an ear of corn on the cob, roasted with a thin coat of mayo/butter and cheese.  I could have had a 1/2 dozen of those and called it a day. 

Only 2 of us opted for an entree, both having the Enchiladas Suiza. It was beautifully prepared, presented and gobbled down!! This cantina is not for those who are expecting mid-America "mex" -- it is as authentic as it gets north of the border. 

...and if it is any indication, I am going back there today for lunch because I don't think I fully experienced all that mexi-goodness last night and must have another go of it.

EDIT: 9/1/2010... 
We went back last night after not going for 6 months.  Service was terrible. Not just for us..but all the surrounding tables.  I knocked it back to 3 stars for that.  The food, while decent, can be found at places who can appreciate our hard earned dollars.
This place was a lot of fun. It reminded me of partying in Cancun or some other touristy spot in Mexico. But, I guess that's their goal -- to bring the party north of the border from their original location in Ensenada. I had never heard of the original, but according to their web site they created the margarita. Who knew?

The Vegas location is right next to Burger Bar in Mandalay Place. It's a narrow but long restaurant filled with typical art and tchotchkes that you would associate with an 'authentic' Mexican restaurant. Like a latin American version of Friday's but not as over the top. While this place screams 'tourist trap' it was still rocking. With their roaming mariachi band belting out versions of Garth Brooks, Beyonce, and Sponge Bob songs and the shot girls looking ever so sexy and peddling shots straight from a bottle, it's hard not to have a good time.

Our group of ten had a reservation for Saturday night and were seated right away when we arrived. The pitchers of margaritas were good and strong and the food was much better than expected. The chips were excellent and tasted like they were made in-house. Everyone in our group loved the food -- the tacos, sopes, soup, nachos, and carne asada were great. The churros were served with dulce de leche ice cream and were very tasty.

Service was excellent as well. Our waiter (tall white guy w/ dark hair) was friendly and attentive. We didn't have to wait long for drinks or food,  water glasses were constantly being filled, and empty dishes were cleared quickly. For some reason some of the staff was wearing fake white mustaches. Not sure if this is part of their usual get-up but it added to the silliness of the place. Because nothing says 'authentic Mexican' like a hot girl bartender wearing a mustache.

It's a great place to throw back some drinks, eat some good Mexican food and party like you're south of the border.
Where do I even start? I was with a group of six and we all decided to try something new, so we walked over to Hussongs Cantina outside of Mandalay Bay. We were seated right away because well there was no one else eating there. This should have shot red flags in our heads right away. 

We were brought water right away, however we waited about 10-15 minutes to even have our drink orders taken. Our waiter took our order after about another 5-10 minutes. Another worker brought us chips and two kinds of salsa. The chips were actually very good. The salsas were more of a smokey paste. No one enjoyed the salsa, so we just ate the chips. I would like to add that all of us have grown up on authentic Mexican food and this was not it. 

Finally our food comes out. Three people ordered the nachos, One order enchiladas, another a burrito and I ordered a plate that included chicken, chorrizo, carrots and tortillas covered in queso. The queso was more of a solid that a liquid, it actually took me the whole meal to figure out that it was the queso. Not one person finished more than half of their meal, It was HORRIBLE. One girl took one bite and shoved her plate away. 

Now, I can forgive less than wonderful food if I have great service. The last time we had seen our waiter was when he took our order. He never checked on how our food was. Another one of my friends was missing part of her meal and never got it because no one ever came by. We saw the water lady 3 times as much as our own waiter. Let me remind you that NO ONE was in the place so it was not like he was very busy with tables. 

FINALLY, he swings by the table and we ask for the bill. Four of us paid in cash, we told him to split whatever was left on the bill after the cash on the two cards. He walks aways, comes back about a minute later and throws everything on the table and says "I don't understand, I don't know who's money goes with what" We didn't care if every person paid for specifically what they had, we just wanted out. So he goes through our tab with  us and splits it up specifically even though we told him to just use the cash then with the remainder of the bill, split it equally on the cards. He comes back with six bills. Clearly this was too hard for him. We paid and RAN out of there. 

THE WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER EATEN AND THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD. 

We would not even step foot in there the next night when they were giving out free shots, that says a lot.
The place was a lot of fun because I was with a group of girls and comped drinks kept on coming to our table.

The service and staff were amazingly friendly.  Although I wasn't there for the food, it wasn't too bad.  In fact, I don't remember much of what I ordered but it was only from the appetizer menu. 

The place does get really busy, so make sure you call for reservations.
Visited Hussongs Cantina this week for a "work lunch". Great location inside Mandalay Place. I liked the atmosphere inside and it wasn't very busy at the time I went so we got seated right away. The service was great and we got a large basket of chips with salsa quickly. They had a green and red sauce. I really liked the red sauce and didn't use the green.
For lunch I ordered the Enchiladas Suizas. It didn't take long before it was on the table. The portion size was good and the creamy tomatillo sauce was really good. The beans and rice were typical, nothing fancy. I look forward to visiting Hussongs Cantina again to try some other menu items and margaritas!
Without the fun mariachi band, this place would have gotten one star.

While we were seated right away, we didn't get a server for at least twenty minutes. Even tough we did get chips and salsa, we were waiting so long for service that we went through the chips and had to serve ourselves another basket. 

Once we finally flagged down a server, we got to order. The food took at least another twenty minutes to arrive. And three of us just got the quesadilla! 

Now, the food. When a quesadilla is on the menu for $8, it's typically enough for a meal. The quesadilla was one corn tortilla with some cheese and like three pieces of meat. It was so small that it made the price offensive -- and it wasn't even that good! 

To add to such a bad experience, three of the five people ended up with stomach aches. I would not recommend this place at all, especially given the fact that Burger Bar is next door and is about the same price.
Another restaurant with loads of fake "memorabilia" on the walls.

When I arrived, they walked me past a bunch of open tables to the table farthest in the back, right next to the constantly swinging kitchen door, and facing the table that was being used by the staff to fold napkins. If it were not for the fact that the busboy folding napkins had a great butt, I would have complained.

Later, when they found out that I am conducting one of the big shows in town, they offered to move me to a better table. I politely declined, (Too Late) but thought; "Ya mean if you'd thought that I wasn't your average customer, you would have given me a reasonable table?" Not good.

They advertise as "Not your standard gringo Mexican food place". But that's exactly what I found. The food was all very average. The tomatillo salsa that was served on my "Enchiladas Suizas" was the same that was served with the chips when I arrived. The chicken inside did not seem spiced or marinaded in any way. The tortillas were dull.

The margarita was good (made with fresh lime juice), but it was not "the original" margarita, as advertised. According to Hussong's history, the original was made with Damiana liqueur, which adds a slightly bitter, herbal flavor. Here, they substitute Cointreau, which is citrusy and very sweet - again, appealing to the average Gringo.

I've mentioned this before, but I'll bring it up again: Las Vegas is jam-packed with awesome Mexican restaurants - and most of them are dirt cheap. If you're gonna charge $16 for an enchilada, you'd better back it up with outstanding food; interesting drinks, and impeccable service.

I did not find any of those here.
I first started going to the original Hussong's in Ensenada in '73.  I was amused to see that they had opened a place at Mandalay, but my expectations were low, given Las Vegas's tendency to do recreations that are skin-deep at best.  Nonetheless, not having been to the real thing in a few years due to border violence, my wife and I decided to check it out.

As far as the decor and look of the place, they did about as good a job as can be expected.  It has a lot of the touches of the original...albeit with a lack of the grit and wear of years.

The service was pretty good...a young lady named Yolanda was attentive, and friendly, as was the hostess who seated us.  In fact, Yolanda recommended an excellent tequila (although it would be much better if they had a printed list from which to choose).

The food was another story.  (I've eaten in restaurants all over Mexico from resorts to baja joints to Mexico City).The salsas were pretty good, but everything else, the beans, rice, lobster tacos, and carne asada were  bland, and the presentation was weak.  Speaking of presentatioin, the "toreados" (jalapenos stuffed with cheese) were sitting on a plate with some mysteriouis brown liquid swishing around the bottom...not very appetizing for an appetizer.  also, the jalapenos should have been deveined and seeded better...as a result they were inedibly hot.

Based on our experience, it was a typical case of another Las Vegas restaurant that knows they don't have to rely on repeat business, because there's a new load of customers coming into town every day.
Overall a big disappointment, but I have to give credit to the designers who did a fairly credible job of recreating the look of Hussong's, and the wait staff who were friendlier than a lot of LV restaurant staff.

I seriously doubt we'll go back unless I hear that there have been dramatic changes in the food.
Was going to go to Burger Bar, but there was a wait so we decided to give Hussongs Cantina a try.

Long story short the service was okay, but the food was a disappointment. No particular flavor and too salty.

And a bit too noisy.
My server was very helpful, explaining the difference between the Original (fresh = sour) and the Traditional (mix = sweet) margaritas. The original was delicious. I was torn between ordering the avocado/shrimp salad or the lobster tacos, and my server recommended the salad as one of her favorites. I was surprised to see the entire avocado was deep fried with cooked shrimp inside. Unusual, but tasty. Served on a bed of lettuce with the whitest scallions I've ever seen, plus tomato and bacon bits.
Hussongs was a very welcome surprise for us.  We were walking to Mandalay from the Luxor.   Since I had been to Ensenada numerous times to the original Hussongs,  I talked my wife into stopping off for a  quick margarita.   We found the mariachis,  the chips and salsa,  and especially the margaritas to be authentic and great.   We ended up staying for over 4 hours,  joking and laughing with the wait staff.  The only thing missing was the car battery test from the original place in Ensenada.

We ordered tacos,  quesadillas, and  other than being a little too salty, everything was just like Ensenada.  .   the servers all paid attention to us and as to the little I remember,  the drinks were especially strong.    This was one of the highlights of our weekend in Vegas.    Since we don't visit South of the border because of all the crime,  whenever we need an Ensenada fix we will visit Vegas.
Wanted to go to Burger Bar but too long of a wait so went to Hussongs for lunch and had a completely different experience than my first visit. Service was POOR. It wasn't much busier than my first visit. The server mentioned their computers were having problems. During the time we were there I saw what looked like the manager helping take orders and another gentleman who was wearing street clothes start bringing guests chips/salsa. I was bummed. Took awhile to get our check and then wait longer for someone to run the card. After we left and were just a few feet away from the restaurant a gentleman asked us if we had just ate at Hussongs and how it was. We answered "it was OK but the service was slow". I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars. I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
2nd visit: Tried the lobster tacos.  Very cheesy. Hard to detect the lobster, although I did have a few large chunks.  The chips were warm, the guacamole tasty, margarita and service good.
What a way to start a visit to Vegas!  My sis and I chose Hussongs Cantina for lunch before our shopping marathon.  We needed good food and my Frankenfoot needed the margarita.  The have 2 showcased margarita's - their original is handmade from top to bottom so that's the one we opted for.  It was strong & delicious.

We both ordered the lobster tacos for lunch and started with an order of handmade guacamole.  The guacomole was good and their chips are thick - almost like pita chips crossed with flour tortilla chips.  But that made them nice and sturdy for the guac :)

The lobster tacos were a bit stingy with the lobster.  And they were those Langostino lobsters that are kind of like the midgets of the lobster world.  But the creamy Mexican cheese on top made the flavors delicious.  And we both ate our 2 tacos with smiles on our faces.  

We sat at a tall table in the bar and our bartender/waitresss, Cheri, was great.  Everyone was really friendly and the atmosphere was fun.  My only complaint (other than the stingy lobster) was that the hostess walked pretty fast for someone following her on crutches...  That didn't seem too cool.  But the marg's and food were just what the doctor ordered!  ;)
F A B U L O U S   M A R G A R I T A S ! ! !  

I brought a group of 15 executives to Hussongs Cantina for a few Margaritas and mexican food. I never expected such a fun and welcoming experience. The service was great! We were lucky enough to have tried just about every item on the menu. Every item we tried was tasty and captured the spirit of 'the real' food in Mexico. 

We started with guacamole and three salsas on the menu. 
It was obvious that the guacamole and salsas were freshly made and I was in heaven from the beginning of our gastronomical experience. We continued by having all the appetizers on the menu brought in as tasters. The one thing that was immediately noticeable was the freshness of the food - OMG the corn (Elote Plazero) and the tamales were my favorites. The taste of the corn on the cob was amazing - with Cotija cheese and spicy sauce still make my mouth water - I could not get enough!. The tamal captures the authenticity of the recipes from Mexico. I am South American so their food had me from the beginning to the end. We continued by having platters with the whole variety of the tacos they serve. My favorite were the Lobster Tacos -- All of the tacos had their own unique flavor since the sauces, peppers and salsas were different depending on which taco we were having. The Nachos were huge and loaded with all the goodies you can imagine. We finished with dessert plates which had a little of each dessert on the menu -- I have to confess, by then, I just couldn't eat one more bite -- However, everyone around the table were in heaven... 

We had so much fun! Our waitress was fabulous and made herself a part of our gathering as the perfect hostess. The place was jumping and music was playing ~ and our group of executives felt as if we were a friends house. Thank you Hussong's -- We will be back when in Las Vegas! Great Job...
We went recently with our son to try some Mexican.  The place is gorgeous and the tarnished silverware was very rustic.  Management should be ashamed of themselves for leave one poor guy to be battered by the crowds.  It was a Thursday during the summer at 2pm!  Being that I have worked on the Strip and still work in the business in this city I felt the gentleman's pain.  But the management was nowhere to be found.  That is poor and corporate, instead of sitting and eating management should have jumped and helped this poor fellow.  Tourist stories of Vegas go far even if people will come only once.  The food was great and enjoyable.  The quesadilla was great, using actual Mexican styled cheese for a change and my burrito was stuffed to the brim and topped with the amazing salsa given with the chips.  we didn't have any dessert or drinks cause we were with our 3 year-old, but the bar looks like a cool place to hang out.
Wife and I loved it! We started our Vegas wander killing time between shows that night and on our way through the Luxor and into Mandalay we stumble upon Hussongs Cantina right next to Burger Bar. We popped in for a quick drink at the bar. I have to say that we met one of the best bartenders we experienced in quite some time. Our drinks were simple but on point, a Stella and an Long Island. Our bartender invited us back later to show off a fun drink...we told him we would return.

After a quick round or two we were off to the next show. Immediately following the show we were right back at Hussongs to take our 'tender up on his drink idea. It was a concoction containing Captain Morgan's, Blue curacao, Malibu, Midori, Pineapple Juice and Sour Mix called..."Liquid Marijuana". We had never heard of it before but I know understand it's catching on. All I have to say is WOW, I want one right now that it crossed my mind. An instant hit! (no pun intended). Sip, sip, pass!!

We ordered a small plate of nachos to help float the alcohol down the right path and to curb any late night "munchies". The next morning or should I say morning to me, afternoon to you, we hit Hussongs again for some more grub. This time the 3 taco plate. 3 corn tortillas piled high with shredded chicken, chopped & cilantro and topped with a generous portion of guacamole...Yum to the 3rd power!

Lunchtime's drinks were not as great as the night before but I will blame the 'tenders for that I guess. The wife I believe went easy that day on the drink but I tip-toed towards something new..The Hussong's Red Eye. It's a mix of Tetcate Beer, homemade Bloody Mary mix served with a shot of Resposado Tequila on the side & garnished with Jerky & Celery. I know, wow and full meal in a glass right?? Well not really. The drink was so so and the waiter had to tell me (After I asked) that they were out of Jerky and Celery!? WTF! Oh Well...I was half hung over and wasn't gonna cry about it, but that part sucked..it sounded so good on paper.

Price was very reasonable I felt and wait staff was sometimes slow be super friendly. Night time bartenders rock and should retrain the day-trippers. Overall we obviously loved it if we made it back there multiple times in a 4 day stretch. Can't wait to hit them up again on our next trip to Sin City.
Had a great lunch here recently.  After the awful Cabo Wabo margs, we had to try again here.  Really good drinks - and at a reasonable price.  We went with their fresh lime juice version - nummy stuff.  Good balance of tart and sweet, and tequila flavor.  Had the grilled jalapeno appetizer - different, but liked it.  The worchestershire was a strange but tasty addition.  We both had tacos - carnitas was my favorite, followed by the beef cheek my husband ordered, then the steak.  Nothing bad in the selections.  And if you're craving your yearly portion of bone marrow tacos, yes, they have it.
This Place is the Biggest Bull Bleep I been to in Vegas.  The promo write ups talk about how this is the inventors of the margarita, Playboy, Urban Daddy and Seven.  The original margarita was made with Tequila, limes and Damiana.  Not only did they tell us that they didn't have Damiana but that it wasn't available in the state.  Funny I picked up a bottle at Lee's the next day.  Stay away from this place.  $10.- small house margaritas.
Beer's cold, problem is the 2 times I've been there so too has the service.  Sometimes you need a cheap Mexican food fix and this is the place for it.  This place is IN Mandalay Place..... I'd suggest spending the extra couple of bucks on food at Border Grill in Mandalay Bay for more upscale and flavorful Mexican cuisine.
Went here one night to grab a bite to eat in between jumping form casino to casino. Advertised that they had the best tacos, so being the taco fan that I am decided to check it out. 
Ordered a Margarita and some chips and salsa to start myself off. The margarita was made well with a generous pour and lots of fresh squeezed lime. Delicious! The chips also came with 3 different salsas which were quite good. While waiting for my food the bar tender kept telling me these random stories which I found to be hilarious, did a great job killing time before the food came out.
Then it was time for the good stuff, the tacos. I ordered one with cabeza, one with lengua, and one with goat. The first two were very good, very delicious, but I found the goat to be a little tough. The tacos were very good and bonus points for  having lengua and cabeza on the menu. 
Would go back in a heart beat
Hussongs was a very welcome surprise for us.   Since I had been to Ensenada numerous times to the original Hussongs,  I talked my wife into stopping off for a  quick margarita.   We found the mariachis,  the chips and salsa,  and especially the margaritas to be authentic and great.   We ended up staying for over 4 hours,  joking and laughing with the wait staff.  The only thing missing was the car battery test from the original place in Ensenada.

We ordered tacos,  quesadillas, and  other than being a little too salty, everything was just like Ensenada.  .   the servers all paid attention to us  ,  the drinks were especially strong.  Whenever we need an Ensenada fix we will visit Vegas.
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while, and it ended up beyond worth the wait! The atmosphere is great, all kinds of random/funny things on the walls and around the bar area. They have Mariachi's sometimes, girls with shot bandelos, and handful of flat panel tvs. The staff was very friendly and made us feel like we were regulars. The chips and salsa were on par with Lindo Michocahn's, and the Original Margarita could be the best I've had in Vegas. For food, I had the Beef Tongue (Lengua) Burrito with Green Sauce, and it was extremely delicious. It is a good size portion so I had the last 1/4th the next day reheated and it was still good! The lobster tacos will prolly be my next endeavor there.
I wish there was one on the East Coast! Every time I am in Vegas I have to stop in for the margaritas and tacos. They are both as authentic as it gets! The ambiance is great too... it reminds me of a Mexican saloon. The complimentary chips and salsas (you get a couple) are delicious. I have tried most of the appetizers, all of the salads, as well as the chicken and lobster tacos. So far - the nachos, fried avocado salad and lobster tacos are at the top of my list. If you are adventurous, I've heard the bone marrow dish is out of this world. The bartenders are great and make every margarita by hand to order... I mean squeezing the limes and all! It is certainly a must try next time you're in Sin City!
Finally, a fantastic restaurant in Las Vegas that doesn't cost a fortune.  I went to Hussongs with a bunch of my buddy's as we were just looking for an inexpensive start to a long night.  What we got was the best margaritas, good beer cheap, outstanding Mexican food and cute waitresses and bartenders.  Our intention was to start the evening there and move on to a club after a few drinks but ended up closing the joint down after many shots of tequila!

If you have ever been to the original in Ensenada and had as most do, an unforgettable experience, I can tell you that this place does the original justice.  With a motto of "More Tequila, Less Ice", it is tough to go wrong.
I'm knocking this place down to 3 stars. The food wasn't nearly as good this time around as my previous two visits. The base of the sope seemed thicker and chewier than before and the chicken and carnitas toppings were overcooked and dry. The lobster tacos were stuffed with lettuce, cotija cheese, sour cream and other stuff that I could barely taste any lobster. Less ingredients would have made this a much better dish. The chicken flautas were so bone dry and overcooked that they were pretty much inedible.

Overall, it was a real disappointment considering we enjoyed their food previously. The service was also a little spotty, but it seemed like there weren't enough waitresses for all of the tables. The food is overpriced, so if you go make sure you get a gift certificate from restaurant.com.
Got a recommendation from the bellhop that this was good, reasonably priced food. Having grown up in CA I guess my expectations were too high. The only good thing about the stale chips was that they were free. They didn't bring them out until after we had ordered and were finished with our first round of drinks and brought one basket for a table of nine. Salsa was decent, especially the verde. I ordered the dorado lobster tacos. Very little lobster which was under-seasoned. Beans were bland as was the rice and they wouldn't let me substitute soup or salad which was what I wanted anyway. Pretty average. Staff was friendly but distracted. They comped my friends meal without her having to ask when she found a hair in it. Service was friendly but distracted. They clearly need a dedicated bartender and not a waitress that has to bartend for all her tables. Did I mention they put salt on my mango margarita?
So my gf and I yelped a bunch of new spots to try this time around, and since this place was on restaurant.com we thought we'd definitely give it a shot. Oh well, they can't all be winners!

We ordered the nachos, fish tacos, and sopes. Everything LOOKED good, but didn't taste it. The fish tacos were the best thing between everything we ordered. The nachos and sopes were just bland. Prior to the food, they bring out chips and salsa. The chips weren't bad, but the salsa was straight marinara sauce. Borderline sweet! No bueno! 

The service was good, and the atmosphere isn't bad. All in all though, there are WAY too many good food spots in Vegas to ever want to come back here. I don't know HOW I missed Burger Bar next door, I saw it as we left Hussong's, I wanted to kill myself.
I had the best experience at Hussongs! I was in Vegas for Labor Day weekend with 3 of my friends and we headed to Hussong's before we went out on the town. We got a table almost immediately and had a great, chill server. The ambiance is great because everyone is just there to have a great time with great food, drinks, and service. We got nachos and tacos and OMG sooo good! Can't forget to mention the endless chips and salsa which come with two different and delicious salsas. The margaritas were delicious too, and everything is reasonably priced, especially for Vegas. Go to Hussongs if you want delish Mexican with a friendly and fun environment!
The hostess was very nice and invited us in to dine so we said OK lets try something new.  We went in sat down and started looking over the menu.  After a while we noticed that no one had checked on us and at least 2 songs had passed by.  I looked at my wife and we decided to play a game.  We put both our empty water glasses out for the server to see and we counted how many times someone would look at them before they came over to check on us.  Menus down and empty glasses out, servers glanced over our table 11 times before we decided to leave.  This place needs work.
I eat at Hussongs Cantina each time I travel to Las Vegas, and it keeps getting better and better. From the delicious margaritas with real lime juice ( no machines or blenders), to amazing fried artichoke salad and pork tacos. This place is a MUST when in Vegas. Prices are great for the amount of yummy food you get. The mariachi band is fantastic and plays all kinds of fun music. Great for parties, bachelorette/bachelor parties or just watching sports in the bar with all the tvs. If you want true, authentic mexican food, HUSSONGS Cantina is your go to place in Vegas. 
Cheers!
I get really tired of every restaurant on the strip having to charge $10 bucks for a drink. It's not that I am cheap by any means but I struggle paying $10.00 for a well Vodka bloody mary. That being said the food and the service are er solid.
Methinks this place is a complete rip off.  I read the reviews on Yelp and was excited to give this place a try on our recent trip to Vegas.  What an extremely disappointing experience.  We got there during happy hour and the margaritas were 2 for 1.  Cool......even better.  Well not so much.  First the place was not crowded in the least, however, it was taking forever for someone to take our order.  Finally we had to ASK to be served.  The margaritas come in a plastic cup with lots of ice and no lime!  Had to ASK for lime in the margarita.  Okay.....not off to a great start here.  It didn't get much better.  The margaritas sucked!  The worst we have ever had!  Not a bit of flavor, sure the alcohol level was close to zero.  The waitress comes around and we tell her these taste like crap.  She points to a jug of premade margaritas behind the bar and tells us this is what they serve during happy hour!  Really.........I say, well why don't you change your sign out front advertising 2 for 1 margartias during happy hour but beware..........they are premade and tast like crap.  The margaritas you get for $1 at some casinos in Vegas were 10 times better; which is not saying much at all!   The waitress left and asked if she could make it better by bringing us all a shot.  She comes back with 4 shots of tequilla that smelled as bad as it tasted.  I tried putting it in the margarita to give it some kick and or flavor.  Oh my........I couldn't even drink my watered down tastless margarita after that.  I don't know what the hell kind of tequilla that was but I am sure it is the happy hour special crap they try and pawn off on unexpecting customers.  Definately save your money and time and go to Margaritaville on the strip.  That place is the bomb.  Way better margaritas, service and atmosphere.  Plus the nachos are awesome!  We had Hussongs nachos, once again on the happy hour menu, and they sucked as well.  You get about 6 chips and a crap load of beans and cheese.  Hussongs definately does not have it going on.  This was the only disappointing experience during our trip and we visited lots of places on the strip.  Margaritaville rocks.  Give it a try and mark this place off your list of things to do in Vegas.
Any person that loves drinking margaritas MUST experience this place! *Tip - order the original first, experiment afterward (if your totally addicted to the original) The food is good not exceptional the margaritas are all world, the service was friendly and attentive.
This was excellent food and reasonably priced for being on the strip and at the casino mall area.  I ended up eating here twice since the food was so good.  The staff was also friendly, polite, and quick.

The chips were well made, light on the oil and moderate on the salt.  The salsa was thick with nice tomato flavor that was bright, rich, and crisp.

First time I enjoyed the fish tacos. The tortillas were soft and substantial enough to not fall apart on me during my meal.  The fish had a crisp breading with a moist interior that was evenly cooked.  The lettuce was fresh and the tomatoes juicy.  The guacamole was creamy and had a small hint of lemon for freshness.  The additional bonus is that you can order an extra taco or two if you are really hungry.

The second vist I went with a pork burrito "wet" style or covered with sauce.  The burrito was large and well filled.  The pork was tender and rich in flavor that was been roasted.  There was also a crisp crust on the pork that added another dimension to the flavor.  The brown mole was thick and rich with a complex smokey flavor that blended well with the pork and the cheeses.  The rice was soft and served as a nice counterpoint to the rich mole and juicy pork.

Side dishes of beans and rice were standard but didn't stand out in my mind.  However, you don't go there for side dishes.  Overall this was excellent food and I would happily return to eat here.  I would probably even travel to get to Mandalay to eat here.
Went for just a snack and a mexican food kick and was really surprised.  Came in and the 3 mariachis were playing Pink Floyd "Another Brick in the Wall".  So it was fun from the get go.  We had the carne asada sopes.  They were so good.  The masa was freshly fried and it was a hot tiny pillow of goodness.  I could pop these all day.  $8 for four tiny things.  They are about the size of cup cake liner.   I don't know about the rest of the food other than the chips and salsa. They get a 3.  But I would definitely go back for these.
After walking and rushing from one end of the strip all the way to Mandalay Bay just so we can get our Lion King tickets before the box office close, we were SO GLAD to have found this place. And a good thing we did because we got to try the Bone Marrow and it was SUPERB! 

It sounded weird at first but apparently the Bone Marrow were these large bone marrows served with sides of chimichurri salsa, onion-cilantro mix and corn tortillas. It was on the fatty side, but it was delicious and a cool experience. I ordered the Quesadilla while my friend ordered the tortas. We both thought the quessadilla and tortas were just OK while the bone marrow was something to rave about. I like the chips and salsa that we got when we sat down- spicy!
I was looking for something quick to eat for lunch and stumbled by this place between the Mandalay bay and luxor.  Food and service were ok. A good place if you're looking for something to eat and get in and out.
what does HUSSONG have to do with a Cantina?
I LIKE the music they play here, a little funky vibe! the service was great and the tortilla soup was g oo d! the tacos, umm not the best in town like they boasted, but not bad. any place calling themselves a cantina, should serve complimentary chips & salsa, thats all im saying!
Not the greatest Mexican food.   Definitely overpriced for the quality of food served.    I ordered the "enchiladas" and I didn't think they were very good.  They seemed to be a bit tough when I tried to cut in half.  I didn't really think you could screw up rice and beans...you can actually screw up rice and beans.  

I'm sure you can find cheaper and inexpensive Mexican food off of the strip.
I've been here about three times. Some things are good, some things suck. For example, this place claims to be the Home of the Original Margarita (apparently created in 1941).  Just goes to show that time can improve upon almost anything... because their margaritas suck!  They are super sour and not much tequila.  I also hate mai tais from Trader Vics.  Original does not mean good, people!

But the food here is actually pretty unique if you are adventurous.  It is high quality food and the price reflects that (e.g. $4 per taco, which are small street tacos).  

You can get bone marrow tacos (which I actually would not recommend), beef cheek tacos (which I do recommend if you like gamey flavors) and tongue tacos (gotta try everything at least once - and not too bad!).  Just keep in mind, the portion sizes are seriously small and they charge extra for things you normally wouldn't expect, like getting diced tomatoes and lettuce on your tacos.  I mean seriously, 50 cents for lettuce on my tacos!?! That better be some seriously good, mind-blowing lettuce.

Just make sure to ask a lot of questions about portion size and presentation before ordering so you aren't surprised or disappointed.  For example, as other reviewers have said, the nachos are basically individual chips with the nacho toppings expertly placed on them.  Not the typical huge plate of tortilla chips covered in toppings that we normally associate with bar food.

One thing that is great about this place is the mariachi band.  They are hilarious!  One of them has a harp!  They play a great variety of songs and occasionally call for audience participation, which can score you free drinks.  My friend and I were the loudest at yelling "TEQUILA!" during the Tequila song which scored us free tequila shots.

Also, the chips and salsa are free and are both pretty good! Despite the fact that the chips come out of what appears to be a popcorn machine.

Keep an open mind, stay away from the margaritas, be prepared to shell out a bit more than you normally would, and make sure you come here when the mariachi band is playing (call ahead).  Then you will have a good time!
If you are looking for real Mexican food and good service.....THIS IS NOT THE PLACE!

I'll start with the chips and salsa. Chips were pretty good, salsa was NOT. It reminded me of canned sauce. In fact, we asked the waitress about the salsa and found out that it also doubled as the enchilada sauce as well as the sauce they put on the wet burritos. Not much effort going on in the kitchen.

We ordered several apps and all 3 of us ordered an entree. I was going to order the tacos, but they were $4 ea for meat only and $0.45 for each addtl topping, so you could easily spend $6 per taco.....and you had to order 4 to get beans and rice....so, for 4 tacos it would cost you about $24.....yikes. The tacos were served on the mini corn tortillas that are about 3" in diameter. 
 
Our waitress was not very good at her job. The bus boy should've actually been the waiter. She was not very attentive. In fact, we were fortunate enough to have a coupon for a free taco, so we tried one each. When we got the bill, they charged us for the tacos.....

If you are looking for good food, go somewhere else. You can get better Mexican food at taco bell.
The wife & I had great time. Host was pleasant very caring. Chips to die for super.  Wife had nachos I had the special taco & a beer.
Great staff and food. Margarita is superb.
I don't understand wbarhy this place is not busier, great food, decent prices and really good service. They even had mariachi that was singing 80's and 90's music that was really good. I wish I remembered the waitresses name because she was great. The torilla soup rocked and the corn on the cob was unreal.
Since my review I have been in contact with the management of Hussong's and have been reimbursed for my visit.  They indicate there has been re-training of the staff and are hopeful this will make a difference.  I am pleased they listened and were willing to make it right.
I had the carnitas quesadilla and could not believe how small it was. The carnitas didn't have much flavor either.  

The bartenders also didn't know how to make a couple simple shots we requested so we ended up with a jager and cranberry concoction.
Very good. Fast, reasonable, in a good location.

We had Cesare salad and the Hussong ribeye. Very well seasoned, cooked to our request (medium) and sides were very tasty.

If you are in for a bar meal to get away...this is a very friendly spot to enjoy.
Food is great, but the service is terrible. Waiter tried to upsell us during happy hour and was very cool to us as we weren't drinking as much as the couple across from us. Save yourself a trip and go  to tacos and tequila instead.
Wow...the Steak Burrito was to die for!  I got it mojado style with both the red and green sauce and I literally cleaned my plate.  Soooo delicious!
A little pricey, $15 for a burrito, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a Las Vegas casino.  By looking at their menu, seems like they have something for everyone, they even had bone marrow as a "meat" option for your burrito or tacos.  
Two thumbs up!
I will start by saying that since I'm half Mexican I'm notoriously hard on Mexican food places.

We visited Hussong's because we needed to get a quick bite before The Lion King.  Our first choice, The Burger Bar, had a wait so we decided  to go next door to Hussongs.

I found it to be extremely overpriced.  I understand it's on the Strip but I can see paying almost $20 for a rice and beans dish.

We decided to get appetizers.  My daughter ordered the chicken quesadillas and said they were good but greasy.  I ordered the taquitos and got three very small tacos.  The tortillas were small than El Pastor sized tortillas.  The tacquitos were good but nothing to be excited about.  My friend ordered the Queso Fundido with chorizo.  I get that chorizo is a very greasy sausage but she literally spooned a couple of tablespoons of grease out of the bowl before being able to eat it.  Draining the chorizo wouldn't have affected the taste of the dish at all.

Service was quick and friendly but all in all it was pretty unimpressive.  I'll stay off the Strip and stick to El Sombrero or something similar
Valentines 2/14/11

Bopped in here for a quick margarita tonight before we left the strip. I have only had a full meal here once but the burrito I had was $15 and worth every penny. The burrito was double the size of a Chipotle style and even more tasty. Margaritas are decent price for being apart of the Mandalay Bay chain as well as the authentic tacos. 

Mostly a noisy bar atmosphere but well decorated with a great friendly staff.

Good place to catch a quick drink of a meal before heading out on the strip.
The BF & I ate here before we went to HOB for a show(Passion PIT!!!) It's a fun enviroment, they even have a lil mariachi band. The BF has some open-face quesadilla with veggies only and I had the shrimp taocs. They weren't anything exciting and I've had better...They do sell tall cans of Tecate which we both liked. I think that this appeals more to tourists rather than locals.
I have spent a lot of time at Hussongs Las Vegas in the last year and wanted to make sure everyone was aware of this "gem" at Mandalay Place. I know the name from the famous location in Ensenada, Mexico so I wanted to see if it was the same. Although there are slight differences like cleanliness and they serve food unlike Mexico, the atmosphere and good times abound! The "Banda" is awesome and makes it for a good time during the night, the bar serves great drink specials. My favorite food items are the Nacho's and Baja Tacos... Keep an eye out on FB for specials - thats how I stay updated with them. Dont forget the "Shocker"!
Great happy hour place with a friendly staff and live music.  The salsa was pretty decent  (remember this is a Texas girl reviewing) and the nachos were fully customizable.  Drinks were served cold and quickly.
Had lunch there after a morning of classes at my conference.    Hubby and I ordered fish tacos.  We liked them, but they were nothing we haven't had done just as well elsewhere.  We had discount cards, offered through my conference, for a free margarita or a free taco.  I got the free margarita, which I really enjoyed (free is good!).  Hubby decided to have the free carnitas taco.  This was a joke!  It was free, so we can't complain much, but it was so tiny.  We had a good laugh over it; I definitely got the better deal with the margarita!  

Service was subpar.  We had to ask a few times for our chips and salsa, and my husband never received the drink he asked for.  Speaking of the chips and salsa, the red salsa tasted like marinara... not spicy at all. 

Spendy for what you're getting, but they're taking advantage of being in a prime location -- Mandalay Place.  During our stay, we also ate at T&T, which is not far from Hussongs, in Luxor.  I'd recommend T&T over Hussongs.
Decided to stop by Hussong's Catina before a show at the House of Blues. I LOVE Mexican and I'm usually pretty easy to please. The food was maybe a 6 out of 10. The waitress was friendly but borderline too friendly if you're pickin' up what I'm puttin' down. I bumped up the rating by one star because of the a-mazing slash terrible white guy mariachi band with a harp player. The location is convenient if you don't want to leave Mandalay Bay.
I am a big fan of Hussong's - and for one reason: the nachos. The nachos here are some of the best I have ever had. There are several options to choose from, and every time they do them just right. Great chips, great toppings, and just the right amount of toppings. And considering the size of the portion (and the quality of the toppings), the price isn't all that bad. Other menu items are ok, but it is the nachos that keep me coming back.

Now, praise of the nachos aside, I don't care for their margaritas, the service can be spotty, and it can be too loud and obnoxious for me at peak times. But if you come in before the dinner rush, sit at the bar, and order the nachos, it can be just right.
I ordered the Chicken Fajitas which were average.  The food is nothing special and the service is very slow.
This place was slightly below average for me.  I went here for dinner with some friends while staying at Mandalay Bay.  The dinner itself took a long time- our food seemed to take forever to cook and they brought out the wrong order for one of my friends.  If you order the quesadilla, beware the it will arrive looking like a pizza with some chunks sprinkled on top.  The restaurant was loud, mainly because of the trio of singers/musicians loudly serenading the patrons in Spanish for tips.  Unfortunately they came to our table just as our food arrived and probably breathed all over it, delaying our meal even further.  This place is convenient and the food is decent, but don't go for the ambience.
Sat at the bar for a quick lunch before heading out to the airport.  The bartender was okay but he was trying to act cool making it very hard to understand a word that came out of his mouth!  We ordered the enchiladas and vegetarian tres tacos.  The food was mediocre and definitely not worth the price.  The filling for the vegetarian tacos was blah - potatoes, a few carrot pieces and a mushroom?  Really?  No red/green peppers, no onions, nothing remotely Mexican?  The beans are not vegetarian by the way - make sure to ask!

My boyfriend liked his margarita but I did not.  Overall a disappointment.
Great margaritas!! We were there right at open (11am) trying to cure our hangovers. The hostess had a separate print out menu for vegetarian options which made is super easy. I'm the type of person who has trouble making decisions, luckily the bartender (super hot tattooed girl) was great at making decisions for me. She guided me towards the classic margarita (soooo delicious!) and the enchiladas. The beans and rice are not vegetarian, but they accidentally ended up on my plate so she got me this white rice, which was alright, but the enchiladas were really good. It took a few minutes for them to correct the wrong beans and rice, which meant they actually remade the plate, yes! Their chips are thick and the red salsa has a bit of a kick, salsa verde was good too. Overall great service, we stopped in for another margarita before we headed to the airport, they are just so good! The bartender was very friendly, we will definitely be stopping in on our next trip to vegas!
I attended a private party here and had a great time!!!  So this review has nothing to do with me attending here as a customer, sitting at a table and ordering off of a menu.

When I first walked in there was a Taco Cart...nice!!!  There was a choice of pastor, chicken or steak.  I got two steak tacos to start.  The steak tacos were really good.  I also heard people raving about the pastor but I am not a big pastor fan.

I also went to the bar and asked for a Margarita.  I also told that bartender that I did not like the mix and I was able to get mine made with fresh squeezed lime.  That makes me and my stomach happy!  The staff was very fast getting drinks even thought the place was packed from wall to wall.

I went in back to check out the buffet and picked up a taste of everything.  The food was really good and it had been sitting for a while in the heating trays.  I would love to come back here and order off of the menu one day!

My favorite part of the whole night was the Mariachi Band...these three guys were the Mexican Version of the Three Stooges.  They were so funny and they played every and all requests.  Our whole group was laughing so hard.  I asked for some Pink Floyd and they started playing Brick in the Wall.  I kept thinking...what have I done but the room loved it.  These guys were so much fun.  I asked at the front and they told me that these guys play on the weekend.  I really want to come back and listen to these guys again!!!

There was also a cardboard cut out of the Dos Equis Guy...if you angled the camera correctly it kind of looked like he was real.  In fact, a few people of facebook thought he was real and were surprised when I told them he was really cardboard.

We all had a good time...I wish I could have stayed longer but I had to get up early for work the next morning.  I hate when work gets in the way of free food and drinks in Vegas!!!
HUSSONG'S CANTINA
This place is home to some of the largest burritos known to man. At a whopping $15 per burrito, it sure comes packing! We ordered our burrito with steak, chicken, and carnitas, and topped it off with red/spicy and green sauce. In addition, we ordered a large carnitas-topped nachos supreme for half-off, due to Happy Hour. For our first meal in Las Vegas, it was enough for the two of us, as each entree was gargantuan! Not a bad start to Vegas!
We stopped in to Hussong's for a quick bite to eat before heading over to New York New York to see Zumanity. We were seated quickly, and had chips, salsa (two kinds, a red and a green), and water brought to our table right away, which was nice.

The food, honestly, was alright, but the lobster tacos were what really drew us in, and they were a disappointment. The shells were deep fried, which really overpowered any flavor of lobster...or anything else in the taco. I ended up scraping everything out of the shell, and that was marginally better, but still. Sad. The steak quesadilla, on the other hand, was really good - it was served "open face" instead of folded over like a normal quesadilla, so it looked more like a pizza, but hey, whatever. It was tasty. I liked that the sour cream was drizzled over the quesadilla instead of served on the side, and even though the quesadilla apparently no longer comes with guacamole, our server brought me a side order of guac anyway with no additional charge.

The salsas were interesting - the texture of the red one reminded me of marinara sauce, but it was actually really tasty and slightly spicy. I tried the green salsa, which was the one my husband preferred, but it didn't have the same heat as the red, so I ignored it after the first couple of bites.

Our drinks (a Mexican mojito and a Mango Margarita) were really good - a little bit pricey, but overall tasty and a decent deal for Vegas. Service was fast, if not overly friendly, and the Mariachi band was cool. They played everything from Pink Floyd to the traditional Mariachi music, and we enjoyed listening to them. We also enjoyed looking at all of the decor around the restaurant, as there was a LOT to look at. I'm regretting we didn't get a photo with the cardboard cutout Dos Equis guy!

Overall, I probably wouldn't be back in, as there are PLENTY of places in Vegas to eat, but it was still an alright meal.
Great on all accounts, food, service and ambience!  They nailed the jalapeno app and the baja tacos were awesome.  The lobster was my favorite.  I drank a herrdura reposado marg, the bartender was the bomb.  I seriously cant wait to get back up there and do it again.  Thanks Hussongs! Great Job!!!
Decent, good for pre-game or pre-activity drinking, but not if you are looking for authentic Mexican food
I had such high hopes for this place but it was not good at all.  This is the only time that I have left my table at a restaurant to go to the bar to get a refill on my soda.  The bartender shot our server some nasty looks but he apparently didn't care.  We ordered two sets of nachos, one chicken and one beef, and they were comparable to what one would have at Taco Bell.   Pass.
Steak Nachos is the BOMB!! with their Mariachi Band playing "Black and Yellow" upon request by me! =P

We went here after watching a concert at House of Blues. The place was kinda dead for a UFC fight night on a saturday, but the nachos was to die for. I was in NACHO heaven , seriously, made me wanna slap my momma silly!!  =P (i love you mom).. 

Really, just try it out and have some fun with the Korean bartender, who told me likes korean food.. go figure , he's only korean right lol!!

oh and btw, the mariachi band will and can play anything you ask them to, they even did "gangsters paradise" for me .. ofcourse, you have to tip them for the entertainment, and so I did with my twenty dollaz!!! made me holla!
Gosh, this place sucks.   Service was crappy.  Takes forever to eat.  Also, the chips were really thick and the salsa tasted like spaghetti sauce.  Far far far from the best mexican food I've ever had.  Felt like a rip off.
The shrimp tacos were really good here. The fried fish taco, not so much. First off the chips and salsa here are pretty good.  The chips come out nice warm and salty.  The salsa has a nice spice.  The waitress was nice enough to let me order a half plate of fried shrimp tacos and fried fish taco.  I wish i got just the fried shrmp. The fish was pretty dry and flavorless, it was small and i could barely get through it.

Price isn't too bad sort of a decent cheap place to grab a meal.

One wierd thing that happened was my coworker forgot something behind and we called to check if they were in possesion of it, they put hm on hold for like 10 minutes and then just hung up on him.
Great food Great Song
Nachos are so bomb! I ordered it without sour cream & added chicken. Ingredients tasted so fresh & I'm going back for more.
This place is awesome. The corn is amazing. The nachos are great and the margaritas are the best I've ever had. Staff was friendly and the service was great.
Got food poisoning from here. Won't happen again.

I got a quick and concerning response from Hussong's shortly after I posted this. They are looking into the situation and will be contacting me. First time a company doesn't try and brush it under the table. That makes things a little better.

Everyone else in my party enjoyed their meal, so I guess I'll change my rating.
The service was friendly and efficient, but the food was just ok.  For all of the dining choices in Vegas, I would not run back to this place!  There are other Mexican restaurants with better food and atmosphere.
Just ate here. The lengua tacos are waaaaay over cooked. They were mush on the plate full of grease. 

The chicken enchiladas are very dry and soaked with their green sauce which kills the dish. 

I don't recommend coming here if you want Mexican. Food.
Delicious food, great drinks, friendly service.  A little pricey, but what restaurant on the strip isn't? Would be better if it were not located essentially in a mall, but still good.

Their skinny margarita is probably the best I've had anywhere.
This is a review of the bar only. 

The margaritas are good, handmade with fresh lime juice, which I like. My husband and I are not fans of the syrupy store bought mix margaritas. The only downside is the price, the margaritas are good, but they are not that good! I love a bar that serves up great drinks, but when they price gouge, it's kind of buzz kill!
We were in Las Vegas for a week and ate at Hussong's Cantina one night for dinner.  The yelp reviews were on the OK side, and since we were craving Mexican food we decided to go there because it was within walking distance to our hotel.

The GOOD- The only good thing about this place is the location- right in the middle of the Shops at Mandalay Bay.

The OK- I ordered the chicken enchilada suizas.  They were ok.  Nothing special, and I've definitely had better.  My boyfriend ordered the Cuatro tacos with carnitas and carne asada. He didn't like them at all! They were dry and the meat did not taste good.  Neither of us finished our meals, I think I ate one enchilada and he ate 2 of his 4 tacos. The chips and salsa they give you is not that good either.  We were starving so we ate some of the chips they gave us, but overall the food was not that good.  The service was ok, but I did have to ask a few times to get a straw.

The BAD- The mariachi music was so LOUD!  My boyfriend and I were sitting right across the table from each other and had to yell to even hear what the other person was saying.  Also, $60 for a pitcher of margaritas, and $18 for one margarita!!!  That is INSANE to charge that much!  I get it's Las Vegas and everything there is expensive, but c'mon, that is absolutely ridiculous!  

Overall, when we are in Vegas again next year, we will be seeking Mexican food elsewhere at other establishments...
Service is bad here. Food does not come all at once. Be prepared to eat in shifts. Food is average. Burger place next door is better.
Be sure to check in three times to get the free Corn (Plazerro?). I didn't know it was possible to make corn on the cob that delicious. 

$13 was a great deal for the "Bulldog" margarita on Thursdays. Perfect way to start the evening. It gets you half way there.

For lunch, I had a Chimichanga. It was one of the best I've had, and I'm from California, so I'm used to very good Mexican food. 

The staff was very friendly, and the service was well above average. Nice addition to Mandalay Bay.
Really great tequila selection and they make margaritas the right way - no sweet & sour mix!    Natalie behind the bar was awesome - friendly, knows her tequila and gave good food recommendations.    

El Pepino margarita is great if you like it spicy!
Came here for dinner and ordered the Enchiladas Plazeras, the entrees took awhile to come out, but they were pretty tasty.  My entrée was large; I could not even finish the whole thing.   Three loaded enchiladas with chicken and cheese, topped with lettuce, sour cream, chorizo, tomatoes, chicken, and potatoes.  The enchiladas were good, but they seemed a little dry to me.  It would have tasted better topped with some guacamole.  The chips and salsa are very good, I loved the green salsa!  The red spicy salsa also wasn't bad, but the green salsa was amazing!  My friend ordered the street tacos which he said were delicious.  The flautas are also very good.  This is definitely a bar atmosphere, the seating is not that comfy and there aren't a whole lot of tables.  They also don't have a restroom inside the restaurant; you have to walk down the hall to the public restroom.  Not a bad place to satisfy you hunger cravings, or if you need a cure to a hangover.  Mexican food will always hit the spot!
Bubble was busted when I ordered a "blended" strawberry margarita only to be told they only serve drinks on the rocks!
Good food and decent service.
One of our favorite Mexican places on the Strip!  The funny thing is that you would think it's a Chinese restaurant based on the name.  We asked our server the story behind the name and she gladly shared it with us.  

Cool vibe, friendly staff, chill atmosphere.

Try the Sopas, Tortilla Soup (although it's better at Border Grill), Street Tacos, and OH YEAH, the Fried Ice Cream!!

We are regulars here!!
This is by far the worse Mexican place I've ever been to!!! Other people who say this place is good have obviously never been to a real Mexican restaurant. The food is very Americanized and not authentic at all. The portions are super small for the price. Come on, $17 for 4 little tacos?!?!? I've had better tacos at Del Taco. I came here for a friends birthday, but I will never ever come here again. And for some reason, the cashier messed up and ended up charging $283 on my card when our bill was only $40. STAY AWAY!!!!!!
A fun palce inside the Mandalay for beers and happy hour.  They have really tasty happy hour food (tacos, chips and guac, etc.) so be sure to check them out.  Also they feature a Yelp Check-In offer after the 3rd check in.
This place was awful! Food was horrible! The only thing good were the drinks, which we had to order to get the taste out of our mouths! Go to Tacos and Tequila if you want some Mexican Food.
We went to Hussong's for a late lunch before a college basketball game earlier this year. I was curious about it when a friend had mentioned they had been to the other location in Ensenada. This could easily be my favorite place in Vegas for Mexican food and margaritas! The chips and salsa could have been a meal alone, they were so yummy. The service was excellent, as were my fish and veggie tacos. It is definitely Baja style food but at Vegas prices, which didn't surprise me because it's located in the Mandalay Bay shops. I will definitely be back here!
First off we had the cheviche it was fresh and light a great starter. The quatro tacos are really good we got fish, shrimp, carnitas, and carne asada tacos they were all really great, and to top it all off we had the chiros wowowowow they are a great ending to a night beside one of there amazing perfectly tasting Margarita's. They staff was absolutely wonderful!!! GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, AND YOU CANT BEAT THE PRICE!!!
Good nachos, solid salsa, good happy hour margarita (I think they call it "the original")... Dos Equis 2 for 1s...

Attentive service, but confusing as hell on the billing. Nachos were a happy hour special, they asked what meat we wanted so we said chicken  but on the side, since one of us was vegetarian. Little did we know, that would cost us $2 extra. Not a biggie, but still. Seriously? That shouldn't be a surprise to your guest when they unexpectedly actually look at the bill you probably don't want them to look at. The Dos Equis were more than expected because apparently the "special" at the bar did not apply during happy hour. What the hell!? Still cheaper than they would've been regularly, but that's sort of weird...

They were cool about it though, and we'd go back.
My mother's family lives near the original Hussong's in Ensenada in Baja, and I've enjoyed a few (um, crazy) nights back in the day there.

Hussong's Las Vegas is quite different. They have a decent-size menu, and friendly staff and management. 

Went there with the honey, and ordered a pitcher of original margaritas. They said they don't use pre-made margarita mix, which I find too sweet. The margaritas were sweet-made with agave nectar, but not over the top.

Chips and salsa were good, and the salsas they serve have a good flavor and decent heat. I asked if they have a HOTHOT salsa, and the waiter brought out a salsa made with habanero and goodness know what else. After one taste, I couldn't feel my mouth for a good five minutes. If I was drooling, I wouldn't have felt it.

We had a queso fundido appetizer with chimichurri. We added the chorizo to the dish, and it came with warm corn tortillas. Let me tell you, it was fantastic. The dish is small, but packed with flavor. Melted cheesy, meaty goodness, and we couldn't get enough.

The boyfriend got the enchiladas plazeras at the waiter's recommendation. The plate looked like a mess, with potatoes, carrots and sauce on top that made it look like some sort of stew dish. The stew concoction on top was pretty good, but the enchiladas underneath all of that didn't have very much flavor.

I got the fish tacos, and for fish tacos, they were quite tasty. Generous fish, lots of cabbage slaw and sauce. 

The portions on the entrees were generous, and we left stuffed and satisfied.

We'll be going back to try another dish in the future, and to see the rock and roll mariachi band...which from what I hear, plays everything from rap to Black Sabbath. Coming from a mariachi-player family, I've GOT to see that....
So taking our girls, ages 1 and 8 on a quick business-trip from OC to Las Vegas actually was a great 3-day trip.  On the last night we needed to get away from the strip and 104 degree temps.  We dropped the rental car off early at the airport (ok not even close to the airport but that is another Yelp review for later) and headed to Mandalay Place for dinner.  The valet guys recommended the Burger Bar but we needed a margarita or 2 so Hussong's was calling our name!

Having our girls with us, Hussong's was a great choice.  The mariacchi guys came over to play "its a small world" for our little Kelly and the experience was off to a good start.  The kids menu was great.  For adults we ordered the chicken street tacos and the beef quesadilla.  Both were excellent.  The service was pleasant but not over-bearing and the margaritas were amazing.  For a resort-area, the tab was reasonable enough.  I think we will be back!   Hopefully the mariachi guys will be there!!
Stopped in at Hussong's for lunch while staying at Mandalay Bay recently. The decor here definitely has a SoCal feel... stickers for KROQ, The Misfits and The Ramones adorn the wall behind the bar. There is also a pretty large selection of tequila along the back of the bar, telling me that some partying definitely goes on in this place.

All of this made me curious enough to Google Hussong's, which is when I learned that this is their only cantina in the U.S. (the original is located in Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico).

I ordered the four street taco platter, two chicken and two beef, all served on corn tortillas and topped with sour cream, cheese, pico and sliced jalapenos (each topping runs 50 cents extra). The chicken tacos were excellent - probably some of the best I have ever had. The beef tacos were okay - the meat was a little tough, but not too bad.

Service here was great - the bartender immediately welcomed me when I sat down and made me a great bloody mary to start with until my food was ready. She also checked back with me several times to ensure everything tasted okay and asked if I needed anything else.

While I was eating lunch, I noticed on their "specials" menu that they serve Chilaquiles for breakfast, something that my brother-in-law got me hooked on that I wish now I would have ordered (I don't find this dish on too many menus).

Overall, the atmosphere here was laid back during the lunch hour, but I get the sense that this place gets very popular later at night. I will definitely be back to visit this place again on my next visit to Vegas.
Fun bartenders who made us laugh! gREaT corn on the cob, but wait staff can be slow and there is always a problem with the check.....
We stopped in for a quick bite before a concert at the Mandalay Bay Beach on a Saturday night.
I had eaten here before when they first opened, I remembered it was average but we were willing to give it another try.
There was a mariachi band playing and a football game on the tv at the same time, we couldn't hear ourselves think.
The hostess seemed like we were bothering her when she realized we wanted a seat. Staff seemed a bit disoriented. Our waitress was great though, attentive and pleasant, I believe her name was Jessica.
They serve free chips and salsa, chips needed salt, the salsas' were gross.
We decided to split a steak burrito with cheese sauce...it was so bland. No spice at all, not much flavor going on. It was edible, but should only be served in an old age home.(no offense to the elderly)
Oh and my husband ordered a Dos Equis draft, it was flat.
We will never go back.
Food was terrible my order was way wrong,  service was terrible & it took forever to get our food! Will not go back and do not recommend
Skipped the Irish Pub to try out this Cantina.. totally glad I did.  Maybe it was the random rowdy group that stumbled in from Dick's... but I think it was the the Mariachi Band that was awesome as they put an ethnic spin on Bar Classic Jams (Neil Diamond to Pink Floyd?!).  They definitely got the whole place singing and literally stopped the passerby's from walking by and sucked 'em into a spot at the bar to join in on the fun.  

Have the sopes to start and a pitcher or two of Margaritas!
We had a great experience at Hussong's! Not only was the food fantastic, but the hospitality by the owners was awesome. My husband and I ate there twice during our trip to Vegas because we liked the food so much.
Great food without the typical Americanized flavors. Service was very good and at times it felt that we had 10 servers checking in on us. Been there twice already!
The 48oz margaritas are to die for!  I bought the take home goblet and came back for refills a few times with some friends.  They were strong but mixed well so they were delicious!  The food was great and not too expensive but the atmosphere is the best part.  The bartenders and servers are exceptional and are genuinely friendly.
Fun atmosphere, and decent margaritas. If you plan on going order a cheese dip and drinks only. Skip the food and just have a couple drinks along with chips and salsa. Trust me, you will be glad you listened! Food is very bland and very expensive.
The food and service was surprisingly good. 

The tacos carnitas were delicious-- loved the pineapple relish.
Hands down the nastiest nachos and guacamole dip I have ever had. What the hell is cheese sauce? $12 margaritas were weak. If we walked another 500 feet we would have found T&T in the Luxor.
Great food without the typical Americanized flavors. Service was very good and at times it felt that we had 10 servers checking in on us. Been there twice already!
Stopped here with two of my buddies to eat dinner. Before getting ready for a night on the strip. We were pretty hungry. This place is ok. Nothing amazing. Beer and food was all we needed to refuel for a long night. And that we got.

I ordered a chicken chimichanga. Came with beans and rice. The usual stuff. Buddies ordered some beef tacos, and nachos. Had a few rounds of beers. Also they were debuting some new tequila that night. So we got complimentary shots. Free is always good. Prices were ok. A little overpriced but thats expected. The atmosphere is pretty cool. They had a live band playing Spanish music that night. Not too loud, as others have stated. It's not a rowdy get your ass kicked kinda place. At least I didn't feel it was. But id come back if I was craving Mexican food in Vegas.
An authentic Mexican Restaurant created from a German Guy is direct translation of Hussong's.  Love mariachi three piece band. Love the Sombreros on the Deers on the wall. Love that you have to leave the restaurant for the bathroom.  Its just like back to the future.

Next time I would like to request De Colores, por favor.  
Perfect for large table parties but good for tables of two, too.

Just make sure you get lemon or limes in the water. Just sayin...
I wanted to like this place. Really I did. We were here for a week and hoped this place was good enough to eat here twice. I had a Vegas Insider card with a special deal, 2 for 1 margaritas and a free appetizer with 2 entrees. Also had a gift certificate from restaurant.com but did not got a chance to use it during this visit.

At first I thought they made a mistake, but they indeed honored the card. We got the 2 for 1 margaritas and they knocked the price of an appetizer off of the bill. They were pushing a steak dinner special, maybe we should have spent a few more bucks for that. We decided on tacos instead. I had the steak tacos, my wife had the chicken tacos. Hers were greasy. Mine were dry. They weren't very good that day. Each taco dish also came with a small cup of beans and rice that were just ok.

They do give you free chips and 2 cups of salsa to start off but the mild salsa that was so mild we could barely taste it (looked kinda like balsamic vinegar) and the hot salsa was HOT but had the consistency of watered down ketchup. It was not salsa, it was hot sauce. We got a side of guacamole as our free appetizer. The guacamole was good and fresh, with chunks of avocado. So good we put it on our tacos.

The margaritas were good and strong. They were served in a 12 oz beer glass filled with ice. The Mariachi Band wasn't playing when we were here, but I hear they are just too loud, so we were just fine with the music playing through the sound system. Service was good. The hostess seated us right away and everything came out pretty quick. Our server was friendly and attentive. 

If you are looking for a place in Mandalay Place to enjoy a drink or two, they make a really good margarita. We just weren't impressed with the food. Will probably go back but will definitely try something else if we do.
I was pleasantly surprised by how good my meal was. I ordered the chicken chimichanga which came with the choice of red, green or cheese sauce. Our waiter suggested I order all three. Great choice!  It was delicious!  My husband loved it too! It was pretty large, so after filling up on chips and salsa, he gladly finished the other half of the chimichanga I couldn't eat.

The salsa they brought out with the chips was deceivingly delicious. It looked almost like ketchup. Smooth, not the chunky tomato salsa I'm used to. But the flavor was amazing. I loved it. I could've eaten it by itself with a spoon.

I'm going to have to remember this place the next time I am in Vegas!
This place is the real deal.  Authentic, good and reasonably priced for Vegas.  My chicken tacos were first rate, made with homemade corn tortillas and the guacamole was amazing.  I know my Southwestern and Mexican cuisine and this was definitely authentic Baja food.
This place had the perfect happy hour for a trio of budget travelers.  $5 taco and 24oz tecate!!!!!  Plus $6 LAYERED nachos!  The taco was so-so, but the nachos were actually some of the best nachos I've ever had in my life.  They were so loaded up with goodies that we had to ask for extra chips to finish them off!!!  Also, we were lucky to stop in on a Thursday, which happens to be the day to get $13 dollar bulldogs (margaritas with a pacifico poured in...normally $18!).  Service was a wee bit slow, but it wasn't so bad that it really phased us.
Came with a friend who LOVES Mexican food and we had a Restaurant.com code so it was an extra bonus. We shared an appetizer and a dessert and each got an entree. My friend was very happy with her happy hour margaritas. The portions were pretty big too so we both had leftovers. Our server was fast, friendly, and pretty funny too. The prices weren't too ridiculous and considering the amount of food we had coupled with the awesome discount we got from the coupon, we were pretty happy with what we got. The food was pretty good... Not fantastic but still better than a bunch of places I've been to recently. I'd come back.
Hussong's was awesome!!

First off our waitress Brandi (sp?) was UNREAL!!!  Cute, nice, intelligent, well spoken, knew the menu and was very accomodating to our every need!

The food was good, hot and authentic...beer was cold and served quickly...margaritas were fantastic.  If you are in the area...this place should be on your list...skip by Ri-Ra and go get some Mexican!!!

Awesome is the simplest way to put it!
i stayed at Mandalay Bay recently and a hotel employee recommended this place for a casual lunch/dinner. I wasn't expecting much and nothing on the menu caught my eye..

Little did I know how AMAZING the fish tacos are! WOW. Beer-battered mahi mahi with huge chunks of avocado in a delicious creamy sauce.

I also tried the open-faced quesadilla which was pretty tasty, but I would recommend sharing it as the strong flavor gets to be too much.

Since Hussong's last month, I crave fish tacos ALL the time!
They claim to have borracho beans but they are actually refried beans with no flavor. The Spanish rice is horrible. Very dry and no flavor. The staff is friendly but management is rude disrespectful.

The General Manager was not friendly and kept starring and giving us smirks as she walked by. I am in the restaurant business and that is no way to treat your customers. I will never return.
Dreadful!  Went there Saturday night with a Travelzoo coupon that apparently identified us as unwelcome guests.  They sat us at the worst table ever & refused to move us even though we asked them to & there were other tables available.  We were in the middle of traffic & the table was so small that we had to put things on the floor to fit our food. The food was fair, the service was fair & the margaritas were quite tasty but I thought overpriced at $12.  The kicker was when they added an 18% tip for a party of two with no notification. We usually tip a minimum of 20% & found this insulting & a little underhanded.  We are locals & we will not be returning & will not be recommending this place.
On our way to Luxor from Mandalay Bay, we wanted to try The Burger Barn.  The wait was over an hour and we were starving.  So we decided to try Hussong's.

It's more of a sports bar than a Mexican restaurant.  It worked for us since we love basketball and we could watch few games at the same time.

We ordered...
Blackberry Splash Margarita - not so good
El Poblano Margarita - AMAZING!
Steak tacos - delicious!  Huge portions that I couldn't finish.
Cheese enchiladas - my husband enjoyed it.

Overall a good experience.  Will I come back just for this restaurant?  Not likely.
Visited this place for lunch. It was pretty empty and I sat at the bar. The bartenderess was nice enough and attentive except when it came to bringing the check. That came out very slowly. 

The food was surprisingly plain. It started with thick tortilla chips with hot and mild salsa, neither flavorful. Both were thin versions of salsa, which is fine with me, but some flavor or even heat would be appreciated. For starters, I had the queso fundido, which was pretty good and came with soft corn tortillas to eat it with.  Then I had the steak tacos. These were completely flavorless, and improved to decent with the addition of a few good shakes of bottled hot sauce.

The margaritas were actually pretty good, but they were insanely expensive, and I'm not one to complain about cost, especially on vacation.
I got nachos and it was layered so high that the cheese on the bottom wasn't melted. Also, I wasn't a fan of the corn mixed in with the nachos. The salsa was nasty.
The only reason I'm giving this an extra star is because I didn't get a chance to try their food. I'm keeping an open mind.

This place was listed under "late night food" at the Mandalay Bay's selection of restaurants. We arrived at 12am expecting to satisfy our hunger after coming back to our hotel. Their "late night" menu only runs from 11pm-close, which was at 12am. Not only do you get only 1 hour to eat your food, but doesn't late night usually go until at least 2am??

Also, when we arrived at the restaurant, there were no workers on the floor, so we decided to seat ourselves. The TVs were all still on and the small place still had quite some tables eating their food. I figured they were just a little busy, being that they had "late night specials". When a staff member finally spotted us, he didn't say anything. We had to ask if we could get menus, only to find out that the restaurant had already closed.

They need to make a "WE ARE CLOSED!" sign.
Not bad. Happy hour is great 2 for 1 can't beat that. The roasted corn is amazing... yummy.
We went here with a group of friends...we had heard the food was good.  The food was fantastic and they have the best chips and salsa ever!  I would come back just for those.  We ordered margaritas by the pitcher...two different kinds, both were fantastic! It was very casual and down home which is hard to find in Las Vegas.
I am usually quite generous and forgiving, but Hussong's was an incredible disappointment. The hostess could not be ruder. It's a bar, really, and people are passing through. 

The food is meh. The service is horrible. I really hope that they take the time to improve overall. The Mandalay is one of the best places for customer service, but this place in the Shoppes was extremely disappointing.
Service and decor were ok but food was medicre at best
This is another place I usually stop at every time I'm in Vegas. They have great margaritas and chicken quesadillas. Service is good, food is reasonably priced.
My friend and I came in here mid week so it was really slow and we were seated right away.  We ordered Margaritas (which were pretty pricey at around $12.00 if I remember correctly) but one is all you need for a good buzz!  We each ordered a soup and a quesadilla.  WOW!!!  Both were off the charts good.  The service was so nice and friendly we had such a good time.  I would be back for sure...even if it is expensive!
Excellent food and more reasonably priced than the more hyped up restaurants in the Casinos. We were a party of 6 with different dietary restrictions and tastes, yet each found something they really enjoyed. Nice atmosphere, friendly service. Skip the mediocre buffets and treat yourself to a good quality culinary experience.

An unusual mariachi band will surprise you!
I loves me some fresh salsa... that said, we sat down and were immediately served chips and salsa. The red salsa looked like spiced ketchup and I was immediately worried. The green salsa looked like it would taste good but unfortunately neither was anything to write home about. The red was so bad that I didn't want to actually eat any of their food and the green just wasn't good enough to try anything else out. Hubby had a mojito which was good, minty and refreshing but that was about all that we were willing to try after the salsa. It's salsa, you can't really get it wrong, it's that easy! 
One star for fast / good service and another star for good chips and a good mojito :)
Terrible flour chips.  Salsas bad, no heat, one like watered tomatillos and balsamic-yuck.  Vegetarian menu a joke.  'veggie mix' on everything.  One person had a decent steak chile relleno, thus 2 stars.  It's not really Mexican food.  Don't bother.
I ordered the nachos. I had never tasted any like this before. They came on a large salad plate. They had beans, chicken, white cheese and lines of sour cream sauce and guacamole sauce. They were terrible. There was an odd taste to them. $14.00. My friend had an appetizer of 3 mini tacos. $8.00. Small and nothing exciting. We ordered a pitcher of Margarita's without asking the price. $45.00!!! No booze in them either. Very expensive for nothing exciting. Taco Bell would have been better and cheaper.
Terrible. Went for lunch.  Everything went wrong.  Food and service was awful.  I told the manager I had to go and needed to get back to my conference after over an hour of disaster. He told just to go ahead and leave without paying.  That bad.
Just cruising through the shops at Mandalay Bay. We decided to grab some grub at this place. We came during the happy hour and were glad we did. The chips and salsa were good. We had the plate of pork nachos and the grilled corn. I loved the mayo butter they grilled on the corn. I would definitely suggest  that as an appetizer. And gotta love buy one get one free margarita happy hour. I enjoyed my experience and will come back.
Hussong's was better than I had expected from a Mexican place in the tourist-laden shopping mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  It's hard to go wrong with a pitcher of Negra Modelo, and after flying all day if wasn't too hard to impress me or my co-worker who were in town for a conference.  We weren't pushing the culinary envelope or searching for the "real" Mexico among mall restaurants, and we were happy with the tacos and flautas that we ordered.  The good news:  It's loud and artificial, but it's fun.  The bad news:  The two salsas that came with the chips were both horrible, and lack of drink prices on the menu is a trap for the unwary.  Pitchers of Sangria were $40, but our pitcher of really good beer was a much more reasonable $22.  I'd go back on a future trip because it's perfect after a day of flying when you just want to eat and crash.
Ate here on our trip to Vegas last year using a Restaurant.com certificate.  Gotta love the places that let you include liquor the coupon.  We each had a large margarita that was delicious and not weak.  We shared the steak nachos that were excellent.  Shared a couple other appetizers that also hit the mark well.  A bit small of a space and you get to know your neighbors well.  Great deal with the certificate.
Love coming here when I stay at the Palms. I use a restaurant.com coupon.

Love the margaritas, grilled corn, guacamole/chips. Gotta try one of those coronaritas.
With so many far better Mexican options within walking distance, and with a history so rich, Hussong's need to step up its game.

The food just wasn't great.  Barely good.  Passable, more or less.  The margarita was good but not great.  The chips tasted stale and store bought.

It was a wasted Vegas food opportunity for us.

Hussong's, get better!
Came here for lunch as we couldn't decide where to go and just ended up here

It started off great with us being seated fast and our waitress being at the table helping us with the menu and explaining specials. I ordered the carne asada plate and the rest of our table ordered. That is about where the great service stopped. A couple other people came after and it seemed that her service went to the other 2 tables as they got their food before us even after being seated well after us and they had their bill paid and left well before we could even get her attention for the bill. After getting the bill we had to sit around even more waiting for her to get it and return our card. This is the loss of the 2 stars as poor service can ruin an experience

The food was pretty good though. My carne asada was very moist and very flavorful. I was able to make a burrito with it as they serviced it with chorizo beans, rice, and guacamole and sour cream and a tortilla. They also served some potatoes with it but they were meh at the best. Still had extra carne asada which was very nice as I was able to eat it alone and it was good. The chips and salsa was good and they had this tomatillo salsa that was great

Overall, I'd probably return but not if I was in a hurry or had to meet people somewhere
Came here for dinner with a bachelor party. The bachelor got a double shot of tequila on the house so keep that in mind!

I ordered the carnitas tacos. The carnitas meat itself had a good shredded texture with solid flavor. The tortilla itself was rather bland and tore very easily so I had to eat half of the tacos with a fork. No biggie, but eating tacos with a fork is kinda weird. Other than that, the tacos were made with a pineapple salsa that had a good sweet tartness from the pineapple balanced against the heat of the peppers. This is what gave the tacos its signature taste and it tasted okaaaay. Nothing mind-blowingly spectacular but it's definitely different and it works!

Some of my other friends got quesadillas which actually looked and smelled fantastic. And then other other friends got the baja sandwich which is like a torta. That looked quite delicious too and it was huge! They were only able to finish half and had to take the rest home to save for later!

Warning: This place serves you infinite chips with a red sauce and a yellow sauce. Super addictive. We must've went through 10 baskets of these chips and by the time our food was finally served, we were all too full!!

Overall, it was a decent experience. Not the greatest Mexican food I've had, but it's far from the worse. There are certainly better options available to you in Mandalay Bay, however, and the city of Las Vegas has a great culinary scene that Hussong's plays a very small, limited role in.
this little Cantina at the Mandalay Bay was very delicious and they have pitchers of beer they also have a live mariachi that walks around if you want them to sing a song they can either in English or Spanish from Lil Wayne to Vicente they are awesome!  I would definitely come back here!
Decided to check this out on a Saturday night during our recent trip to Vegas after reading good reviews about the food and the Rock n' Roll Mariachis. Ordered the Carne Asada plate and it was delicious! Chips were good and the Verde salsa is even better. Waitress was very attentive and the Rock n' Roll Mariachis were really entertaining- sang really good and were super nice socializing while taking song requests. Needless to say we were not disappointed and this has become a new favorite spot for us!
Hussong's is a convenient Mexican joint if you're staying at Mandalay.  Living in SoCal, there are so many wonderful Mexican restaurants to choose from and put Hussong's to shame.

I ordered the shrimp fajitas - the service was slow, but when the fajitas finally came out they were okay.  Nothing to write home about.  If you're looking for something less fancy, I would check it out.  Otherwise, there are much better options around the area.
We needed a place cheap enough to be covered by our business expense account but fun enough to stand up as our only Sin City meal... and Hussong's fit the bill perfectly.

My friend W had the Skirt Steak Chile Relleno, which was a nice-sized entree for $16.  I had a bite, and the steak was tender and the pasilla sauce was flavorful.  I went with the Grilled Corn app to start - amazing char, creamy mayo-butter and cotija cheese, then a zippy punch of hot pepper flakes (get this damn app!!!) - and the Tortilla Soup.  My meal came to $14, and I was very, very pleased.

So, while we're sitting there in comes a couple women with Vegas showgirl headdresses and gowns, some fat cat businessmen, and 10 hot chicks in short, black dresses.  They flourish a Victoria tap handle and holler 'free Victoria beer for everyone!'... and the hot chicks start passing out tall glasses.  Woohoo!  It was a fun evening before that, but free beer (with a 2nd free beer brought out because my friend W sweet talked the closest hot chick) made for a great last memory before heading to the airport for our redeyes!
I have found my new spot! I really wanted to give this place 5 stars I really did! Our server was terrible :(

OK, so let me start... We ordered a Margarita that was made for 2 people to share. Yes I got drunk off it and yes I had a designated driver. It cost $25 for it but let me tell you it was strong and 48 ounces of heaven. It lasted my whole meal and that was with my man drinking off it too. The downside was as we watched the server at the bar making it she put a toothpick in her mouth that she then put cherries on and then put in our drink. GROSS! I'm totally getting that drink again it was too good. It was called "The Romance".

We started with tacos. If you show your local ID after 6 pm Mon-Fri you get up to 4 tacos at 50 cents each. YES just 50 cents each! They were by far the best part of the meal. You can pick between chicken, beef or carnitas.

I had the "Enchiladas Suizas" which was very good. It had Chicken, Tamatillo Sauce, Sour Cream, and Salsa. It also came with rice and beans that were full of flavor. I asked the server if it could be made with flour tortillas instead of corn but she tried arguing with me (her name was Yolanda) that Enchiladas cant be made with flour tortillas because it wont hold together. I finally said that I get them that way everywhere else and that is how I would like them. You will see by the picture I posted that they held up just fine :)  This dish cost $15.

My man had the "Beef Fajitas" and he ate every bit of it. He didn't like that it had corn grilled in with the veggies but he will know for next time to tell them to leave that off. This dish cost $19.

My mans Dad had the "Chili Relleno"  and this cost $16. He really enjoyed it.

I totally recommend this place to anyone who loves margaritas and great Mexican food!!!!!
At the time I had lunch here, there was a foursquare checkin offer for a free plazero corn for checking into Mandalay Bay shops. Let's just say that my quesadilla lunch + my free corn had me in the food coma necessary to snooze away the rest of the day poolside so I could party the night away. And my lunch tab was under $10.00! More money for the slots and cocktails! Oh yeah, the ingenious "open face" chicken quesadilla allowed me the freedom to pluck off all the tomatoes prior to folding it in half to eat. I'm a fan of lunch at Hussong's (eventhough I didn't have one of their world famous margaritas)!
So the other reviews here are not reflective of my experience whatsoever. I'm not sure if we just got dealt a really good hand or what, but I super enjoyed myself. The server was great at making recommendations for both food and drink, if the teeniest bit pushy (she could tell we liked her and after we had been served our food she pleaded, "Are you SUUUUURE you don't want any margaritas?" Yes we're sure. I have to drive in a minute and my friend has to go back to work). The hostess, however, was probably 17 and having the worst day of her life. No smiles, no acknowledgement when we asked for a table, just grabbing menus and leading us to a table. (I know, Girl, being 17 is hard. It's even harder when you hate your life. Smile a bit! It gets better, I promise. Molly out.)

Anyway, I had a special--some kind of elevated Taco Bell Crunchwrap Supreme. But I don't want to insult it by calling it Taco Bell food, because it was really great. It was the first quesadilla-type food I ever had to eat with a fork. It was stuffed to the brim with whole slices of tomato, avocado, and raw jalepeno. All of it tasted super fresh. The chips and salsa left a little to be desired, but the green salsa was flavorful and fresh. 

Despite the sad hostess and salsa situations, I would like to try it again. Judging by the other reviews, I don't know if I'll get so lucky again, but I enjoyed it and would be willing to give it a try.
Being a vegan I was worried about having to be in Vegas for a week for work. I packed a cooler filled with healthy food, but upon checking into my hotel i realized there was no microwave or fridge. Bummer. I ended up eating out all week and had probably my favorite meal here at Hussong's. I go to B.C., Mexico often but have never been to Hussong's down there. The food and atmosphere are Americanized but still quite good. The waiter was awesome. I asked about getting the vegetarian burrito on the menu made into tacos. He asked me if I was a vegetarian, and I said yes. Then he brings out a nice big separate menu that was all vegetarian. Cool! I went with the tacos made on pink corn tortillas (ordered without cheese or creme) and serve with rice and black beans. The beans and rice were really good, and the tacos delicious. Chips and salsa were great as well.
Hubs and I went for a light lunch around 3 pm. Happy hour started at 4pm, and features some drink specials including $ for a 22 oz. Tecate and a taco. We drank a couple Dos Equis on draft, then my husband switched to PBR and I got a Modelo Negra. Not a lot of beer selection, but at a Mexican cantina, they have what you're looking for--Corona, Tecate, Dos Equis, Modelo. We split the nachos with steak, and they were wonderful! The best part about them, which I didn't even notice at first, was the grilled corn. So sweet and smokey, and nice addition to standard nachos toppings. We also had chips and salsa while we were waiting on our nachos to come out. I highly recommend. They come with two salsas, one red, one green. Both were fantastic, and whether or not it is, everything tasted homemade.
We used a groupon to eat at Hussongs. and the service was great. But the food was not. The chips are really bad. And the food tasted like something out of a box. If you are not familiar with Mexican food you'll probably be fine eating here, but if you like good Mexican food, this is not your place
Great salsa...
Dropped in at Hussong's for a dinner on a Saturday night with my husband, his aunt and her boyfriend. The aunt and her boyfriend had actually already been to Hussong's and wanted us to try the place out. They're out-of-towners - taking us locals to a place! Ha!

The place is in Mandalay Shoppes next to one of my faves - Burger Bar. The place itself is small and narrow (also kind of like Burger Bar). And the tables are kind of close together, plus the place is a little cramped. More than a few times I felt like I needed to duck or scooch out of the way of servers trying to get food to other tables.

We started with chips (two salsas - red, which is a very tomato-based salsa, and a green tomatillo salsa which had a bit of a kick, but not much). Thank goodness we opted to get a side of guac to dip the chips in. It saved the day! It had nice, big chunks of avocado in it, which made happy. 

I had the Enchilada Suizas. Chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce, sour cream, and (I think) basil leaves topped on them. Also comes with a side of beans and rice. Strangely enough, I was a fan of the beans. Usually I am not at Mexican places, but these beans I actually liked. They had more texture and chunks of beans than others I have had. The rice was pretty bland - nothing special. The enchiladas were quite refreshing because they were much different than others I have had. With the addition of the topping of basil leaves, it made this dish much more complex and the chicken was not shredded, it was more like large, moist pieces of chicken in the enchiladas.

My husband had the carnitas platter, which comes with tortillas, peppers, onions, pickled onions, and a few other things. I tried some of the carnita and it was delish. They put a nice char on the meat and it actually comes out in CHUNKS, not shredded like so many other Mexican places. 

We ended the meal with sopapillas. They come with a small dollop of caramel ice cream and chipotle honey dipping sauce. You only get TWO sopapillas in the order. They were okay, but Lindo Michocan has better sopapillas.

Overall I enjoyed the experience. The only complaints are the small space, crowded seating, and the kind of bland chips and salsa. The prices were not bad for STRIP prices.
It's a small chain that does a good job of being a chain.  We did have fun there and enjoyed our food.
Hussong's Cantina was a good place to grab a quick, cheap lunch while working at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.  It was especially cheap for me because the Foursquare deal was written incorrectly, so I had two appetizers for half off, and my total bill came to under $10.  

I loved their chips and salsa, which were fresh and tasty.  I thought the queso fundido was OK but not all that flavorful.  However, I really liked the crisp taquitos, which were well-filled and good.  Service was great and I'd return to try a margarita.
Awesome food and the margaritas are just mind blowing......Try Mango Guacamole and the chips and salsa were nice........good BAJA feel.....
The food was very bland, and WAY over priced. Expect to pay 30 bucks per person for bad mushy food. They do have a Great Margarita!! Would NOT recommend this restaurant for food, There are way better Mexican Restauants in town.
When I heard the name "Hussong's" I thought it was some type of Chinese restaurant. But paired up with the name "Cantina" threw me off as it's actually an Americanized-Mexican resto within the Mandalay Bay Shoppes. 

PERKS
+ great service (attentive staff dressed in sports jerseys)
+ gigantic drinks - they have specialties such as the "Bull Dog" (margarita + beer), but I opted for a sangria
+ FISH TACOS ($14) two mahi mahi fish tacos were fried placed upon two corn tortillas with shredded lettuce, guacamole and pico de gallo. Very fresh and decent dish. (Note: apparently the most popular item on their menu)
+ CHIPS & SALSA & GUACAMOLE - salsas were fresh! Chips were crisp and the guac was devoured by everyone!

DIRTS
- prices: although the fish tacos were a decent meal, I thought the dish was WAY over-priced for Americanized-Mexican food (but alas, it's Vegas so they'll charge a bit more)
- noisy: my co-workers and I had a little get together here, although it was nice they were able to reserve a section for us. The whole resto is a bit noisy with the sports games going on and the chatter from all the customers
- not authentic
- mediocre drunk grub

FYI
*located in mini-strip mall walk-way in between Mandalay Bay & Luxor
*you can keep the gigantic glass of margarita once you've drank it all
*laundry list of margaritas are available 
*drinks range from $8-14
*many flat screen televisions to watch the latest sports game 
*Rick Moonen's "RM" restaurant is just around the corner for sustainable seafood

I came here with my co-workers for a little get together after a meeting. I'm not sure if I'd eat at this establishment again. But for great service, good drinks and mediocre food, it's okay, but probably not my first choice.
First time at this place. Food was great. I'd definitely recommend getting the ceviche and the chicken sopes. The fish tacos we're also delicious. However unfortunately, the margaritas we're not good and I was looking forward to them. Overall, good food, poor drinks but great service. Ronnie, our server, was on point!
Ok noobs. 

Whoever gave this place a 5 star ratings you guys were probably drunk. Friend and I went there, got seated right away but we waited 20 minutes until the server acknowledged us. We hella devoured that chips and salsa and even memorized the menu in 20 minutes.

Got the nachos and steak tacos. Mehhhhh I'd rather go someplace for that! So not worth the prices of $14 for nachos and $15 for tacos. I had the original margarita, yest that was delicious, but for a $12 drink? Eh. 

On their menu, it says "If you don't like our service, tell us first not Yelp." something like that...well, TOO LATE! For my bottom line here, bad service, over priced food, and good margarita. TWO STARS!
Met up with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and we had a great time! Our waiter was friendly and fun--even buying birthday boy a shot of tequila! Gotta love that! Food was enjoyable though not anything you haven't had before but it was satisfying enough and the drinks were kept full. Can't beat that! The mariachi band was EXCELLENT and a lot of fun. It's a little pricey but then, what isn't on the strip anymore?
Great service and tasty food.  Not the outrageous best mexican meal I have ever had type food, but look, it is in a casino shopping area, it is for the masses, and the masses are unwashed.  Server really did do a great job at keeping our table buzzed.  

Worth a return visit!
I didn't even know this place existed because it's always overshadowed by my desire to go to Burger Bar whenever I get this close to The Strip.  We had to meet some family for dinner at Mandalay and told them about Burger Bar's greatness.  Upon arriving we found out the BB was closed for a private event so we had to pick another place.  Since we didn't feel like walking more than 10 feet we decided on Hussong's. 

The name might be a little off-putting as it doesn't scream "Mexican Food" and they claim to be the inventor of the Margarita.  Still, we gave it a chance and we were pleasantly surprised.  It was a little pricey for Mexican food but cheap for Strip standards.  The waiter did an okay job but was a little slow after we ordered.  My wife had Enchiladas and the rest of us had their Chicken Tostada Salad, which was pretty delicious!  They had two fried strips of Flour Tortilla that came along with the salad rather than a fried bowl and I was a big fan!

I did have a couple of problems with the place, however.  As I said the waiter was 'ok' but he constantly tried to upsell us stuff.  I hate when they offer you Guacamole like it's on the house when it really isn't.  I'm of the opinion that if you offer it, it's free.  We didn't bite.  The biggest thing that I didn't like was the fact that their Margarita's came in Pint Glasses.  Really?  You claim to be the Margarita inventor and you're going to put them in a pint glass? I don't think so.  That alone lost a whole star for me.

There was a pretty sweet Mariachi Band wandering around and they were playing some rock hits that you would expect from Mariachis.  Pretty cool.
I will state immediately, if you are not a fan of margaritas or staying in the Mandalay than it is going to be hit or miss.  If you are a margarita person, these folks will do right by you.  No frozen BS here.  Their Rita's are on the rocks, including the higher than to be expected quality 40oz special, $18 up front and $13 refills(a quick note to Rita fans, the receipt, if your order is over $40, easy if you get the $18 40z special and a bite to eat I received a $5 off my next order coupon.)

Anyway, food wise nothing I had is going to blow you away(bearing in mind I did get carry out and take this to the room).  It isn't of immense quality, though I found the guacamole of great pedigree.  I had carnitas tacos.  I liked them, in the sense they were warm, moist, flavorful and fulfilled a Mexican niche for $14.  My wife got the simple cheese quesadilla, which I thought were surprisingly good.  Keep in mind, we aren't talking authentic Mexican here.  This is Tex-mex for the masses, which is just fine by me.

To simplify:  If you want authentic Mexican cuisine, look elsewhere.  If you are on the Strip and want a decent Rita and food to match or you are staying at the Mandalay and need a quick Tex-Mex fix it is a solid choice.  If you dig a good, well priced Rita(the closest I've ever had to my preferred 3-2-1 method (than I'd go so far as to say, considering the price) it is a must stop multiple days of your trip.
This is the second time my friend and I have eaten here and each time we've left a little disappointed but after tonight, I do plan to return. 

Even though the restaurant was a little busy, our service could have been better. We weren't given straws and when I asked for straws our server forgot and never came back (I finally just got them from the bar). By the way, the water tasted weird, which is pretty concerning. 

I'm also annoyed because my friend is a vegetarian and we are both health conscious so after coming to yelp to write the review, we find that they have a separate vegan/vegetarian menu you have to ask for. This would have been nice to know. (Grrr!)

I will say their gluten free chips and salsa are delicious but one can not live off chips an salsa alone. We both had the tostado salad and were very surprised to see what came out or lack there of. The salad was supposed to come with black beans and corn, which were nearly hidden the portion was so small. We could never even taste them! We expected some other veggies like peppers or onions too but we really just got some lettuce on top of two fried tortilla pieces. The chicken was dry and since my friend didn't even get the chicken or cheese, I felt worse for her. Bottom line this should not be considered a meal. Very disappointing.
We loved the food. The service was good and we were grateful to be seated right away. We have eaten Mexican and TexMex food while living and visiting in Texas.  The food was very good and authentic.
Great Traditional Margarita!! Very, very good nachos!  If you know about the original "Hussongs" in Mexico then you'll understand the tradition and the name.  Fantastic place!
They have a vegan menu!

I was surprised with how good the chile rellenos were. I got them with gardein 'beef' tips. 

It's nice to find a place you can take the whole family and everyone's happy.

My only complaint is that I paid $12 for a strawberry margarita and it had no discernible alcohol in it. I tried to flag down a waiter to make sure they hadn't brought me a virgin by mistake, but the place was too busy and I never saw them again. So there's that.

I will be going back and bringing family, maybe at less crazy hours.
I came for the free chips and salsa, also the water, since that's the only thing the busboy brought over, the waitress could not be bothered to come to the table... Oh she looked at me w couple times, but was busy with a larger party of 4... Me being by myself must have creeped her out.... To bad, I tip well for good service, shame there was none to be found here.
This stop was the highlight of my 4 day trip to Vegas which is saying a lot. I found out ahead of time that they had recently started a vegan menu, it wasn't posted online, but a quick email got me a copy of it. Prices were high as is to be expected in a Vegas hotel mall, but it was so tasty and the service was great. I am in love with the salsa here and love any place that brings you more than one variety. Plus the chips were slightly thicker than usual which made them extra delicious. I'm sure my giant margarita didn't hurt anything either. Mostly though I must rave about my vegan enchilada which came with gardein and daiya and the most delicious sauce. These types of mexican meals are being much more common as easy to make vegan food becomes accesible via these already manufactured product mainstays but this was still better than any similar enchilada I have ever had. It was so tasty that I decided to carry the rest of it around in a bag for the next 5 hours before finally eating it standing over a trash can on fremont street. The menu had a lot of other great looking vegan items as well, including a chili relleno, which I have never seen before. My boyfriend enjoyed his non vegan variety. I will definetetely be adding this to all my future Vegas vacations and can even say it was worth the 2 hour duece ride from my hotel on the opposite end of the strip.
So I came here recently for lunch for a work meeting. I chose the carne asada which had guacamole, rice, beans and a baked potato. The meat was ok, a little tough and a bit over-seasoned (as were the sides) for my taste. For dessert we shaa plate of churros that had a side of ice cream that tastedlike caramel or leche quemada. They were so good we ordered another plate! 

The chips are kept heated in a popcorn/carnitas cart, and they are super delish! Super fatty and salty, I could've eaten my weight in tortilla chips!

Sadly, I dodn't order a margarita since I was working, but I am sure they would be pretty good. Random fact, the margarita is one of the most popular cocktails in the U.S.
Maybe I just had an usually smooth experience here, but I loved it! I fully expected it to be douchey as hell, based on the whole marketing B.S...but I was really pleasantly surprised and will be back!

My experience was around 8pm on a Wednesday evening, we were seated immediately at a good table, the service was EXCELLENT and very attentive, and what I ordered was fantastic!

I had the huarache, which was fanTAStic. The meat was seasoned well and everything just came together perfectly. Even the chips & salsa they put out are amazing...some of the best tortilla chips I've had at a Mex place.

My friend had the carnitas platter, which he wasn't thrilled with but said it was OK. And we shared a pitcher of margaritas. I think the total tab was $70...not too bad, seeing as we had 3 small margaritas each, plus food.
Great food, great drinks and fun atmosphere. Service was super friendly and very attentive. Will definitely hit this place again next time.
Came here for dinner on a Friday night which was probably our first mistake since it was Friday night of March Madness.

Now... if you're looking for a loud, fun, entertaining time and you're staying at Mandalay Bay... this is a pretty good option.  

But if you are looking for good food, a nice relaxing meal with a bit of flair and creativity....  and great margaritas... go to Border Grill.  

This place is pricey and the food is just ok... and it's loud so if you want to have a conversation you'll be yelling most of the time.

The chips and salsa...  chips were a little stale... but the salsas were fresh.  Really like the creamy tomatillo salsa... it was tart but had a kick all while being creamy.  

We ordered the ceviche to start along with a pitcher of Pacifico and a blackberry muddled margarita.

The margarita was ok... I've had better so I only ordered 1... you could barely tell there were any blackberries in it.

The ceviche was small... had good heat and flavor... the odd thing was that it had cucumbers in it... good thing I like cucumbers.

The pozole... very tasty and hearty.... We all shared this... If (big IF) I go back... I'd order this and a beer.  It was comfort food in a bowl.  So Good.

Dinner... 
My girlfriend ordered an Arugula Chicken salad (she's on a diet so her splurge was cocktails)... but the Arugula turned out to be Spinach... not a big deal... but they should have told us of the menu / ingredient change.
My entrée was the Harache?  ... flat steak grilled with a chimichurri sauce on top of what was supposed to be a crispy tortilla... it was actually a soggy flatbread... I didn't eat the flatbread tortilla... but the steak and chimichurri was Great!
Hubby got the taco plate... wasn't anything special.
GF's hubby got the flautas... they were big but he said they were dry inside and only ate half.

For the 4 of us... 2 pitchers of beer, 1 margarita and 2 vodka cocktails... (plus the food mentioned above)... our total was $205 including tax and tip.  IMO... overpriced for what we got... Although, I'm pretty sure the bar tab was more than our food tab since drink pricing on Strip tends to be high... so... 

BTW.... did I mention the mariachi / roaming cover song band is loud and kinda obnoxious?  I found them annoying so this is one of the main reasons I won't go back.  But if you're drunk and looking to sing along off tune this would be a great place to hang.
I have been here two times.  The first time I ate here.  I was so surprised.  The food was fantastic and quite plentiful, authentic.  Service good.  So I returned, but next time for a margarita, which I enjoyed.  Upon our return to our hotel room, my husband realized he lost his money clip with considerable cash in it.  We called Hussong's Cantina who stated they discovered the money clip on a stool when cleaningi up.  Honest people.  God bless you.  Will return!
This was the second place I found between the Madalay Bay and Luxor hotels while looking for something good to eat for under $50.  The mall between the two resorts has several nice places like this. 

The service here was very good. Again... I ate at the bar. When I'm alone I like to eat there because I can meet some folks. 

I have their Skirt Steak Chil Rellenos.  Apparetnly the bartender had just ordered this for the first time himself the night before and we both now agree. It was amazing.  The combination reall hit the spot for me.   I will probably find a way to get back here and order it a again if I stay at Mandalay.
Great Service. Must have Nachos!
The service, food and margarita's were quite smashing at Hussong's Cantina.  
My friend I were seated very quickly and learned that they were only serving the late night menu.  We both ordered a burrito and margarita and enjoyed a most wonderful meal.   
The server was very polite and took care of our ever need.
Hussong's is located between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  It seems to be the place that invented the margarita.  Whether that is true or not, is irrelevant, because the margarita's/drinks kicked @$$!

The drinks are not too expensive ($10-$12 range), but they still pack a nice punch.  Most drinks in Vegas are extremely watered down and 90% sugar, but not these.  They tasted fresh and did not resemble Kool-Aid.

For food, we enjoyed the quesadilla, which had tons of flavor, but was also very heavy.  

Cons:
The service was not good at all.  The servers were extremely friendly, but also extremely absent.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night.

I will definitely look to come back here next time I am in Vegas, though.
The house tortilla chips were thick and not very good at all... they are just filled in a big popcorn machine up front rather than cooked to order and served warm and fresh. The salsa, on the other hand was tasty which made the former fact a real shame. We left them untouched. Unheard of.

Food was just okay. Same as the service. I ordered the vegan chile relleno with gardein beef tips. My friend ordered the vegan quesadilla, which came on a single medium tortilla served open faced?

I wasn't a huge fan of the rice and I love my rice. There was a lot going on on the plate, flavor-wise my dish should have been exploding. The flavor just wasn't there especially having had such delicious Mexican in southern Colorado. My avocado slices were not even ripe. It was hard not creamy as a good, ripe avocado should be.

I did like the beans.

Pay attention to things like how busy the place is... follow the crowd. Better off going to Slice of Vegas a few doors down where it's busy for good reason and you are sure to be impressed.
This is my jam! The food is delicious and fresh. The service is prompt and friendly. Every time we arrive in Vegas (usually Mandalay Bay) we stop in for nachos to share with meat of your choice. The FRESH jalapeños are beyond delish with queso fundido. So yum! It's not a cheap place, but a great choice for some bar snacks and BULLDOG or a yummy lunch for a big day at the tables. My waitress even remembered me from my last visit! If they have the green pozole... Do not pass it up. BEYOND DELICIOUS. My compliments to the chef!
By the time I managed to eat here, both of us were fully in the throes of a airplane-caught cold. Our waitress was so friendly, and so eager to help us find anything to feel better- she brought hot tea and blended margaritas (ice and salt help a sore throat, right?) and when we finally decided on Nachos sounding like a decent lunch, she was more than happy to get us a piping hot meal. 

Sadly, we could only eat about a quarter of them- not because they weren't delicious0 They were!! But we both we just so ill that we paid and left. I wish we had been feeling better, the whole place seemed like so much fun. Definitely worth a stop if you're staying on the south end of the Strip.
The mariachi they have here was awesome! Very friendly, funny, and energetic. But other then that nothing was original. Food was ok.
Hussong's is located in The Shoppes at Mandalay Place (aka the walkway between Luxor and Mandalay Bay's casino. The have a hostess podium in the walkway, and we were quickly seated.

I liked the tortilla chips, they where different, much thicker, much like you may get at a Mexican restaurant when they serve you queso and it comes with thicker chips. The waitress was great, and very attentive. Probably the second best service I had the entire time I was in LV.

The food had a good bit of flavor cooked in, not the standard poured on after microwaving flavor you find at a lot of places. The portions were a bit on the smaller side for the price, but the quality was there. I cannot comment on the bar or drinks, but everyone seemed to be enjoying the huge margaritas. 

I would not hesitate to stop by again on my next trip.
Hosted a part of 20 no problem. Issue - we all ordered margaritas and mojitos. Everyone complained that the drinks were watered down. My Fresa Mojito definitely was a $12 minty strawberry club soda. 

If you come here, it's safe to get the beer.
I am a fan for three reasons:

1. They make EXCELLENT margaritas - I love the Jalapeno one. Their house margarita is delish too. 2. Excellent chips...and...if you ask for it, they have one of THE hottest salsas I have ever had in a restaurant! (that's my 3). My hubby says it's hotter than the "blazing" sauce at Buffalo Wild Wings. If you like HOT salsa, ask for it, but be careful not to take a big scoop or you will burn your tongue off.
Ok...I have been here 2 nights in a row. 

First Night: 
I thought it was great! The service was awesome and the food was great. We got the carna asada plate, guac, and shrimp ceviche. Ok...the ceviche wasn't all that great. It was very small and hardly any shrimp. I like mine to be a little more zesty but this was on the more tiny bit tart. I like the tast of lemon n lime in my ceviche so I guess it really depends on your taste. The chip and salsa that they give you is yummy. I really like their chips!! thick and not too salty. 

Second Night:
Ok...we ordered the Chicken Tostada salad and Baja Hamburger. The Salad was very plain and didn't even come in a tostada bowl (am I the only one that expects it in a bowl?). ANyways, I expected it to come in a bowl and instead, there were just 2 giant tostada chips in the salad. The sauce was whatevers and hardly any corn or the other veggies mentioned from the menu. We first thought the corn was missing but when we dug dip enough, we found few...I mean FEW corn peices on the bottom. Very sad.  On to the Baja hamburger. It had bacon, ham, and avocado. It wasn't as beautiful as in the picture and it was overly salty. I guess the avocado is there to help with the saltiness but the ham was way too salty. Also, one of the workers kept dropping things. I saw him spill dressing all over a table as he was delivering food. And he also dropped plates too. Poor guy. However, our waiter never showed up to us to ask if we needed anything the whole night. I mean, the place is pretty small and he passed us by every time he had to serve another table. Didn't like that waiter.

Also, I was irritated by some loser trying to pick up on a girl at the bar.  He kept trying to make the conversation flow and asking for high fives. High fives really? ugh...it was really pathetic. She turned her body and was talking to the bartender and tried really hard to put her head in another direction or just looking down her cup. 

The music was whatevers too. I don't like loud music in my ears. I gave it a 3 since the first night was good but not so much the second night. Not bad to go at least once and check it out yourself.
Stopped here for a QUICK bite before our show. Everything was executed beautifully!!!

The food came out quick and tasted GREAT, the check was dropped off early to accommodate our need to get out early. 

I want to revisit this place and have a slower meal to experience it in true fashion.
Came here before a concert at the Mandalay Bay Beach one Saturday night. We had reservations for 8 at 6:30pm, so it was fairly early for dinner Vegas style. We had a vegetarian and vegan in the group and everyone loved their meals. It was great carb loading before a heavy night of dancing and drinking. 

Their vegan menu is done well, not just chips and dip and a veggie taco. Veggies have a full separate menu to choose from with a great variety of apps and entrees. We also had some food allergies in the group as well and our server, Ronnie (I think was his name?) was a star. He literally ran back and forth to the kitchen and back to our table to make sure he was giving us the right information on what was included in the meals ingredient-wise.

Drinks were delicious and ever flowing. The skinny pom margarita was fantastic although a bit too sweet for me, as was their OG margarita. I had the steak chile relleno which was flavorful and not too heavy. I saw someone at the far end of the table with a burrito the size of a nerf football though...noms for days. 

The live mariachi band serenaded us with Sweet Child o Mine and "going to the chapel" since it was my friend's bachelor party. What a fun group of guys. 

Decently priced for Vegas, generous portions, fun, casual atmosphere and nice staff. It was a great mid way meeting point for both budget and taste and I would definitely come here again. I'm addicted to their chips and salsa. Guac wasn't bad either!
This place has been the best place we've dined at thus far in Vegas. It's definitely different Mexican cuisine and I love me some Mexican food. We got the grilled corn plazero appetizer and I la-la looooved it! Totally reminded me of the corn carts back in LA. Chips and salsa were okay. I say that because I am a chips and salsa snob and I thought the chips were a little too salty (but the perfect thickness with the perfect crunch), the salsa verde was too salty, but the house salsa, which our waitress said may be a little spicy but was not, was perfect. I ordered the Mexican burger. It was delicious except it really should have had some sort of spread or aioli on it. It was like a brunch burger and I love me some brunch burgers whenever I can get my hands on one. The best part was the fries. Fries with seasoned cotija cheese. Oh. Em. Gee! I'd go back to this place just for the fries! Portions were huge so I pretty much took the entire plate back to my hotel (we had a fridge). Leftovers were just as good!

I felt that the service could have been a lot better. Our waitress decided that since we were spending tons on alcoholic beverages that she didn't need to bother asking us if we needed soda or water refills or even chips and salsa refills. Price wise, this was priced the same had we hit up the More Buffet at Luxor again, except the food was better and I wasn't visiting the bathroom every half hour.
Nothing worse then a server who has attitude when you ask a question. Surprisingly ok - good overall grub,
We ordered chicken and steak tacos asked if they could hard shell it.. The made the shell fresh to order. Queso fundido was ok. Everything was real greasy which is good and bad at the same time if you know what I mean??!!! 

Overall ok id never go back.
Good Mexican food at a decent price. My boyfriend an I each ordered tacos (comes with 4 small ones) and they came out about 5 min later! I recommend the carnitas tacos!
Only come here for Happy Hour (4-6pm) because this place is a steal!! Tacos, drinks, etc are super cheap and everything tastes great.
Inside Mandalay Bay, near the shops, great place to get some pretty good food and some good Margaritas. Get the big version which lets you keep the big cup and share it and come back for refills if you live in this hotel or close. Salsa is fresh, the burrito I had was good and huge and the quesadilla was big too.
Okay Mexican restaurant in the Mandalay Bay Shoppes. Like many other restaurants here it is over priced and food is okay. Don't order the guacamole, we thought it wasn't that much extra for such a small portion, but were shocked it was $9 for a tiny bowl. Unless you really crave Mexican food, avoid this place.
Wile staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay we stopped into Hussong's~ it had a fun casual atmosphere and the staff was friendly and attentive. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and helpful with the questions we had about particular items. He was also very efficient juggling between the larger parties and the smaller tables so no one was over-looked. 

We both had the taco's (5 mini soft taco's per plate) which were very satisfying.
I had the ribeye taco's and, although hey had a great flavor,  the meat was pretty tough- guess I should have stuck with the chicken.  I loved their mango habanero guacamole which I could have made a meal of in and of itself with their chips that were just right -- lots of crunch and light on the salt! I also enjoyed a jalapeno cucumber cocktail that was very refreshing although I had a friend tease me about not getting their famous Margarita which they claim to be the original creators~ just another good reason to go back besides all the delicious looking plates that past by us as we were eating. 

This one is certainly staying on our radar!
My friend and I had time to kill before the Cirque/MJ show and so stopped in at Hussong's. Lucky us! We had a great time here. Our bartender was sweet, attentive and personable and the drinks were STRONG. 

The Cantina has fun decor and although it might seem strange to rave about chips/salsa/guac...Hussong's is that good. The green tomatillo salsa was so nice and smokey and the red salsa had the perfect bite and tang. Delicious guacamole. 

One of the highlights of our visit to Hussong's was the rockin' Mariachi band! The troupe started out with Mariachi classics but then performed the likes of Pink Floyd, Johnny Cash and and Neil Young. I'd come back just to see these guys!
According to their menu, this restaurant (not this locale of course) was the inventor of the margarita. If so, they still do it right here. Flavorful and strong without being too overly sweet. Their chips and fresh salsa is very enjoyable and try their steak nachos as well. They are filling and worth a try. 

Service is friendly and I'll be back here for happy hour my next trip.
Best authentic Mexican food and margaritas. The service was the best.  Good prices, too!
I was very disappointed, not in the quality of food, but in the service I received at Hussong's. Friends of mine and I went for lunch on Veteran's Day this year, and our waiter, Elio was terrible. He started off the experience with enthusiasm, but that quickly dwindled after we placed our order. I had ordered the Taquitos on the appetizer section of the menu. After we placed our order, I noticed that there was a little fold out promotional piece on the table that advertised breakfast burritos. I quickly waved down our waiter and asked him to change it out because the burrito was only $2 more but included a lot more food. It was then the Elio got really awkward. His body language and facial expressions showed he was very annoyed at me for wanting to change my order. He even said something along the lines of, "Well, umm, they're already making it. But I guess I can go see if I can cancel it. It's just going to take a lot longer." When I told him it was fine if it took longer, he again stressed that the cooks were already making it. 

Our food came out quickly and it was great! But Elio, I'm assuming because of the order cancellation, avoided us the rest of the time we were there. At one point, he came over to ask if everything was going OK, but he was already walking away as we spoke our answers. 

Overall, the service was just terrible and even though the food was tasty, the experience was ruined due to our bad waiter. We won't be going back.
BEST VEGAN ENCHILADAS EVER. 

Margaritas...not so much. Tastes like you're drinking straight syrup.

Guy behind bar: complete prick. Made fun of my vegan food tasting like a cardboard mushroom. Way to sell your own product and give it a good name, asshole.

The service is mediocre BUT the food is so amazing that it totally made up for anything that the employees lacked. The fact that they offer VEGAN MEXICAN FOOD thats extremely flavorful is enough to keep me coming back!
Coming from San Diego, my expectations for Mexican food in Vegas were not high.  We came here because we were staying in the hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. 

Our meal consisted of steak enchiladas and chicken flautas.  The enchiladas were super yummy and the flautas were the perfect complement to my massive hangover.  Food was cheap and the only annoying thing was our pushy up-seller server.  NO I don't want to hear the whole story of inventing the margarita, NO I don't want a $20 souvenir glass of beer, but she just kept trying.  Not a deal breaker though.  

This place is not a dining destination, but definitely does the job if you happen to be hungry and in the vicinity.
Great food!  Great service!
To all future Vegas tourists: Avoid. Extremely overpriced and the portions suck ass. $20 for a plate of child's fist sized chicken tacos, seriously. Oh and service is bad. Our female server ditched our table for the bigger party that just walked in and so we were left without a server for 10 minutes. Great job lady. You are a (fill in blank). I'll give you a hint: rhymes with ditch.
So, we came in here a little before they closed, and the place was pretty empty, which was nice. Very tasty American-Mexican food. The guacamole was really tasty. I had the Tostada salad, really good with a nice kick of jalepeno. My mom ordered the fish tacos, she seemed to like them. The service was really good, our waitress was nice and friendly.
The good news is that they have a nice vegan menu. The bad news is that they are not that great at serving vegan food. I ordered vegan enchiladas & they ended up serving me vegan chicken strips rolled up in torillas with sauce. The side salad was also missing.
They also don't do well with special orders. My husband is vegetarian & asked for a normal cheese enchilada with the vegan chicken strips. The first plate they brought out was just chicken enchiladas. The second plate was just vegan enchiladas. Not that great in my opinion.
I've eaten here twice. Both times the servers were very nice but not particularly knowledgeable. The food was pretty good but the style is different. Many items come "deconstructed" but the menu doesn't prepare you for that. So the food wasn't what we expected. Will be back but wish they'd be more precise in their menu descriptions.
Ate here while in Vegas. Do not listen to the positive reviews, you will be highly disappointed that you spent 35 dollars on food. I got the chicken tacos and my girl got the cantina tacos, the food was almost inedible but we did not feel like complaining. Maybe they expected everyone who comes in around 10 to be wasted so they serve them any crap they want. Who puts Parmesan cheese on Mexican food? Enough said. Eat here at your own risk. Only thing I liked was the friendly host with the glasses and vest.
The way I like to make my first judgement about Mexican food is the guacamole. This guacamole was terrible. It was so acidic that  it sizzled on your tongue. Salsas were flavorless as was the rice and beans. I ordered chicken tacos which were fair at best. Chicken was not seasoned and a little dry. We shares a bowl of tortilla soup which tasted so smokey, you couldn't taste anything else. Service was decent for a casual place. Wouldn't come back again
Really happy there is a Mexican restaurant on the Strip that actually has vegan options.

So my fiancé and I went here after looking at countless reviews for vegan restaurants.  The abidance is rather chill (great for a big group since it looks like a bar-type of restaurant).  

My fiancé ordered the vegan fajitas with the fake chicken and I ordered the vegan tacos with cabbage and avocado.  I am not a huge fan of fake meats but my fiancé LOVES it and was really happy with his order. I tried the veggies from his fajitas and the flavoring was VERY GOOD.  Mine, however, was a bit too lemony.  I ended up finishing it but compared to the flavor of my fiancé's dish, I was a bit disappointed.  Next time we go here, I will order the fajitas with just veggies.  

Overall, though, the service was very good and we were happy to have found a hidden restaurant with some cool vegan options.  :)
Nachos here were a lifesaver when I was drunk. I don't remember anything else except that they were tasty. I also remember the salsa here was pretty good!

Hm. Don't recall anything else.... sorry for not a super useful review!
I really enjoyed Hussong's for lunch. Good tex-mex, similar to what you'd find in the Southwest where they actually do tex-mex well. Anyway, it's a yummy place to stop for chips, guac, and margs while shopping at Mandalay Bay.

The restaurant did not have a lot of frills, rather basic decor, but the food is very good. I had chips and guacamole to start, and the chips were perfectly crispy without being greasy. The guacamole was fresh, and well-balanced with heat and acid. I had the fish baja tacos, and they were very good as well. I loved the avocado salsa.

My friend and I also ordered a pitcher of the original margarita. It was fantastic. No sour mix!! Just tequila (and a lot of it), agave, and freshly squeezed lime juice. These margaritas are very drinkable, but be forewarned, they do pack a punch. I went back to my hotel room after lunch and proceeded to take a nice long nap.

I highly recommend Hussong's as a fun place to stop for lunch if you're in the mood for good tex-mex.
Appetizers were all awesome! Corn and nachos...mmmm! Chips and salsa were so good we went back the next day! Highly recommend!!
We had our table booked here for months before coming, as we ate here on NYE before heading to the Michael Jackson One show. We mainly booked in advance so that we could eat somewhere on NYE that had a good vegan selection for myself, with plenty of options for the others in my group.

The atmosphere was great, we had great service and the music was good. They had hired a Mariachi band that came around the tables and played tunes on request for tips. We got them to play Folsom Prison Blues by Johnny Cash! They created a great atmosphere and the tune was flawless! Really fun.

The food was great, I had the vegan burrito and everyone else ordered vegetarian/meat dishes. Everyone said their food was tasty and a good portion.

Overall, no complaints! My burrito could have been more 'saucier' but it wasn't essential.

If you're a vegan, or just after some good Mexican food while staying at the Mandalay Bay, head on over to Hussong's!
Not a bad place to come to grab some Mexican food on the strip or if you're staying at any of the south end properties.  

We came on a Friday night and ended up getting a table for 14 with no problem and without a wait.  Mariachis come by and are real personable.  Prices are decent for the strip, but high end just for regular Mexican food.  Suggest getting the coupon book they give in the hotels and getting a discount on your meal.

Service was also great.
Wow...
Food was awesome, service was great!
I had the street tacos, the carnitas were tender and flavorful, my wife had a chicken salad and the chicken was cooked perfectly and seasoned great!  Oh yeah and the margaritas were real good too!
If you haven't been here yet, TRY IT! Almost everything I wanted out of a my food experience (and then some) was at this place. 

How I found it: Restaurant.com 
The Deal: I paid $10 for $25 worth of food. Pretty good deal :)
How it works: You have to spend a min of $50, so you are really paying $30 worth of food. If you don't drink booze, you can get an app, two entrees and a dessert for about $52.00 + tip. So meeting the min isn't hard. 

I had the Mango Guacamole, which I loved but It was REALLY spicy. I was actually almost crying at one point. 

Free Chips/Salsa

Salomon entree. Amazing

A bite of their vegetarian ques. AWESOME!

Dessert Nachos... Meh, skip these. They weren't great. 

The service: Really sweet girl 
The atmosphere: VERY casual. They had a live group of men playing music. 
The food quality: Extremely fresh and it came out quickly despite them being totally busy. It was a great meal! If you dont love Mexican food, still try this place. They also have a vegan menu. Its good for Vegetarians as well.
Always wanted to stop in as I love a good margarita! I was not disappointed with the original - complementary chips and salsa are yummy! Great bartender too!!
Great food, wonderful service.  Didn't have to wait for our meal even though the place was very busy.  If you've ever been to the original Hussong's you'll quickly notice the decor is similar (a lot cleaner of course).  Did I mention the the food was great!
We only ended up here because it had the shortest wait time. These dishes are definitely more tex-mex but that's ok. The flautas were actually surprisingly good. The chicken was extremely moist and had a nice lime cilantro sauce. The portions are huge....so maybe split some items!
Awesome place.  Great margaritas.  Delicious rib eye tacos and the mariachi is worth coming back to visit
OMG! The food was phenomenal! Grilled corn is a must as well as the sopes. If you like spicy, you will have to get the mango habanero guacamole. Tacos were great too. Wonderful experience, great service and good times! An absolute must when you're in vegas!
Good Mexican food, had chimichanga which was huge and full of flavors. Service was average.
Their tortilla chips are the best ever. Great salsa. Guacamole was really good. Fish tacos were very tasty as we're the fajitas. Staff was very friendly. Enjoyed the location very much
Delicious enchiladas! This place is awesome!!! The food quality is so excellent which is hard to find in Vegas in this price point.  Margaritas are super fabulous and the atmosphere is very festive.  A winner!!!
This is your 'Mexican food' place if you go to Chili's for a steak (nobody would do that) !  Stop fooling the tourists by telling them this is authentic Mexican food. Oh yeah... way over priced, even for the strip... I had to give this review a star rating in order to post but I want to take it back.
Hussong's, I love you! Thanks for all the fabulous vegan options. You ROCK! Gardein and Daiya products... awesome! Your mountain of nachos was my favorite meal during my week in Vegas.
I love Mexican food!  I love Hussongs Cantina, in Mexico. This was lame attempt at both. Food is over priced and a gringo version. Save your money and go to Taco Bell. Of course if you think of Taco Bell when you think of Mexican food you'll love this place too.
Great bar service here at Hussong's Cantina. Our bartender was friendly and explained the tequila menu, even bringing out the extra stuff. I love a margarita that isn't made with a pre-made mix and Hussong's brought it out just the way I love it. It felt like a true Mexican margarita. The chips and salsa were quite good, but the guacamole was over the top with onions. If you love onions - go for it. If you don't... skip it. The guy next to us didn't speak English and the bartender found a translator for him. Great service - I wouldn't hesitate to return.
You had me at margarita.

Claiming to be the first US outpost of Hussong's Cantina of Ensenada, Mexico, which in turn boastfully claims to be the originator of the margarita, how could you walk past this place?

We were in the middle of some hardcore Vegas shopping and stopped for a quick bite to eat to recharge our internal batteries.

Hussong's offers a very relaxed interior, decorated with an obvious nod to Cinco De Mayo with an abundance of skulls that are quirky rather than morbid, the bar staff were warm and friendly, service was fast without being rushed and speaking as someone who normally opts for a booth I'm happy to advise that the bar stools are surprisingly comfortable.

While there we tried the following:
Baja Style Ceviche: excellently executed appetizer, zingy and refreshing.
Stacked Quesadillas: generously filled appetizer, tasty and packed with flavour.
Margarita's: I'll admit, it was me knocking back these beauties as The Hublet isn't really a cocktail guy.  There were very, very good and the more I drank the better they got.  Weird huh.

Great stop for a quick, tasty bite to eat and a must try if you like margaritas.  If their entrees are as good as their appetizers you'll be fine.
Great service and the salsa is soo good I had the steak fajitas and my lady had the carne asada we both loved our entree.  The roasted corn on the cob was also very delicious and the service was top notch.  I was skeptical at first but I am going to come back just for that one salsa it was so good they know which one.
While wandering through the Shoppes at Mandalay Bay, I stopped into Lush for a few products, which my husband knew could take an hour (LOVE Lush).  While he waited, he stopped into Hussong's across the mall, and it couldn't have been a happier accident!  After finishing up shopping, I met him for the tail end of happy hour - half price drafts and half price nachos - amazing.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was dry witted and friendly, and we also saw him concoct some super strong margaritas!

The chicken nachos themselves were something that I'm going to be fantasizing about for months to come.  The chips were thick, the chicken was well seasoned, and the toppings were perfectly distributed across the platter.  We consider ourselves Mexican food aficionados, and these were the Holy Grail of nachos.  

A few friends met us the next day and we convinced them to come back for lunch, and everyone was very satisfied!  This time we split the mango habanero guac and the ribeye tacos at the suggestion of our previous bartender and were very impressed.  

Definitely a great place for happy hour and to watch a game!  This will be on our Vegas list next time we're back!
Decided on Mexican for lunch today while shopping and playing tourist here in Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay!  We were seated right away and the shortly our waitress brought us complimentary chips and salsa...nice!  Ordered a margarita which was good, but considering that they say they are the home of the original margarita I kind of expected a better margarita!  Not a deal breaker though.  For lunch hubby and myself both ordered chicken enchiladas that came with rice and beans.  I must say that the enchiladas were pretty tasty.  However, the rice and beans could have very well been left off my plate....me no likey!  Service was subpar.  Our waitress seemed very overwhelmed and pushy.  Overall, I would consider returning but it wouldn't be my first or even second when it comes to Mexican food!
Had dinner at Hussongs during our last vegas trip. Food was great!! We ate free chips and salsa and washed it down with one of the strongest margaritas ive ever had. I ordered the steak tacos, which were a tad on the greasy side, but still delicious. The best thing was the ticket times-- took no more than 20 mins from the time we sat down to the time we were paying the check.
Tried vegan menu. The fajitas the enchiladas and the chili relleño. All of it was great. Haven't had fajitas in forever, but the gardein chicken and beef was great. They explained everything vegan very well and while they didn't have a vegan dessert they suggested a nearby Italian place that did. 

Nice to have edible vegan options at a reasonable price on the strip without resorting to salads. 

Great job David our waiter.
This place was mediocre..no complaints really but nothing really wowed me to come back..
This is a great option to Border Grill at Mandalay Bay. The food was decent and the prices were a bit lower than other places. It's a casual atmosphere with friendly service. I would surely go again for quick and cheap eats.
Hussong's Cantina was a good way to start our Vegas stay. Our food was good and some additional positives include the unlimited chips and salsa and the prices (considering most restaurants in Vegas outside fast food can be pricey). We did find the service to be mediocre, and we were told a 25 minute wait whenever there were clearly tables available all over the restaurant. Overall, it was a good experience with tasty food. However, I do not think I would go out of my way to eat here on my next Vegas visit, but good if nearby.
I go here for lunch almost Everytime I'm in Vegas and it is consistently good.  The corn: amazing. Ceviche is pretty good, but I found the need to add a good amount of salt. Service is on point though, always very attentive and friendly. Will always look forward to their chips and salsa after day drinking ;)
So sad we discovered this place on our last night in Vegas. Great food & drinks and excellent service! Jonathan is such a great bartender! We'll definitely be back on our next trip!
Love Hussongs! Great margaritas. Bartenders are always friendly. The salsa isn't hot, but if you ask for some hot salsa, they'll bring you Chipotle sauce that's delicious. Mango guacamole is delicious. We have had the Carne asada, chicken, and carnitas tacos....all are delicious. We love getting our taco fix here. Yum!
Just get the big ass margarita glass and thank me later. 

Really good food, and surprisingly one of the best margaritas I've had in a LONG time. I guess it shouldn't be too surprising as they have margarita history and whatnot all over their menu, but WELL DONE.

I also have to say, the service was AWESOME. Ill be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Our waiter Dave is awesome!! Loved the corn appetizer. Chips are much better this time.  Shrimp fajitas,  yum!
The Dome is made up of three different restaurants, and they're all so different I thought the Garden Café definitely deserved its own review.

Slotted in on Rose Street, at the back of the huge and imposing columned Dome buiding, this gorgeous little city-centre oasis is the perfect place to rest your shopping-weary feet and have a tasty lunch. It's only open from april to early september, and although it's tucked down a narrow street this place is a great little suntrap.

You can get wraps, salads, soups, burgers, that sort of thing here - not a full á la carte lunch, but the portions are fairly generous so you'll only need one course.

The service was ok, but our waiter didn't even bother to bring us our change back. We had been planning to leave it as a tip for him, but we thought it was a bit cheeky of him just to assume, especially when service is already included in the prices. For a salad and a soft drink you'll spend just over £10 a head, which makes it slightly pricier than a lot of other lunchtime cafés nearby, but this setting is just so gorgeous I'd happily pay the difference.
The Dome is just a wonderful place to go to in Edinburgh. It really is special, and  is something tourists have to see.
The dome Garden Cafe always looks wonderful too. It is in a great location, on Rose Street but down a few steps so it's in its own little world. It's always busy too, despite being al fresco. 
I totally agree with Fiona, it really is an oasis! Because it is down some steps it is in its own little cul-de-sac, avoiding the wind yet trapping the sun. If it rains they have a lovely cover too. It's a great place!

The food is really good, if a little pricey. They offer lovely lunchtime sandwiches or salads, and have a bigger menu if you fancy. Their chicken salad is my favourite.
Simple -- the food was okay, the location was okay, but the service was some of the worst we experienced over the course of 12 days here.  We were essentially forgotten.

If you want to sit back and relax all afternoon, this might be okay.  Though it's noisy since they pack so many tables in there.

If you want a quick meal, look elsewhere.
Jessica got it in one, this place isn't for a relaxing afternoon. If only people didn't exist. And on that point, it's like waiters don't exist in this place. We waited 20 minutes to get served. It was a Saturday afternoon but they could at least got the drinks orders in. When the food finally came (45 minutes) it was great.

Worth the wait, not sure.
Best Pizza I've so far eaten in Edinburgh. It is at least 5 times better than La Favorita's or Origano's pizzas. The funny thing is, they don't even market themselves on the awesomeness of their pizzas. 

Recommended: Gorgonzola mushroom balsamic pizza.
Great Deli. Boars head meats and cheeses. Nice thick sandwiches. Man size portions. I love the turkey, swiss, slaw and russian on rye. Wine selection is great too. These gentlemen take their food and wine seriously. I can appreciate that.
I was really hoping for a nice little liquor and wine shop that would save me a trip to Total Wine on occasion. 

What I found was a small store that isn't as stocked as the local Smith's store. And the prices at Smith's are much better. 

What is interesting is this store has a website that shows rows of shelves stocked full of a variety of liquors and spirits. They must have used pictures from somewhere else because this place didn't have a fraction of the pictured bottles. And the bottles they did have were some of the most expensive retail prices I've seen in a long while. 

To be fair, I didn't try any of their deli sandwiches. But I was on the way home and keep telling myself I'd stop in one day. And when I finally do, I'm sorry I did. I'd even go to a Lee's before I'd go back here. And I've sworn off the crappy service and deceptive pricing practices of them for good. I definitely will not be stopping back here again.
I like the Boar's Head deli inside this store.
I have stopped in to buy some quick necessities (usually booze).
Convenient location, and beats running in to a grocery store just for beer/wine, but the alcohol prices are a little high.
Well, I've been here 3 times and I feel as though I've gained enough knowledge about the place to give a good and thorough review.  I've gotta say they have quality ingredients, and that makes for some very tasty deli food.  I've tried the sandwiches twice. Both times, the amount of oil/vinegar made for a slightly messy sandwich when I unwrapped it.  They were still very good sandwiches and perfect if you want a sandwich for lunch, but have had enough of the same old Subway and Port of Subs sandwiches.  

The best thing I've had is the pizza.  The dough, pizza sauce, and cheese alone make for an incredible pizza.  It wasn't greasy and tasted like a quality homemade pizza.  I will most certainty be ordering pizza from here again in the near future.  Honestly the best pizza I've had since I've been in Vegas (4.5 years).  

The reasons I cannot give 5 stars are as follows: Sometimes, the people working there, seem as though they don't know themselves what is on the menu.  This hasn't kept them from getting the order right though, so it's not that big of a deal.  The amount of toppings on the pizza was slightly lacking.  They were quality toppings, but I think they just need to be slightly more generous.  Finally, the prices are slightly too high.  I would say that if they lowered they're prices by 10%, I would be eating here almost every other day.  Their alcohol also seems a bit overpriced.  I worry that this will hurt them from being a successful business and I will lose what has now become my favorite pizza joint.
I eat here for lunch at least three times a week.  Since  have mentioned it to my co-workers, I have half my dealership getting sandw. from this place.  By far the best quality italian sub I've had since Fontano's in Chicago.  Trust me the deli is excellent!
I got a Groupon for this place...  It's so good!  I've had the meatball sub and it was amazing...  Just eat it before it gets soggy!  The server recommended it.  Also they have a sandwich card and you get a stamp for every sandwich you get.  Get 10 stamps and get a free regular sized sub.  

And how could I forget about the pizza...  It is so good.  Really!  You gotta try it.  So much flavor!
1 star at best, but it really only deserves 1/2. I used a groupon to try this place out since I wasn't sure it would be good and I am glad I did because it wasn't worth my money. I had a meatball hero and my hubby had the Classic Italian sub. The meatball was cold, soggy, the meatballs looked undercooked and overall flavorless. Nothing special. The meatball sub at Firehouse is WAY better. It's great that they have Boar's Head meat, but they missing pizazz to make them stick out from all the other sub shops. I did not try their pizza so I don't know if its any good. The store is basically a convenience liquor store with a Boar's Head Deli that also makes pizza. A weird combo if you ask me. I felt like I was in a gas station. I won't be back.
The sandwich shop part is awesome! It is also a great place that price matches the large grocery stores on liquor. Friendly and fast on call in orders.
I stop in because I love sandwiches, and I am on a quest to find a good deli here in Vegas.  House of Vino is off the Strip a little hidden gem, and they sell these mouth watering deli sandwiches with fresh cut meats and cheeses and all the fresh sides you could put on a sandwich.  Along with their deli they have a huge selection of wine from all over as well as other alcohol.  But if your looking for a great deli- you found it here!
So this is another little neighborhood spot I like to visit. I come here regularly to grab one of their sandwiches. They have a good group of sandwiches with fresh mozzarella , meats, marinated peppers, etc. Just good stuff I tell ya.

The pizza? Avoid em if you're looking for killer pizza. It is not bud but he dough is pre-baked so its nothin fancy.

As for the rest of the store? It's a little overpriced corner liquor store..what do you expect?


You gotta get in there for a sandwich..good little spot for something different.
Been going here since I found out about it. Great deli. Good selection of beer and great service. I'd rather go here than Capriotti's.
This place sucks. Way over priced on everything. Any wine or stiff drinks can be found at Albertsons  just up the street way cheaper. The sandwiches have nothing on  capriotti's a few miles away. At best House of Vino is a 7-11 with out the gas.
Great place to pick up some beverages and a specialty pizza or Boar's Head deli meat.
A hole in the wall deli...hiding in a liquor shop...that resembles a 7-11!

These sandwiches were delicious, and the deli meats are cut fresh to order!  The sandwich bread is very soft and flavorful....actually surprisingly good here!  Pic of the sandwiches :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/house-of-vino-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#WahTzCO8IAWnK2FxiUI8eA

The portions are decent, "large" size was about 8-9in, and the meats and cheeses were plentiful and yummy. The prices were a little on the high end though, around $9-10 a pop.  Especially taking into consideration of the location, I feel like they were a bit overpriced.

I walked around the store area while I was waiting, and it seemed like their liquor and wine as also spendy.  I didn't expect Lees/Total prices, but was hoping for grocery store prices, and it was still higher than that.

Overall, this is a decent spot to hit if you are on this side of town, far NW on Durango near Grand Teton, but I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it.
This place was strange. But good. Read on...

We got a groupon, $10 for $20, and thought, 'why not'? Well, they advertised pizzas, but didn't have any that particular day. So we got sandwiches. It only took the little old sandwich chef 20 minutes to make two sandwiches. And we were the only people in the store. 

The prices were a bit hefty. If not for the groupon they would've been way outside of our budget. And once you get them there is not place to sit. We ate ours in the hot, hot, hot car sitting outside of the Taco Bell next door.

But I gotta say, despite the wait and price, the sandwiches were very, very good. I got the Godfather. 11.99 for a large, but filled with prosciutto, mortadella, capicola, salami, provalone, veggies, etc. It was gooooood. Almost a little to rich, all those crazy meats. A word to the wise, make sure the dressing comes on the side, or else the bread gets soggy fast.
Sarie got the Cali club with turkey avocado and Swiss; 8.99 for a large. It was good as well. Put the mustard on the side.

Now these sandwiched weren't really all that large, but they were as dense as a collapsing supernova. My goodness, the little old sandwich chef must've but these babies in a headlock then done an atomic Indian rug burn to twist and roll all that meat into the size it was. And of that, I am a fan. 

I will get another groupon and go back, but now I know to bring it home lest the Manager at Taco Bell calls the cops on us. 

Or maybe House of Vino could spring for a table and chairs and umbrella??? Or maybe I'll just bring my own, dammit!
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.  They use a great product, Boar's Head meats for their sandwiches.  The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).  This place left my wallet empty and wanting more sandwich and value for my dollar.  I DO NOT recommend.
love the sandwiches!
bit pricey but i would rather pay a bit for good food then regret wasting any money on something that was horrible! & its in the same shopping center as my job!
Very expensive liquor and a horrible wine selection. A bottle of good vodka or cognac is easily $10 or more per bottle.  Before ownership changed the wine selection was OK now it's comparable to 7-11. I hear the food is good however.  Smh
I went to redeem my 10 for 20 only to find out that what I ordered was only 11.99 and I would lose the rest of my coupon. Tried to order a small sandwich on the menu but that is no longer an option. 

I was offered meat as a substitute because they refused to cut a whole roll in half for my 5 year old daughter so she could get a small. 

I feel totally jerked around and will not purchase another coupon or eat at this establish again. All they wanted was for me to buy more than I wanted or needed and pay additional money. 

Learned another valuable lesson.
Sandwiches in this place are deliciouse, yes a little on the expensive side but worth it.....   Mondays and Fridays are two for one days....

I go in once a week or so, order a sandwich or two and play video poker while I wait. (And yes the other reviews are correct, it takes a bit to make the sandwiches but worth it)   The video poker machines are good. Sometimes I win lunch, sometimes lunch costs me $60.    

The staff is good, they remember faces and appreciate return customers. 

I will continue to go there over subway for my sandwiches and hopefully one of there days hit four of a kind.....  Oh and yes, there whiskey prices are a little higher than Albertsons but I would rather give a little more money to a family business than a big company.....
This place is awesome! Great staff and some of the best subs I've ever had! They also use Boar's Head deli meats, and some of the freshest ingredients!

Also: -Monday/Tuesday they have buy one get one free deal for the subs. 
-Friday is the buy one get one half off
-Any other day you can use the $10 dollar Yelp coupon worth $20 towards the subs (basically like their Monday/Tuesday deal of a buy one get one free)

The lady working there (think she was the owner) was super courteous and friendly! She also took the buy one get one free Yelp coupon without me having to print it! Thank you again, and I will be back at least once a week!
This little place is a gem! The Boars Head deli is fabulous! Bea will always help you pick out a wonderful wine based on what you're looking for. They have fun wine and beer tasting and several convenience items such as TP and snack food and ice. Love this place!
This place is God's gift to us. Real food. Healthy. Sinful & worth it. It was so good I forgot to take pictures. This place was hiding from me. So glad & thankful I found it. Try some of everything it's all good u won't be disappointed.
My wife and I are from PHILLY and when it comes to sandwiches, we know what good is. This establishment makes a 5 star sandwich, hoagie, sub or whatever else you want to call it.  They pack the roll with top quality meats and cheeses that are so yummy you can't stop eating, even when your stuffed. The portions are more than ample. A large sandwich is plenty for two people. 

As an added bonus, if you purchase the yelp coupon for $10 and spend $20 or more you receive $10 off the bill. (I assume this refers to sandwiches, only). In any event, offering 50 per cent off is a major sacrifice for a small business. Especially in this inflationary market. 

For us, it was a win, win situation. and we felt it was only right to return their generosity by spending a little extra and TIPPING the nice lady who made the sandwiches. 

BTW, while I was waiting for my sandwich the board of health inspected the place and replaced their already existing A-rated cert with a more current A-rated cert. 

If you can recognize a good deal and appreciate an immaculate eatery with high quality deli meat, and large portions I highly recommend the House of Vino.
This place is is tucked away in a tiny little strip mall off of Warm Springs near Tenaya. The strip mall is almost vacant, save one other place (a Korean restaurant?). The area is still underdeveloped and so Brentwood doesn't get very much traffic. I think since it's so slow, they're only open til 2a. Kinda lame, but I see why. I'm sure if business picks up (and the area develops), they'll extend their hours, but I think that's a long way off. 

This isn't necessarily a bad thing. If you go on a week day, it's pretty uncrowded. They've only been open a couple of months so no one really knows about it. It's a place to go and talk with your company; not shout over ambient ruckus. It's a place to go and chillax; not people watch. 

The bar can be completely closed off from the restaurant side (in accordance with Las Vegas restaurant and smoking laws ... hooray). 

The women's bathroom stalls are shallow. Shallow like, walk in the stall and konk, hit your knee on the toilet. And there are no toilet seat liners in the last stall, but not the first two stalls (my friend is a germaphobe). 

The deco of the place is weird. It's definitely desert practical, but still has this weird austerity. 

When you first walk in the foyer, you can go one of three ways: the bar, the restaurant, the bathroom. It's kind of like entering a business office building. 

The bar side has a huge bar with video poker and also tables surrounding the bar, mostly 4-tops and half booths. 

Of the three evenings I've been there, I've never seen anyone on the restaurant side. 

There's also a dog-friendly patio outside. Neat. Totally trying to accomodate people that just want to have a cold one with their dog. I get it. 

Their menu is typical bar fare. I've only ever tried their spinach dip, $8. Nothing bad, nothing exceptional. Oh, the menu has no desserts. Booooooo. And hiss. BUT my accommodating bartender said there was some ice cream in the kitchen and he could whip something up for me. Hm. Ice cream and Bailey's? Perhaps next time. 

They have Kona Longboard on tap and ... some other stuff. 

I think the major selling point about Brentwood is their friendly staff. Granted, they're new and still have a while to go before they're all jaded and broken, but for now they are swell. I've had the privilege of being served by Huckleberry and Dustin. Huckleberry is a friendly bartender. Friendly to the point where he was whoring out shots. Look for the guy with the Moe (from the Simpsons) tattoo. Dustin was more low key and I found myself missing Huckleberry. But then as the bar emptied, Dustin warmed up a little more and really took the time and care to get us hammered. Such a sweetheart. We also met the two bartenders that just finished their shift, Jen and Lisa, with the nice boobies. Friendly. 

I'll be back.
I would give service 5 stars! Great customer service.

But I only give the restaurant and food 2 stars. Like how the place is decorated. Feels very comfy in there. Just needs some art up on the walls. But the food was no good! Took very long for our food. There was only 2 other parties in the restaurant. I ordered a California Turkey sandwich. They forgot the avocado and put way too many chiles on the sandwich. I could of made a better one at home. My husband had a parm chicken sandwich and the chicken was burnt and over cooked. The chicken was also flat and way too thin. The chicken sandwich cost $12! Way over priced. We could come back if the quality of the food was better and not over price. Never even saw a manger. They did take the chicken sandwich off the bill but the manager never came over and talked to us. Poor management. I have worked in restaurants for years and know what kind of service restaurants should give.
Been to Brentwood twice before; this was my third time going there for a late dinner. The first time I went it was closed because we stopped by after 2 a.m., but this was six months ago, when they used to close early (for Vegas, that is). I went again last night and I was happy to see they are open 24 hours now, as a place like theirs should be.

The place is a little bit off the beaten path on the corner of Warm Springs and Tenaya. Unless you live or work in the area, it's not that easy to find. Once you do find it, it's a nice little spot to have something to nibble on or drink some cocktails. It's definitely nicer than some of the other places in Vegas that are similar (PT's, BJ's, etc.). They also have an outdoor patio area to sit at when the weather is nicer. 

I have never been to Brentwood during the day. I think of this place more appropriate to visit during the evening for some reason, either to unwind after work or even to bring someone for a date. They do serve breakfast all day, as well as a nice variety of lunch and dinner entrees, and the portions are a nice size. The second time I was there I had a nice Screwdriver to drink. The bartenders are always smiling and joking with the clientele, so it's obvious the staff love working there, unlike other places where it's dead as a doornail and the staff are only there for a paycheck.

Although the main dining area was open, no one was sitting there. There were a few people at the bar, but we chose to eat along the booths near the wall. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive; we didn't wait long for our food at all. If I lived closer I would go there all the time. Recommended for anyone who wants a good, casual neighborhood place to eat or drink at that has an air of class about it.
Hidden Gem.

She's an awesome spot to watch a game and throw back a few drinks. Decor is modernized.

We came in here during the football season and they had an awesome special, 24oz (or more, can't remember) beer, chicken pesto sandwich & fries for $10!!! Sandwich is full of flavor and the beer is served in a goblet so the price is well worth it.

Our bartender was great! Service was awesome, love this place!
Great place!
Pretty delicious!

We went here on a Friday night a few weeks ago and it was a nice experience.  Decor is nice and subdued - very warm and inviting.  Not your typical video poker bar with restaurant added as an afterthought at all.  Hubby got a ribeye, son got shrimp scampi and feeling a little under the weather, I got a veggie omlette (I forgot the official name of it on the menu) and hot tea.

I loved how they brought out a huge selection organic tea for me to choose from with a big teapot full of perfectly hot (and delicious - not from tap) water.

Hubby and son were extremely pleased with their entrees - I think I made a slight mistake ordering breakfast at night though - the eggs were on the rubbery side but the ingredients and cheese on the inside were definitely on point and the delicious potatoes with the omlette were amazing.  I think it just sat out a little too long while waiting for the other entrees to finish.  

It actually took awhile for me to order - lots of delicious (and healthy / organic) items to choose from.  It will be so nice to bring our vegetarian daughter back and have options for her to choose from besides salad.

The server was very friendly and was nice enough to place my husbands grilled asparagus on the side just because I mentioned that it sounded delicious when he declined it so I could feast on it !  I loved how grilled asparagus was a side instead of the normal frozen vegetable medly that normally gets served at restaurants like this.  I believe I may have had the server mentioned below - I am glad I did not read that review first because she was very pleasant, accomodating and prompt without being overbearing - a nice balance.  I would much rather have friendly and slower than fast and grouchy.

We are definitely coming back - some of the pizzas that were coming out of their wood pizza oven looked heavenly.  Next time though I will save my veggie omlette ordering for breakfast time...
Best Tavern in Town

We usually go here for the breakfast.  They have the best pancakes in town, bar none.  Last night we tried the Happy Hour.  Great selection of draft beer (fat tire, newcastle).  I ordered the sliders and my wife orderd the brenwood pizza.  All I can say is this is our new happy hour place.  The beer was ice cold,  the sliders are superb,  the pizza is great also.  Kara, our waitress was the best.  We got there a minute after Happy Hour was over and she still gave us the Happy Hour prices.  Oh, I almost forgot, it's a dog friendly place.  Thank you Brentwood for great service and great food.
I hate to give this place a bad review because the service was really good!  the food on the other hand, can be better.... didn't seem to be to busy, but  it's in a hidden location and not visible on the major streets.  

i'm not going to speak for lunch or dinner options.. but we came in for brunch and my son, husband, my daughter, and myself ordered breakfast... and have had better.  i've made better...  

on a brighter note, the presentation of the caramel banana pancakes was nice.  

again, the service was friendly.... kinda slow in the kitchen... but, can't complain... our meal was on behalf of a gift certificate we won at a school function... 

glad we were able to try it!
Honestly, I didn't have a good feeling once we tried to order and found they didn't have a few different things (Coriss cross fries listed on the menu, Greek dressing for their Greek salad), but our experience in the end was actually quite positive. I ordered the Greek Salad and it was quite good. I had the balsamic dressing since they didn't have the Greek dressing and honestly, I never would have known that this wasn't the normal dressing. My daughters both ordered different chicken sandwiches and they both liked what they ordered. The onion rings that came with my oldest daughter's sandwich were really good. There was an issue with my oldest daughter's meal when it first came out, but they fixed the problem and it worked out fine. 

Bottom line is that the food is decent, but at the end of the day our server made it a good experience even though we were off to a rocky start. I hate it when I forgot to get names so I will describe her. She was blond with should length hair and maybe in her 30's or early 40's. (sorry if I a wrong). She was the only server at the time we came because it was in between lunch and dinner. I hope the manager knows who I am speaking of so they can thank her for offering such great service. This could easily have been a two star review if not for her.
Good stuff here!  Personally I think much better than your average bar food establishment (IE PT's)!

My networking group meets here twice a month and every time I have a good experience.  Service 5 Stars, Food 5 Stars.  Great BURGERS!!

What more can you ask for??  Try it if you haven't been there already!
This place is the hidden gem of Vegas.
Good music. Not too loud.
Even better bartenders.
Woodfire Pizza is SO good.
Excellent food. And never too crowded.
Check it out before you can't find a seat
because this place is going to take off!
Good beers on tap and very good service.  Lot's of food for the price
Had one of their bartenders in my bar and she was a delight. So I decided to return the favor and this place is right down the road, how convenient, since my other fave neighborhood bar went downhill, I've been looking for a new place with GREAT food. It's a regular bar with contemplorary flare. They had an open band night, fun and the other male bartenders were friendly, but didn't really talk to me much, but I didn't mind since I was focussing on my poker! I got the sliders and I loved them, I later brought my husband who is hard to please and decided to get the pesto chicken sandwich which was ok, I wouldn't order it again, not enough bold flavor to me, too bland actually. My husband liked the sliders but thought they could of been more juicy. I love that they have Original Sin Cider among other great beers they offer in a goblet. I will definetly come visit more often!!!
You know how you get really into a band that no one knows about, and you tell everyone about it because you want to support them, and then like a year later they blow up and everyone loves them and there's a little piece of you that's kind of annoyed but you don't know why?

Okay, maybe you don't know that feeling, but if you do, that's how I think Brentwood Cafe might turn out.  I want everyone to realize how awesome this place is.  However, I'm nervous that it will get so busy that I won't want to go there anymore.  Having said that, I'll continue going until it gets nuts.

Anyway, the staff is really friendly.  Always a plus.  The food is really good, and not the typical bar food either.  They have EVERYTHING.  We have been there for breakfast a few times. Omelettes are good.  We also went there for dinner and it was great.  Their guacamole is fresh and yummy. 

The biggest thing that appealed to me were their daily drink specials! Every day they have something awesome.  Ladies night Mondays- $3 martinis, Tuesdays are some sort of $1 Tacos...I know Sundays they have $15 bottomless mimosa and bloody marys! There are other specials, but I forgot exactly.  

Check them out.  I bet you'll be back.  It's such a nice change from indfifferent servers with sub-par food at crappy chain restaurants!
This was a pleasant surprise! I got a Living Social deal and it was nearby. Reviews here seemed decent, so why not?
Most everything is made from scratch. The blue cheese salad dressing was second only to my own homemade blue cheese dressing...and it's even possible it might be as good as mine.
BF's chili was excellent.
My chicken marsala was a bit rich for me but it was still very decent.
Great service.
I'd definitely go back again.
Edit: I've been back and this place was dead as a doornail. I don't get it. There should be lines around the corner. I think it's a bit out of the way and I know I had a hard time remembering the name of the place so maybe that doesn't help.

The food here is the best bar food in town. It would be a sad day if Vegas lost such a great family restaurant. I'm taking it to 5 stars as a "best in class" because it has great prices and great home made food.
Good lunch food - in our group we had the fish sandwich, pepperoni pizza, and a big salad. The ingredients seem quality and the prices are excellent. Plus extra points because they have a couple good entree salads. 
Happy hour prices are super duper cheap - like $2 beers, $3 wells.
Only went to meet the hubs for lunch because it's near his work. Won't likely be back for the weekend scene, but it sounds interesting.
We love Dollar Taco Tuesdays!  okay...my hubby likes them because they are ground beef; if they had chicken tacos for 2 bucks, I probably would partake.  What else is good is a cup of the chicken tortilla soup!  Along with the plentiful chicken, are chunks of avocado and a kick of some hot spice.
I also had the homemade tiramisu dessert which was the best I have had in a long time.
The waiter was very customer service oriented.
Yes, we will be back!
This was my first visit to Brentwood Cafe. Stopped in yesterday morning for breakfast. The interior is beautiful. I loved all the wood. The booths were so comfortable. 
We were greeted right away. The servers were so nice and very attentive. 
We ordered breakfast, the BF ordered the pancakes, they are huge. They were delicious perfectly cooked. 
I ordered an omelet wit the Tenaya potatoes. it was great. Perfectly done. 
We will go back and try the dinner. 
We enjoyed everything about this place. Felt very comfortable here.
Their bar food is incredible! Enough said! Decent beer prices and wow the food was great. 

Coconut shrimp actually tastes like it has coconut and the sauce is great.
Philly was flavorful, the pizza was decent. Oh man if this becomes my new watering hole, I might be in trouble because the food is just that good. Plus they have interesting nights like Karaoke & Taco nights.
Terrible service. The chicken Marseille was overly drenched with sauce and overwhelming. Also the philly cheese was sub par with very little meat. However, Randell was very helpful and personable. Out of 10 people working he was the only
 standout and the place only had 6 guests.
After reading the glowing reviews, I decided to purchase the Groupon and give this place a try. Big mistake.

We went on last Saturday evening around 5:30 and ordered our drinks and appetizer. The waitress (who looks about 13) came to take our order and when my husband ordered the rib eye steak she informed us they ran out of it. (FYI, it's the ONLY steak on the menu.) We decided to come back the next weekend when they would have the rib eye.

Tonight we went and were happy when they said they had rib eye. My husband ordered the steak and and was given a choice of two sauces to go with it. Of course, they were out of the sauce he chose so he was stuck with the other one. I ordered the chicken fettucini alfredo but was told I was not allowed to order it because we were using a Groupon and it's not considered a "dinner entree". Nothing looked too exciting so I settled on the fish and chips. 

Our salads and appetizer (Southwest Egg Rolls) came out and both were tasty. Then came our dinners. At least, I think that's what it was supposed to be. My fish smelled fishy as soon as it was put in front of me.The fries were covered in glistening grease and were overcooked and soggy and when I asked for vinegar was told they "were out of it". (Anyone sensing a theme here?) I had exactly one bite of the fish and it tasted awful and I had exactly one fry. I am not a picky person (I mean it!) but that was the first time in my life that I left a meal basically untouched. My husband said his steak was really fatty but liked the veggies and potatoes.

Please don't waste your money here! The young waitress seemed oblivious to the fact that I hadn't eaten my meal because it was disgusting and when an older server came by and asked me if I liked it I told him no that the fish was bad and the fries were soggy.  He took my plate and that was it. No "I am sorry" or "Can we make something else for you?" Reading the other reviews I would swear that we were at a different restaurant.
It was ok, the beer was in a huge glass!  you needed 2 hands to keep it steady.  Even when it was empty, it was heavy.  The Guacamole and chips were awsome, the chips were right out of the fryer!  We got the ribeye, and veggies, it was good.  It wasn't awsome, I don't think it leaves a memory....After this review, I'm sure I will forget about this place.
The cheese cake wasn't bad at all, we got the rasberry topping on it.
The food is awesome.
Great happy hour, pizzas are good, have tried most, only one didn't care for was goat cheese. Relaxed atmoshpere, nice place to unwind and knock back a few beers after hard day of work! Gonna try breakfast there soon, have seen good reviews.
This place rocks!  Cool, modern decor.  Food is wonderful and at a very fair price.  All of the staff were very warm and kind and attentive.  Will be going back there soon!
Went to Brentwood Cafe for lunch with my husband. Service was ok. The server never introduced herself. She did mention some upcoming promotions at the restaurant which I thought was helpful. Anyway...on to the food review.

My husband and I ordered the same sandwiches, yet I requested the turkey as the protein, and he chose the chicken. The kitchen made the order incorrectly and also put mushrooms on his sandwich when he requested it to be omitted and mine was missing the mushrooms. This type of problem bothers me because the kitchen cant make the food order correct and then it gets brought out without being checked. I decided to eat my sandwich, sans the missing mushrooms, while my hubby's sandwich got sent back. In the end, we had to take his sandwich to go because he ran out of time for his lunch break. Very frustrating. Then my husband calls me from work saying that he found a huge chicken bone in his sandwich while biting into it. Felt bad for him cause he was very hungry and had to take his sandwich all the way to work and ended up finding a bone in it.

Overall, the service was mediocre and the food was ok. Not coming back based on the lousy kitchen service. Honestly, it ruined our lunch.
Great little place off the beaten path.
For a little neighborhood bar, this place has a very upscale vibe.

Nice bar, great patio, and awesome bar food.  The steak salad there is one of the best I've ever had.  

A lunch spot favorite!
Place is legit. Have had dinner and breakfast here and was happy both times. More people should come here and spread the word. The vibe is chill and the staff is somewhat nice, some need a "tip" of smile and be nice
I met a girlfriend Saturday morning for breakfast.  This place is really cute. Lots of stacked stone and comforting hues.  

I was unaware it was a college football bar alumni thing so the loud football on 47 tv's was annoying during my breakfast.  

Regardless, I was pleasantly surprised when my exact order turned out to be on special.  Unfortunately, I did not get the details if this happens every Saturday or what?  2 eggs, choice of bacon or sausage, hashbrowns and toast for $2.79. Crazy!  I upgraded to tenaya potatoes which made it a whopping $3.29.  

It was delicious.  Sausage was excellent.  Eggs cooked to perfection.  Potatoes flavorful.  

The service was a bit shotty.  We ended up getting everything we needed but it also got served with a bit of cranky.  It was slow but we weren't in a hurry so it all worked out fine.  

I've been for breakfats twice now, and I'll go again.
I've been here twice and the food is reminiscent of the stuff you find in the frozen food aisle at Sam's Club.     Not bad, but nothing to get excited about.  Happy  hour is 4-7 and they offer 50% all apps, pizza & drinks. The bartender wasn't sure how to make a bloody mary and they didn't have any worcestershire sauce in the whole restaurant, so she used A1.  The drink ended up tasting like a spicy glass of A1.  Despite Happy Hour's offer of 50% off all well drinks I was charged full price @ $8 because they consider a bloody mary to be a specialty cocktail.

On a second visit the bartender was much better.  Because of my previous experience, I decided to go with a glass of Chardonnay instead of a steak sauce tobasco cocktail.  He rewarded me with generous refills and comped my wine.
The first time I went to Brentwood, I loved it!  The prices are reasonable, the food is amazing (totally recommend the pizza) and they allow pets on the outside terrace while you eat.

The second time I went to Brentwood, the food was just ok and the service was subpar, but that's hardly a reason to stop going, in my book.

The third time I went to Brentwood, I ordered an appetizer of Mozzarella Sticks to share with the person I was with.  After a very long wait, they finally came out, completely overdone and only a shell of fried batter.  Nobody's perfect, so I flagged the waiter, pointed out the food and asked to take them away and not to worry about bringing a replacement.  His response?  "Do I have to take this off your check?"  I just about walked out at that moment.  Excuse me?  Do you have to take something that I didn't eat off of my bill?!  Common sense, please.

I have yet to go back.
I've driven by this place a bunch of times but never stopped in. Glad I finally did. Burger and California sandwich both amazing. Everything from fries to gegitables were fresh and delicious!
Nicely decorated place with great food. Friendly staff and management. Get the burgers - hand-formed patties and buns bought fresh daily from a local Italian bakery.
My boyfriend and I tried this place since he moved to a new place very close to this cafe. We should have bolted for the door at the first bad sign....it was Sunday morning and there was only 2 tables occupied in the whole restaurant. Secondly the place REEKS of old stale smoke.

Lets start off with saying that the breakfast menu leaves much to be desired as listed on the menu. VERY small and poor selection. Even then, don't be fooled by what they have to offer.
My boyfriend ordered steak and eggs. The waitress told him they were out of steak because they sold them all the night before.....okayyy. So then he ordered a waffle. She then proceeded to tell him that they don't have waffles either because the waffle iron had been BROKEN FOR A YEAR!!!!!! He then asked her what they did have so he know what to order, so she said they were also out of steak, pork chops, fruit and a few other items. Another sign that we should have left, but we didn't. 

Okay...so we both ordered french toast (as it seemed that's the only thing they had) and the BF asked to add the pecans on the french toast. LOW AND BEHOLD she comes back and said they didn't have any pecans, but they had walnuts. 

This place was just horrible. It looks really nice and modern from the outside and even on the inside. The food was mediocre and their inventory SUCKED. Management is obviously not taking care of business. I felt bad for the waitress because it wasn't her fault but she was the one that had to deal with it.
This place was pretty dead when we went in. We sat in the restaurant area rather than the bar since they don't allow smoking. 

The mozzarella sticks were pretty good and probably the best part of the meal. I ordered the bbq bacon burger with fries and it was sub-par. The fries were cold and a little soggy so I politely asked the waitress for a new side of fries. The burger wasn't anything special; not bad but not great. My husband ordered the french dip and I didn't care for that either. The bread was a bit stale and the roast beef was really dry, even after dipping it in the auju (sp?) sauce.

Save yourself the mediocre experience and go next door to volcano grille!
Food is great!!!   They do however need more servers!!!  We waited long to order, get food and finally eat, then longer for the bill.
I've been to this place 3 times and it wasn't until the last time that I finally enjoyed my visit. 
I've been there for breakfast, the food was ok, it wasn't anything special or that you couldn't get at any number of places. The service was horrendous! I had to find someone to seat us. We were the only 2 people in the entire place (including the bar) 
I've been there for lunch (in the bar), once again service was not good everything took much longer than it should for a place that at it's busiest while we were there at 10 people. We got a lot of "I'll be right back's" and they never were. We left to do the rest of our drinking some place that would treat us better when they took our money. 
Finally I went for dinner and the experience was much better. The guy who waited on us Casey (?) was great. A little overwhelmed at time but he seemed to be the only one there and the place was actually fairly busy (for once). The food was great and he made sure we understood what we were getting. If the service was like that everytime we went in I know we would go back quite often. 
The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is nice, I guess they have a couple of fire places outside which I hope to take advantage of next time we go!
Went here on a Saturday night with my family for dinner. When the server came to get our drink order, we each asked for water ( there was eight of us) and we also ordered nachos and some other appetizers. She came back with 5 waters and informed us that they were out Tortilla chips. Next we ordered another appetizer. The server came back and told us they were out of that too. My sister ordered a drink and they couldn't make it so she got a chocolate milk that wasn't mixed up.  I ordered a glass of red wine and when i said the name, the server looked at me like I had three heads. I had to explain to the server that the restaurant she worked at served a specific brand of wine and that is what I was asking for. Our server kept disappearing for long periods of time even though there was only one other table of two in the entire place. It took her forever to finally come and take our dinner order. Where we were sitting, we had a view to the kitchen line and a few of our dishes clearly sat under heat lamps for a while. My sisters dish was crispy and dry when it shouldn't have been and my mom's was dry on top and soggy on the bottom. Oh, and they must have been rationing water as well because despite asking twice for refills, we never got them. In short, service sucked, food was alright. Definitely will not be going back.
Good food and Great service..:)
EDIT:4/10/14
Back selling food w a smaller menu. Pizza and artichoke dip still on there though and as amazing as ever. Seems the lady Robin is cook waitress and bartender so be patient if service is slow.

EDIT: 1/11/13 
This place has since closed its restaurant down and only has the bar open, bye bye to the best spinach artichoke dip - *sad face*

I LOVE this place! It's so close to us. The appetizers are the way to go as far as the food - spinach artichoke dip with chips (or bread is okay too) and the chicken wings are amazing! The Alfredo with Fettuccine and chicken is oily and cheesy and delicious as well. And a nod to the Margarita pizza. Casey is the best waiter, super nice and efficient. I really like that you can take your dogs here and eat on the patio. The first times we went here (closer to their opening) they brought out a couple doggy biscuits for the pug. Around Halloween they had a costume contest for dogs and Binkey won! Great appetizers and drinks and a good atmosphere even when it's quiet.
We visited today on a friend's recommendation. The food was excellent, but the service was really disappointing. No one greeted us when we walked in; after a few minutes, someone who appeared to be a cook came out and showed us to our seats. He also got us our drinks. The server took a while to turn up- she was the only server, and had a few other tables, so we just figured she was busy. It turned out that she was just really inattentive. After we finally placed our order, it took about twenty minutes for our food to arrive. The server dropped the food off, and took off without asking if we needed anything else, or offering any condiments. I was irked because I wanted some ketchup or mayo for my fries, so I decided to start with my sandwich and wait til she came back to check on us to ask for it. It took her a really long time to check back, though, because a group came in that appeared to be regulars, and she was busy chatting with them. By the time she did come back, my husband had finished his iced tea, so we asked for a refill and a side of mayo. She said she'd be right back with them, but we never got those items. Meanwhile, the table of regulars got their food very quickly, and had a table laden with condiments. It was incredibly irritating. The server came by with our check, never even mentioning the side of mayo or the refill. She offered a box, which I said yes to. I'm not sure why she bothered, because I never got my box, either. When she came to collect her money from us, we were wrapping my sandwich in a napkin. We got no apology, nor did she offer the box again. We left pretty pissed off, especially because we'd tipped fairly well. It seems that you only get good service here if you are a regular- which is a stupid way to operate, because how can you build new regulars if you treat people badly on their first visit? The food was great, so I'd order take out from this joint, but never again will we go in and sit down.
Disclaimer:  I've only been here for lunch.

My company recently moved to this side of town and Brentwood was really courting our business, so we thought we would try it.

I've been twice and other coworkers have tried it a few times.  I've got to say I have yet to speak to anyone who had a positive experience.  The first time we had a decent waitress and everything was average.  The second time was ridiculously bad.  There were only 2 of us and we both ordered burgers - after waiting 45 minutes(!!) we finally received our burgers.  Both orders were wrong in more than one way.  Its hard to believe the kitchen could make 4+ mistakes on 2 plates when there was only 1 other table of people there - its not like they were slammed.  The other thing that bugged me - they clearly just took my plate back and scraped off what I didn't want and left remnents of it all over the plate.  I HATE that.  Don't be so damn lazy - give me a NEW plate.  At least try to hide the fact that you probably just scraped it off with a fork and hid the evidence with a new slice of cheese.

Their menu is limited but the food would be decent if they actually got it right, or cared what you actually ordered.

This might be fine for dinner when you have plenty of time to wait but for lunch its just not worth it for me. 


Tip to Brentwood:  When people show up at 12:10 with ID badges hanging from their clothes, they're on their lunch break.  They don't have time to wait 45 minutes for a burger when they have to be back to work in an hour.
I went here for the open mic last night (Friday).  Everyone was super nice and friendly.  Down to earth very talented musicians vibe!!!
My sister, father, his mother-in-law and myself had just left a showing of Wicked at the Smith Center and were looking for a place to have a late lunch/early dinner.  I suggested Brentwood since it's never packed and the food is always good.

We got there and I was delightfully surprised to discover that they're currenlty retooling the restaurant and bar to accomodate fans of the Texas Longhorns.  Unfortunately, during this retooling session, the bar was a little sloppy.

The menu was very small, they were limited on drinks and they were streaming the Longhorns game on a slow connection, so it kept freezing up to buffer.

I'll be honest, the only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because despite the remodeoling faults, my food was delicious and I can't wait to see what this place is like when they're settled and everything runs smoothly.
I was very excited when the Brentwood opened because it is stumbling distance from my house, but after my experience here I won't be back.  We sat in the bar area for 10 minutes and were never spoken to.  I'm not sure if it's because we weren't gambling or what?  But after 10 minutes of no service (we timed it), we left.  Big disappointment.
Garbage. We came for drinks and food on a Friday night. This is where it gets good....wait for it....They were inexplicably not serving food...At a restaurant?! Okay fine, I ordered a jack and coke. The coke was stale and flat and poured from a 2 litre! WTF? The bartender suggested I order a pizza?! All of this while the saddest assortment of dads lived out their pathetic rock and roll fantasies via bad (bad!) Covers of easy listening jams from yesteryear.  If you ever find yourself tempted to come here, do yourself a favor and just kill yourself instead.
Never again.  Staff was very rude and seriously felt like they didnt even want to be there!
Great staff.  Love the new menu.  Always friendly.  Like the cigar smoke room .
We held an event here, and it went so well! Laurie was very accommodating, and the food and drinks were fantastic. A few people in our group are gluten free and she made sure the food we ordered was gluten free, even going so far as to research ingredients online.
Overall, the look of the place, the food, the drinks, and the service were all great.
We just moved to the SW, it is stumbling distance to home (behind Sam's Club shopping center). The nicest (and the cleanest, helloooo!) NON-CHAIN neighborhood bar we've been in. 

Had a great dinner during their happy hour while playing the poker machines. Immediately greeted by a the friendly bartender Candace - she was attentive and fun - we had a few questions about the menu, she knew the menu well (AND she can actually talk football - nice!).

I had the tavern salad, my boyfriend had the jalapeno burger. They nailed it. Those beer-battered fries dipped in homemade ranch - amazing - yep I stole a few of his fries and I'm living to tell about it...

FABULOUS!
Brentwood is one of my favorite places to grab a drink with friends!!! The bartenders are so fun and chill. And OMG  the chicken nachos are seriously the best in town!!! The nacho toppings go all the way through so ever chip is covered.... Yum I like crave them!! 

On Saturdays the karaoke is great! Tamara the bartender is so fun, she makes you feel so at home. If my friends and I want chill night away from the strip we always choose Brentwood! Close to home and fun!
Came in on a Saturday night, the bartender was super hott and did great at managing all the people at the bar by herself. 

Do yourself a favor and order the macho nachos. Delicious.
Stopped in on Saturday night for the first time for some karaoke!

I think the place is nice...its very clean, and spacious.  It wasn't busy at all, and service was good.

Karaoke was awesome.  I would highly recommend coming out to sing here...the acoustics in this bar, combined with the KJ's ability to use a mixer (he was very good)...I sounded like a rock star. ;)  I'm a KJ myself, and am very critical of other karaoke hosts, and I was really impressed.  

My complaint is that the drinks were really expensive.  It was close to $10 for a tequila sunrise.  I'm used to really cheap drinks at my normal haunts, so...is $10 standard for a tequila sunrise?  If so, I guess its average, but it just seemed really expensive to me.

I'd recommend coming down on a Saturday night for karaoke...have a drink, sing a song...have some fun.  I'll go back again...probably won't drink too much, but I will go again.
My friends and I love coming in here and Tamara is our favorite bartender! The beer is good along with the coffee. Come hungry because the nachos are to die for! I can also walk home if I need to so that's a plus
This is an excellent restaurants. I have held business networking events and laurie is always helpful and fantastic. This is a great venue for your events.
This place has come a long way. It is clean, friendly and the staff is great. But its always practically empty. Only been to the bar section, however now they have a pet friendly patio. Also it's now opened 24hrs.. I love this place!!
I've been waiting way too long to get my chicken burger.  Told me 6 minutes about 20 minutes ago.  This after they td me 40 mins ago that they were out of steaks.  Omg.  I won't be doing this again.
Stopped in on the way across town, super hungry & found this place!! Awesome burgers & super quick service!!! Ginger makes the biggest and best burgers in town!!!
Came out on Saturday night for another night of karaoke....

The service was incredible, and drinks were cheaper than I remembered them being the last time I was here.

I'd like to try the food next time. :)

Kudos to bartender Ward, for dealing with  my drunken, flirty shenanigans. 

Definitely a fun place to hang out.  I will be back, for sure.
We normally ride by this place several times per week and so my family and I decided to stop in and check it out. The food was actually very good, but their was one point where we were the only people in the dining room. The server was good but service was slow because she was the only one in the whole dining room. I would recommend this place if you want some good food, but don't mind feeling like you don't mind waiting on the service.
OH I love this place. Can't wait for football season. Great food, the gaming, fun bartender, love the atmosphere. Just had the breakfast "junkyard skillet" - seriously good! Terrific neighborhood bar.
Ended up here for lunch a couple days back on complete accident (was looking for a different restaurant) it was lunch time so it was very quiet but it looked like everything had just been remodeled. Bar area was awesome and dining area was very clean and comfortable. 

The food was delicious, I had buffalo wrap and my wife had the bbq chicken salad both of which I would highly recommend. 

You won't be disappointed
I've been coming here for the last month. The new menu is great. The prices are low and reasonable. The service is amazing. Everyone is really helpful and polite. I love the burgers and sliders. Try the jalapeño burger. It's delicious. The dining area is large and clean. 
Never too crowded. The bar area is kind of small but nice as well. I recommend that you come here and enjoy yourself.
I love whisky. And so when WHISKI Rooms opened up on the Mound, and I passed it day on day with all that liquid sunshine beaming out at me, I knew it wouldn't be long before I stopped in here to sample what was on offer.

The boy and I came here for a Friday evening meal. It was a lovely sunny evening and around 7.30 the place was almost full but had a really nice relaxed ambience about it, rather than rushed.

I had a craving for seafood, but didn't fancy the salmon in the mains section so asked if it was possible to have the scallops starter as a main. All they did was double up the portion size, and price, equally but this suited me fine. The boy had the soup and then the burger.

The scallops, served on black pudding, were really quite delicious. The scallops were beautifully cooked and the contrast of the crispy black pudding was just mmm. It looked like a fairly small portion (despite being doubled) - it was 6 scallops in total. But I had it with a side of the seasonal veg and struggled to finish it all. The seasonal veg was also really nicely cooked - shredded cabbage and carrots, neither covered in butter or dried out - just right.

The boy's soup was, I have to say, a little bland. But hey, you win some you lose some. Despite being a creamy soup it just lacked much flavour. His burger was epic, a giant hand-made beast with bacon and a delicious WHISKI sauce and onion relish. As far as burgers go, it was good. The chips, I am told, were a little meh. (The burger + chip combo is an important one.)

Now, the drinks. The cocktail list has a whole page (or more) dedicated to whisky cocktails. Oh yes. My favourite cocktail is a margarita. And what did they have? A whisky-rita. That's right, a margarita made with whisky. It even came in a margarita glass, salt-rimmed. I have to say a margarita with tequila is still better for this combination BUT I really enjoyed it and loved the ingenuinty and cheeky take on it. The whisky sour I had after was one of the better ones I've had in the city too.

You need to ask for the whisky menu itself, as this isn't provided as standard on the table. But when you do be prepared to get those reading glasses out. It's very long, in very small print. I'd guess at least over 100 whiskies. The boy was happy. And the one he ordered, a new Islay one we hadn't tried yet (Aird Bheag) hit the spot nicely.

The staff were really friendly, and the waitress and I had a wee laugh when she came to ask about my order just as I was taking a sample bite of the boys burger, which as I said was epic. Friendly, familiar and down-to-earth but still very attentive.

OH! I forgot to mention the chocolate mousse. A really generous serving, really quite dense and rich which was looovellly although we were both really full from our mains.

I had a really nice evening here for a relaxed post-work dinner. You could definitely rock up here straight after work and enjoy a nice meal without feeling under-dressed but it's also got some class. Due to its location and the fact its called WHISKI, serving whisky, in the capital of Scotland (whisky land) I can tell it's going to be mobbed during August. But it'll be nice to re-claim it as a local in the winter.
Exceptional soup, and great value lunch. We'd heartily recommend a visit. We summed it up: "the Whiski Rooms is a tremendous addition to the Edinburgh lunchtime circuit. We'd recommend you head along soon, to sample their superbly superb soupy soup delights."
I had a great time at the Whiski Rooms. The food served was delicious, very nice surroundings, the menu had a great selection, and the service was also really good. The waiting staff were especially accommodating when we ordered the cheeseboard which comes with crackers-being wheat intolerant I asked if they had anything else I could have with my cheese. They were more than happy to help and brought out a plate of oatcakes for me. I really appreciated that. After our meal we made our way through to the bar next door and had one of the delicious whisky cocktails. All in all, a great night and would definitely recommend!
Great lunchtime Glenfiddich tasting session. A little cramped but wasn't really an issue.
The best ham I've ever tasted. I honestly can't lay enough praise on this restaurant. If you are sightseeing near castle Edinburgh or just enjoying a walk along the royal mile I would consider this a place worth visiting. Order any number of delicious dishes, although I'd recommend the ham haugh, haggis or tomato/basil sandwich and pair your meal with a whiskey taster. Fantastic.
A great atmosphere...
A really good selection...
Horrible service.
Be prepared for a long wait for drinks, just spent 15 minutes waiting for four drinks. We popped in for pre-dinner drinks and whilst the bar area was only mildly busy it took 15 minutes to get our first round of five drinks - the bar staff were standing around chatting rather than getting on with serving drinks. We ordered a second round half an hour before we had to leave for our dinner appointment and eventually had to cancel the order 20 minutes later despite asking after 10 minutes where the drinks were because we were in a rush.

Terrible experience and I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
Wenn man während des Theaterfestivals und dem gleichzeitig stattfindenden Military Tattoos nach Edinburgh kommt, muss man sich nicht wundern, dass die Stadt proppenvoll ist.
Schön ist es dann, ein relativ ruhiges Plätzchen zu finden, um nur mal ein, zwei Guinness zu genießen. Das kann man hier auf jeden Fall. Der Service war freundlich und schnell, die Preise im üblichen Rahmen.
Der Jahreszeit entsprechend bevölkern sehr viele Touristen den Pub, aber soll ich mich beschweren? Bin ja auch einer
With Yelp as our guiding light in all things food and drink this place provides one of the most divided selections of reviews that I've seen on the site. To justify my two meagre stars:

Yay!
- big range of whiskies
- central location
- appealing decor

Nope
- service is so slow
- seriously, haven't they picked up the message - people are WAITING!
- I had a straight whisky, though friends had a cocktail that they failed to finish as it just wasn't very nice, which is something of a failing in a cocktail that you've paid a fair whack for

So, if you're in the city and looking for a drink - particularly an unusual or exclusive whisky - then this is just the place for you, so long as it's just about empty.
I took a friend who was visiting from out of town here for dinner on a Saturday night. We were looking for good food, relaxed atmosphere and we weren't disappointed. We were seated in a little secluded area at the back with a view of the bar where we could enjoy our meal in peace and quiet. The atmosphere was just right, buzzy, busy but not too loud to enjoy a chat. 

Service was great, a warm welcome, friendly chat but no hovering (i see others have mentioned poor service but I can only say we certainly had no complaints). And the most important thing - the food was delicious. I had the Chicken Supreme followed by Creme Brulee while my friend opted for the Steak & Merlot pie with Chocolate Cheesecake for dessert. A nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc - perfect.

I would definitely recommend and will be returning.
It's been a while since my last review. Two years in fact (ouch, how time flies). The first time, I liked the whisky and the burger. Not too shabby.

The most recent time, I had to wait 40 minutes for 2 cocktails, and when I received the cocktail I had two sips and put it down, sorely disappointed.

It was the midst of the Festival. But the bar wasn't busy. It was 'normal busy' not Fringe busy. I also watched the guy make my cocktail, following a recipe book step-by-step. It was just, quite frankly, a sweet, watery, syrupy mess.

For whiskies, well they have whiskies and they're nice. Although when my friend ordered one they had run out. And the suggested replacement - they were also out.

The service was so slow, and not apologetic about it at all. The cocktail wasn't great. And I know of other places to go for a whisky. So I don't see myself heading back here any time soon.
Easily understandable tasting... but probably varies significantly.
Of course since we were in Scotland, we HAD to do a whiskey tasting, and Whiski Rooms did the trick. We dropped in on a busy saturday night, hoping for a little calming effect before our haunted tour, and they made room for us.

Our bartender/server was great- we told him what whisky types we normally like, and he brought out a flight that was similar enough, but that let us try new types of whiskys. Super nice. I cant comment on the food, but, it was definitely a great stop in before our tour!
Very very good food, very happy we stumbled upon this place. If you are passing this place you have to eat here. My only problem with this place is we fou d the service rather slow but the waiting staff were really nuve and helpful. But because the food was so good I didnt mind the wait in the end
I think this is a good place that might suffer a bit from being close to the tourist strip. On a Wednesday night there were two big groups taking up a lot of staff time but we still got pretty good service. 
The meals we had were of surprisingly high quality. We shared a haggis which my Scottish companion assures me was properly and traditionally made. I know what its made of but who cares? It was very tasty. Our fish and steak mains were also very good. We had an excellent bottle of Pinotage and the wine and whisky list looked good. I'd go back.
Tucked away in a very strange little corner in Blackhall you'll find a hidden gem, you could almost call The Suburban Pantry a local general store. 

Stocking a great selection of wine, jams, chutneys and cheese that can be purchased over the counter, its a great accompaniment to the sit in and takeaway hot and cold foods on offer. 

Really friendly and chatty staff who make a mean latte (using Illy Coffee...bonus mark awarded!), this is a place worth stopping by.
As Brad G mentioned, Blackhall is a wierd place. There is a small conglomeration of shops, cafes and pubs at a busy Edinburgh junction. It all feels a little...incongruous. But, there are a few gems in the rough here, and one of them is the Suburban Pantry.  We had a minor SOS going, trying to figure out how to make the Scotland England rugby game from Blackhall, which the charming lady at SP tried to help us figure out. 

The SP looks like a cafe, a deli and a restaurant - I am not sure what it is really. But it does serve some rather pleasant food. I had the cullen skink, which was presented very prettily and was delicious to boot. My sister tucked into cream of tomato soup... for me, it paled in comparison. We also each had the prawn, apple and gin marie rose sandwich. Nice bread, somewhat tasteless sauce though - I did like the idea of combining apple and prawn though - nice idea! All washed down with a nice Chardonnay, what better a way to spend a Saturday afternoon?
This was my second visit to the Suburban Pantry and only my first review, the shame of it. Being out of the town centre, this place has turned in to the office lunch venue to choice for my colleagues. It has a nice bistro like feel to it with lovely wine around the walls and cheese in the display cabinet, which is complimented by its tidy menu. 

The great thing about Suburban Pantry is that their portions are MASSIVE. Expect a moment of disbelief when your plate is placed in front of you while you wonder if all this can be for you? My choice of meal was a steak sandwich with caramelised onions, rocket salad and HUGE potato wedges on the side. I was slightly disappointed that they didn't have any horseradish sauce for the steak but happily settled for some mustard. From then on there was silence, no talking just the sound of contented munching. The meal was delicious though it totally destroyed any kind of afternoon productivity as we all fell in to food comas trying to digest all the yummy food. 

It's obviously a bit out of town for most people but it's well worth a visit if you're passing by.
What a gorgeous business.  Seriously, so much thought has gone into every inch of this space, if nothing else it is an absolute feast for the eyes.

Fortunately, it also serves up some incredibly tasty vittles for your pre-dinner canapes (including the best pate I've ever had!) and a fantastic array of drinks.  The wine even has a handy dandy guide so you know exactly what to expect from what is likely to be a bottle of wine you've never heard of before.  They pride themselves on finding fabulous wine which won't clean out your bank account.  Over and above the wine is the beer selection - as a Californian, I was thrilled to not only find Californian beer here, I actually found CA beer which I hadn't heard of before.  OOh, that's gooooooood.  

In addition to all of this, they also offer great tasting sessions pretty regularly, as well as open evenings where draw in guests with offers of free cocktails and canapes. 

 It's the kind of place that's so cool you kind of want to keep it a secret... oops.
I can't wait to rave to everyone... and their mom, about this place. 

WINE: they have it. i know shit about it... but DAMN did this place make me want to be a wino (pretty sure there's a more delicate way to say wine-lover). there must be 800 bottles of it. all different, all beautiful, all not white zinfindel (my poor mom). 

SPIRITS (literal): If you are looking for that weird bottle of czech vodka that you drank with your hot australian girlfriend in a hostel in 1983  and you want to get it to remind you of that time (or drink to make you forget... because she WAS the one that got away) this place probably has it. 

SPIRIT (metaphorical): So, I might be secretly in love with one of the sommalier's. He had on a Christmas sweater, writes in calligraphy and knows 2 billion notes of what a wine tastes like and he still was cool. Not even a hint of pretentiousness. What a man! 

VIBE: This place was hip, to say the least. But hip in a "look how hip this place is? crazy, right?" Just every angle was cool looking. The only thing missing was a murder mystery (because do you know how often people get murdered over wine cellars? A LOT... if TV is right). 

VIBE DOWNSTAIRS: This was a little bit of heaven in a basement. The tasting rooms, well first you get to hang out in a "cocktail hour" type room that is so warm and inviting. There's a bar, there's a chair, there's a winding staircase. It's like the happiness of waiting for kids to come running downstairs on Christmas morning to open thier gifts. Except... even better cause - no kids. And even better cause - cocktails under the tree. 

The tasting room was the best school ever. And you know how much I love buzzed education! So... this place is 100% hands down the Disney World of my universe right now!
I have to join Steph in raving about the Bon Vivant's Companion. They stocked the brandy I'd been searching town for, they kept it for me till I could go in, and then - lovely people - let me leave my heavy bags-of-booze* there while I did my Christmas shopping.

And, ahem, they were charming when I went back and decided to change the wine I'd bought. Top marks for customer service while dealing with a daft customer. 

Really, it's a great place, Everyone who works there is funny and lovely, they stock a huge range of stuff (and it's not all expensive things, either) and you should go there, tonight. 

*It's Christmas! It was presents! Well, some of it...
I've joined the raving party as The Bon Vivant's Companion literally made my night after a disappointing meal out. Anchor Steam? In Edinburgh? Snuggled in beside Le Chouffe? Interested in my recommendation to check out Lost Coast (Downtown Brown and Tangerine Wheat Beer.... YUM) to import? Bring these babies in as well as the summer beer from Anchor Steam and you have my heart in your hands. Oh and Zichichi wine too, please. 

When the designated driver more excited about finding beer than eating food, you know you are onto a winner. Hugs to this place, and lots of them!
Despite getting the wellies out, the poncho's purchased and the ark carved for Taste, it was sadly cancelled, so Saturday was spent checking out the great places Edinburgh has to offer. Also, thanks to twitter, I found out that we could still 'taste' as The Bon Vivants Companion and Sipsmith had hastily arranged a tasting in place of the scheduled stand at Loch Meadows...

The Sipsmith tasting was fab and the Summer Cup with its fresh hints of cucumber (which I normally loathe) was a revelation and has ruined Pimms for me due to its superiority. The Sipsmith Gin was also great - even neat and is a new favourite.

Could I be biased about TBVC? Well, as someone who loves the Bon Vivant, I've also checked out TBVC which is also totally fab all of the time and never disappoints which is why all these reviews are all 5 stars. .

Staff really know their stuff - I hate discovering a certain type of wine when I've been travelling to discover, I'll never see it again just because I've returned home and I speak to someone in a Wine Merchants who has no idea and won't offer to do a bit of hunting for me. Not the case at TBVC and even 'Its really rare' won't put them off. 
If you are looking for some of the rarer spirits and great wine, this is the place to come as a first stop instead of trudging round town and getting sore tootsie's. Yes, there is some high end stock but there's also some reasonably priced bottles. It is definitely the place to come for some special occasion wine or a boozy gift :-)

I'm hoping to attend some of the regular tastings held in the basement this year now I'm twitter stalking and at the risk of letting the secret out, this is a great way to find out what is happening here. The guys at the Bon Vivant and Bon Vivant's Companion are great at posting events on twitter, hence attending the last minute Sipsmith tasting. 

TBVC - just awesome and I love it :-)
Thanks for Jenny L for the recommendation to visit the Bon Vivant's Companion! A fabulous shop tucked away out of plain sight, this off licence is stacked to the gunnels with a vast selection of booze. 

I paid a trip to purchase a good bottle of rum, had a ten minute chinwag with one of the sales assistants and was recommended several different options from the myriad of bottles on offer. The one I went for included a gift case, but despite a five minute rummage the guy couldn't find it for me. So I got the bottle gift-wrapped instead and it looked amazing! 

I will definitely be back. A great independent and perfect for presents, something a little bit special or just a decent bottle of plonk to treat yourself with.
I'd been keeping tabs on this place for some months and waiting for them to open, so when we found ourselves out in the area of Tivoli Village and needing a meal, I was pleased to see that Bottles & Burgers had finally arrived. Today, it turns out, was their first official day of opening -- having unofficially kicked things off with some freebie food on the preceding two days. I was even happier after we glanced over the menu and both my picky self and my vegetarian wife found many appealing options.

We decided not to hold back and ordered the "Pearfection" salad to share. We also shared a serve of the beer rings and Helix Fries with our burgers. The wife got a Veg-Out burger and I went with the Block 16 with chipotle aioli.

The first things to arrive were our salads - Before you say "but wait, Michael, didn't you just say you shared a salad" -- the people in the kitchen evidently decided to split our salad into individual bowls (very thoughtful!) so we each had a half sized Pearfection salad, complete with spiced, grilled pears, walnuts, some sort of leafy greens, and a delicious vinaigrette. The salad was really intriguing and made a mockery of my problematic relationship with pears. These were not at all mushy as you'd expect from a pear that's been anywhere near a heat source, but remained crisp and light. The walnuts added some real complexity and I had soon cleaned my bowl.

My burger was cooked just as I had requested and at a mere $9 was, to my mind, an absolute bargain. Yes, sure, you don't get any fries or sides with your burgers here, but at only $4 for the quite outstandingly spiced and cooked Helix Fries, it's still a great deal considering this is easily the best burger I have eaten in five years in the Las Vegas Valley. A few days ago I paid $18 for a "HK Burger" at Fleur at Mandalay Bay, but this burger from B&B knocked that one into a cocked hat - at half the price. The meat was delicious, the aioli added that bit of moisture without turning things into a dripping mess, and the brioche bun was that perfect mixture of freshness and denseness, maintaining its shape throughout the experience. The burger isn't a monster, but it's hardly "slider sized" as some have suggested - think "larger than a Big Mac, but not as big as a double whopper" (and a lot better tasting than both).

The onion rings were good, but I felt they were superfluous to our experience and I probably wouldn't order them again. They tasted good and I appreciated the presentation, but I usually prefer slightly thinner cut rings than these monsters. your view may differ. I think part of my problem was that I just couldn't stop eating the fries!

As this was only their first day of full opening, there were a few understandable glitches. The speciality sodas aren't due in until tomorrow so we couldn't sample those. Also the brownies to be featured in one of the fascinating sounding deserts were also not available at this time. We also had a minor issue where the order didn't print out quite right and our onion rings were delayed - despite all this, the staff handled everything to perfection. No fewer than three managerial types came past and asked us about our experience and our waiter apologised profusely for the glitches and suggested alternatives for unavailable menu items. In a couple of days, when they have ironed everything out, I can see this level of service really turning a trip here into a meal to remember.

Bottles & Burgers is a really great addition to the pretty, but otherwise pretty spartan, Tivoli Village. These are some high-end burgers at a fraction of the price you'd pay at some less impressive Strip locations and the menu offers enough variety and customisation features to keep any burger fan coming back for more.
Burgers and fries were tasty.  French fries do not come with burgers.  Burger arrived on a plate alone and the plate looked bare.  Very odd layout for a restaurant.  There are about six tables that are right by the kitchen.  We were seated at the table across from the kitchen doors.  It was loud and chaotic as all the servers were passing our table within arms reach of us.  We could see in to the kitchen.  The doors leading in to the kitchen are black and had greasy hand prints all over them which was grossing me out as I ate.  The bars sits somewhat out in the middle of the restaurant so the back tables see the back of the bar.  There is an additional beverage/dessert bar that is waste of space.  The women's bathroom feels like an outhouse.  I am willing to pay a buck for a burger but I need a bit more atmosphere.  Went there on the first weekend or second they opened so overstaffed and hectic.  Even the hostesses were confused.  What appeared to be the owner or manager walked around using his cell phone most of the time looking overly anxious.
I went here on a Thursday evening to find this place busy, but disappointing. I found the interior decor very confusing. I felt like I was in a warehouse, very tall ceilings, no wall decorations and concrete floors. We sat at a table and couldn't help but slide around constantly because of the slippery floor and chairs. Also in the middle on the restaurant there is a weird ice cream bar. Not sure who thought putting a 50's diner bar in a contemporary restaurant was a good idea. As for food; it tasted good, but the portions were terribly small. The burger was the size of something you would see in a kids meal and cost $10 without fries. Drinks were also very expensive, $15 for a whiskey and coke. Service was slow, however the bus boy was very helpful. In summary there are many better burger choices in town for a lot less money. The only reason I gave two stars was because it was tasty. I will not be going back.
I was looking forward to eating at this new place, but nothing really wowed me.
The burger was very small, it looked like a slider, the ceasar salad was not impressive, and the lobster roll was blah.the only thing i liked was the Baltimore fries. The truffle fries sucked. I thought maybe the banana split would make feel better, but the bananas were not ripe. All in all save your money and go to yard house, or smash burger.
This just opened about one month ago and is a great burger place. It is nice and airy food is excellent . They also serve salads and have a vegetarian burger. You should try one of their "adult" milkshakes.
Well, I really wanted to like this place...but it was just ok.  I would give it three stars, but the fact that a valet driver almost killed me on the way out really just added to my disappointment in this place, so two stars it is.

Service: We sat in the bar booths.  Our waitress came by right away to take our drink order and wanted to take our food order, but we had barely looked at the menu.  We told her we needed a few minutes to decide, and then she didn't come back for almost 15 minutes!

Food: I very much enjoyed my veggie burger and the order of Baltimore Fries (read: fries smothered in brown gravy).  My husband, however did not enjoy his bacon and bleu burger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came out well done.  No pink at all.  The bacon was burnt and too crispy for a burger.  You could tell the bacon had just been sitting back in the kitchen.  The burgers were $9 and came with a small serving of potato chips, which I thought was a fair price.  The fries, however, were $5 and such a small serving!  Disappointing.  Also disappointing were the drinks.  I ordered their take on an Old Fashioned which didn't resemble an Old Fashioned at all.  It was really basically just a bourbon and ginger.  And it was $10!!  Man, I can go down to the Strip and get a better drink for that price.  This is a burger place!  In a shopping mall!  $10 for a drink?  Oh, and the sliders are $8 for TWO of them.  Are you kidding me?  This place is flat out too expensive.

Setting:  If you sit in the bar booths, be very careful because the bottom of the booths are extremely raw and sharp!  I was wearing skinny jeans and flat, so my ankles were exposed.  At one point my ankle grazed the bottom of the booth and it hurt!  I thought, "Geez, they need to sand down the edges or something."  When I got home, I realized my ankle was still stinging.  I looked down and there was dried blood on my ankle!!  The booth freaking cut me!!

Valet:  When you walk out of the restaurant, it is located right next to the valet parking lot.  As my husband and I were crossing the street, a valet driver came screaming out of the lot like a bat out of hell and literally drove straight toward me, slamming on the brakes and stopping just inches from me.  I am not exaggerating.  I looked at him and cursed at him.  He didn't respond, just slammed on the gas as soon as I stepped out of the way and then he cut off another car.  What a horribe valet driver!  No remorse for almost hitting me or cutting off another vehicle.

Lackluster food/drink and a near death experience left a bad taste in my mouth.  Not sure if I'd go back.
Disappointed. Portions are small, prices are high. I started out with a pomegranate gimlet which had a very good taste, I don't like flavored liqueur, and this was gin and pom juice and lime juice, but I basically paid $10 for juice, same with my second cocktail.  I'm a lightweight so I can tell when there is alcohol or no alcohol in my drinks. For my meal I had the pluck university stuffed which was ground chicken stuffed with mozzarella with a red chili chutney, slaw and a taro bun. Sounds good on paper, right? It fell apart immediately and I had to eat it with a knife and fork, and the chutney was too strong for this "burger". My sweet potato fries were burnt, not edible. The entire table got a different order of fries so we could all try them, the gravy fries were probably the best. 

Our server needed some extra training, we had a table of 7 girls, he acted very scared to approach us, he would drop stuff and run, as if he was nervous to ask if we needed anything else. Not sure if he is new or what, but needs some people skills. The overall con census at the table was this place isn't worth it. If I want a burger I will stick with bachi burger or the burger bar.
Gourmet burgers and sides designed to pair well with wine.  WIN!  Well maybe just "win".

Another case of an unfocused restaurant trying to please everyone.  The decor is cool, retro chic.  They offer retro sodas, drinks, and even "adult" milkshakes.  Great.  The problem, nothing makes these gourmet burgers and fries taste as good as wine.  The food is so wine centric, playing off the natural acidity and refreshing, clean fruit finish  that drinking anything else doesn't work.  If you are a wine lover, this place elevates the humble burger and fries to a new level of enjoyment.

For beef lovers, the double helix stuffed burger is excellent.  A traditional burger stuffed with very flavorful braised short ribs and finished with horseradish.  Juicy, beefy goodness.  For veggie lovers, the quinoa and mushroom burger with charred tomatoes watercress cheddar cheese and an explosively flavorful rosemary aioli is a must try.  Even this hard core carnivore loved it.

The fries, while not the crispiest or fluffiest, come with toppings and dips that make them good eats.  Parmesan with truffle aioli. 

Small selection of fresh but simple salads (the salad of poached pear, fresh mozzarella and candies walnuts on a bed of arugula with the vanilla infused champagne vinaigrette is outstanding; creamy, peppery, tart, sweet and a nice play of textures).

Note:  If you are not enjoying some wine or other calorie laden drink, you will find the portions small.

The local service (as opposed to the [insert adjective] service of the Strip) is quick and friendly.

Very good selection of well priced half bottles.  

Great concept that would benefit from some editing and relocation to the Strip.  Great for wine lovers but not worth the drive for the casual Vegas visitor or those living in Henderson for the food alone.
I came here for a pre-fixe menu for Valentine's Day. It was actually pretty fun.  It's a casual place, don't expect anything fancy.  Diner type tables and decor.

We started out with the cheese and charcuterie plate, which was pretty good.  Nice prosciutto.  The brie it came with was a little boring.  Next we had the garden of Eden salad, which was pretty tasty.  A nice light salad with lots of vegetables.  

Then we got to try three different sliders: blazin', BBQ pork, and Mama's meatball.  The BBQ pork blew them all away.  Yummy, tender goodness. The blazin' was pretty good, but just a typical slider with bacon.  The Mama's meatball was bland and hard to eat.  A round meatball in a tiny bun with a little bit of tomato sauce is not the best idea in the world.

They also gave us regular fries and sweet potato fries (what they call Southern fries) with some sort of pink dipping sauce.  I'm usually a fry fiend, but these things were not too good.

The dinner came with samplings of the Double Helix wine - sparking wine, chardonnay, and zinfandel.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Definitely get something else besides the house wine. 

The best part was the Hostess with the Mostess adult milkshake.  They blend a Hostess cupcake with ice cream and cake flavored vodka.  It sounds disgusting, but it was actually pretty amazing.  

It looks like they have a strong beer selection on tap.  A dedicated kegerator for Stella and some selections from Stone and other craft brews.  Service was good and enthusiastic.  I definitely want to come back to try more of the adult milkshakes and other booze.  Maybe a few sliders.  Glad its in the neighborhood.
The Good: Burgers are on the small side but tasty.  Quality of the beef was excellent.  Table service was first-rate and very attentive.  

The Bad and the Ugly: Hostess walked us past numerous empty tables to the very back of the restaurant, then around the corner and sat us adjacent to the back door, totally out of sight from the main rooms. The "decor" back there consisted of stacked high chairs, stacked Sysco boxes and the fire extinguisher.  WTF? I could see if the main room was packed, or maybe if we had a bunch of mangy kids with us, but there is no reason to put anyone all the way back there when you have other empty tables, unless the reason is that you do not want them returning to your establishment.
Went there for lunch on a Wednesday, were seated and served very quickly. Ordered the lobster roll which was good, and then had the bacon bleu burger and the stuffed chicken burger and the baltimore fries (gravy and cheese on them). The burgers were ok (I've made much better at home), but the taste did not match the presentation: the chutney on my bleu burger soaked through the bottom bun making it a soggy mess and they drizzled this weird honey concoction on the chicken burger which just dripped everywhere making a giant sticky mess. If you have to go wash your face half way through the meal, there's something wrong with the ingredients. There are definitely better places to go for a burger, like the Red Rock, especially for the price.
There are moments in life when I am sitting in a restaurant wonder how the f* I got there and why I'm even paying that much money for eh service and eh food.  Although B&B is decent, I was somewhat deflated after the experience and hoped for just a touch better.  First, their menu is pretty enticing.  I've never tried short ribs stuffed into a burger before, so I went for it.  I even ordered a Cesar salad and some fried risotto to start.  My other half ordered the classic burger and we shared some parmesan fries.  First off, the cesar was just a salad, nothing special, something bottled, so we weren't impressed.  Next, the fried risotto balls were okay, but they weren't something I'd go nuts over or dream about.

Here's the kicker.

I was hoping that my first short rib stuffed burger experience would be great.  Unfortunately, it was just okay. I think if they mixed the short ribs in to the burger patty, it would've been a better result.  In the end it was okay, but not something I'd come back for over and over again.

We decided to try the soda fountain, so we ordered an old fashioned soda.  It came in a bottle.  I was somewhat confused because I assumed the soda counter had the club soda and the syrups to mix by order, but I guess not.  Oh well.

In the end it's another trendy burger joint with unique menu items. The end.
Well this was my 1st officials visit, I came before at a preview. I was a bit surprised they took out the jute box. The foods was delicious. 

However three suggestions:
The Happy Hour wasn't much of a happy hour. Every where else in the village was packed. This seems to be the only difference. How about 1/2 off appitizers?

Offer basic fries or side with the burger, then price the difference to upgrade. 

The fellini fries had a truffle aioli sauce, it was only a half full - should be completely full. The price was MUCH cheaper than DeMarco.
Horrible dining experience. First off the decor is all over the place, and was the painter color blind. Second the food, I have read some bad and good reviews so was kinda skeptical. I have to agree with the bad reviews, first off my burger was over cooked. Then it doesn't help when it has no flavor. I ordered the bootlegger and expected the whiskey onions to be great but it was only a couple of chopped up onions and some runny gravy. The fries are good but you can tell they are frozen. Boyfriend had the salmon salad and must say it looked like it was only a couple of uncles. When he asked the server about it she said that's how they come disappointing, and extremely overcooked.  One last thing the manager with the the hair piece needs to get their money back.
Having been disappointed by the many "gourmet burger" places I arrived at Bottles and Burgers with high hopes but deep inside expecting to be disappointed.  I mean whenever you tag the word burger with the word gourmet it seems that means over priced and poorly executed as was my experience with the burger bar which is both overpriced and poorly executed with inattentive wait staff, small portions and unwieldy dining area. But I digress, this is a review of Bottles and Burgers, one of the more delightful food choices in Las Vegas.  

To begin, the atmosphere is like that of an upscale 50's diner.  One bar for the adults and a milkshake bar for the kids.  Yes, you can bring your kids and seat them at the bar!.  You also won't miss the big game as they had several flat screens scattered around the bar area.  I had checked out the menu on line but the prices aren't available so I expected this to be another 20 dollar burger place.  Boy was I wrong.  The burgers are reasonably priced between $8.00 and $15.00 with the $15.00 burger stuffed with ribs.  You can also make your own burger starting at $7.00 with a $1.00 per topping charge.  The meat is all Angus.  We tried the Sweet Bacon Blue and the Bootlegger after an appetizer of arancini (fried Risotto balls with truffle oil)  We also got the Baltimore Fries (gravy and cheese).  The Risotto balls were perfect, even my 7 1/2 year old loved them.  The Sweet Bacon Blue is a must have, cooked perfectly.  The Bootlegger was a little blander than I could have hoped but still quite tasty.   We wanted to try the Double Helix (burger stuffed with ribs) but we can only eat so much in one visit.  They also have interesting salads (try pearfection) and sliders to try our next visit.

The service was excellent.  Our waiter Eric was the best, not just because he has a great name or that he looks like Wilmer Valderrama but because he was honest, attentive and informative.  He even brought us an extra scoop of icecream for my birthday desert because we couldn't decide between vanilla or white chocolate caramel.

Bottles and Burgers just misses the 5 star category for one reason.  The portions seem a little small. To me they were just right because I am dieting and also always seem to have leftovers at the larger burger places like Islands or Fuddruckers, but it was the one complaint I observed and I can't argue with it.  Still, with wine we got out of there with a party of three for about $50.00 which isn't bad for the great meal we had.  Definitely worth a return visit for that Double Helix.
Hard to find the entrance.

I hate the "Bottles and Burgers by Double Helix" name.  First off, when I hear bottles and burgers i think beer and beef and buns, not wine and beef and buns.  They have wine pairings for the friggin french fries for crying out loud?  Please.  Stop.  

I know that the 16 dollar burger joints are all the rage, but stop with the wine pairings and upscalifying of it.  If you're gonna charge that much for a burger and then $4.50 for an order of fries they better be badass.  My burger was overcooked and underseasoned  and underwhelming.  Not bad, but small and overly precious.

I also hate when joints like this serve their food on a fancy plate to make it look fancy.  They have these fry server things with a sauce receptacle that makes an order of fries 18 inches tall and all fancy-looking.  Problem is there's only 20 fries and the fancy aioli sucked in spite of the special serving containter.  Fries with champagne and shallots?  No thanks.

So, the concept is wrong.  The value is not there.  The portion sizes are laughable.  The food is ok at best.  The room is schizophrenic.  Is it a bar, a restaurant, a soda fountain?  The accoustics stunk and the room stunk.

One last beef.  What's with the "by Double Helix" in the name?  Is that a household name?  Is that a signifier of quality dining?  Is that a trustable brand that everyone recognizes?  Nope.  It's a struggling wine bar for tourists @ a casino that 99 percent of locals don't know about  and a newly opened, lame rehash of a wine bar @ Town Square.  Don't get ahead of yourselves, rich guy restanteurs.  You haven't proven anything yet except that you have enough money to burn to open a few restaurants.

Check out Shake Shack in New York if you want to see how this idea should be executed.
I had  the build your own burger that came with a handful of homemade chips.  The burger and chips  were delicious ! I think the size of the burger would be best with not a sample of chips but a normal side of chips. Island's can get away with giving you a sample side  because their burgers are HUGE. The burgers here are a little smaller than your average gourmet burger. 
We wanted some fries so we ordered the Fellini Fries. The fries were yummy with the truffle aioli but there wasn't enough aioli for all of the fries. The aioli only filled up the lower bottom of the sauce cup. I think they should at least fill the cup half way. The aioli is what makes the fries tasty so they shouldn't be stingy with it.

We typically end our meal with a shared dessert but we opted to share their Pearfection Salad.  I've had this salad at their other restaurant Double Helix and I think it's better than dessert! It has baby arugula, poached pears, bufala mozzarella, candied walnuts,  vanilla champagne vinaigrette with balsamic syrup. It was sweet pearfection!
This was my first visit, and I immediately appreciated the fact that I could order a medium rare burger (if I'm gonna eat red meat, which is rarely, I don't want it burnt black). I had the "Block 16" which includes sharp cheddar. The burgers seem small compared to the gigantic versions you get at other restaurants, but they are actually the right size, I believe. The bun tasted good and didn't steal the show. The homemade potato chips were large and not over-salted. I could have eaten a larger portion of those and skipped the fries. The garlic fries were yummy but not special at all. The burger was oh, so juicy! Juicy the way my dad used to make them when I was a kid- that man is a genius in the kitchen. 

The decor of the place is pleasant, industrial chic, brightly colored but still sophisticated. The booth was comfortable. The flatscreen TVs were unobtrusive and all showed sports events. I liked that they showed a variety, including Lacrosse, instead of having all the TVs show the same channel.

The servers were friendly (although the hostess came off coldly) and added to the nice experience.  As I'm not much of a meat eater I can't say I'll be back any time soon, but I'd suggest this place to friends wanting a burger cooked nicely, in a pleasant environment.
Bottles & Burgers, its like the perfect marriage! They have an amazing beer selection (Innis and Gunn, Delirium, Chimay Blue...etc) and half bottles of wine! 
You can order great bottles of wines and not be inebriated after the first bottle. That way I am able to try all the great selections! 
And they have half price bottle of wine on Mondays. I mean half price on Caymus? 
Half price on half bottle is cheaper than a single glass? Count me in! 

Food is great. Definitely LOVE LOVE LOVE the Sweet Bacon Bleu, i mean blue cheese and apple wood smoked bacon? You cannot go wrong. Absolutely try the Baltimore Fries (steak cut fries smothered in cheese and gravy)

Happy Hour is awesome; $2 drafts, $4 sliders, $5 wines by the glass. You can have happy hour at 4, dinner at 8 and late night happy hour at 9! 

I'm think I'm in love...
I didnt try the food since I wasnt hungry and just came for drinks. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about their wines which was great help. Also, the adult milkshakes were delicious. I really want to come back and try their food.
Happy Hour is awesome and the Cucumber Martini is terrific! (I put a pic on Yelp of it)

I'd give it 5 stars but something I can't put my finger on is off with the ambience - but other than that it's great.

Staff is very nice.

Good outdoor patios.

The sliders are fantastic!
I came here the other day with my cousin to check out the happy hour. I gotta say when I heard bottles I thought beer bottles, not wine bottles. So I was a little disappointed by the beer selection here. I'm a huge microbrew fan so I was hoping to try some local Vegas brews, but alas, it wasn't meant to be. We tried some of their blended drinks and the peach bellini was totally yummers!! The banana one was too banana-y. We had the bacon and bleu cheese burgers with chips and they were pretty good. The appetizer fries (I forgot what they were called) were awesome!! And they were hella cheap during happy hour. I highly recommend those!! This place was nice to check out, but I'm gonna need them to step up their drink selection before I come around again.
A few months back I decided to go out for a burger on a Sunday night.  It was good, well pretty close to great.  Half a bottle of a great Bordeaux to go with the burger.  Service was a bit off, but I decided maybe it was because I was just alone and a potentially small tip table.  
Due to the awesome burger, and the fabulous farmer's market...  ended up in again today for lunch.  Cocktails awesome!  Waiter excellent!  Food deliver utter chaos!!  No other word for it CHAOS!  Five of us, three orders of fries, and four burgers and one order of sliders.  Some food got delivered to another table, sides came out a good 5 minutes after the burgers.  Requests for mayo and ranch were met with complete confusion and the inability to deliver on the request.  The food is awesome, I can't say that enough.  Amazing to be honest.  But there gotta figure out there expedition of their food, it is a nightmare.
Excellent burgers and THE BEST FRIES bar none!  Ordered the new burgers with barbeque short rib topping which were perfectly prepared and the fries were cooked to perfection.  Followed the suggested beer pairing and was pleased.  The burgers are pricy, as you would expect in a fancy burger joint, but the beer was very reasonable.

Great fries are cooked fresh.   Fries here are cooked fresh to order and are lastingly crisp with a creamy center.  The are not hard and hollow or  soggy and limp like the fries at In and Out.
This is one place that I think is underrated. It may be a notch below the top spots in town, but they still have some quality burgers at reasonable prices and a menu diverse enough to placate the pickiest eaters (adults and kids).

For starters, the mascarpone and white truffle aioli added a lot of richness to an otherwise bland arancini ($8) dish. The DV tacos ($9), however, were delicious with their tender chunks of flavorful beef atop flour tortillas.

The sweet bacon bleu burger ($9, certified angus beef, sweet onion marmalade, bleu cheese, arugula, roasted tomatoes, applewood bacon) was tasty but the bun was too small in comparison to the large, juicy patty. The Fellini fries ($4) were solid, especially if you're a fan of truffle oil.

They've got a wide range of shakes (virgin and the adult variety) and floats, not to mention beer and wine. I tried a Blue Moon float (Blue Moon and orange sherbet) which sounded better than it tasted.

My biggest complaint is about the service. It drives me crazy when waiters don't write down orders. I don't care how good they think their memories are, they have a pen and paper for a reason. So, of course our waiter doesn't write our orders down, walks away, then comes back twice to ask us about our order. I'm not sure if the guy was new or not, but he seemed to be overwhelmed by everything. All the more reason to write stuff down. There's no doubt that if I come here again I'll ask for a different waiter.
Service was pretty good.  Food, eh.. its okay . IVE HAD BETTER. the burgers are pretty small.  i think the fries , i believe it was the SWEET POTATO FRIES WITH CHIPOTLE SAUCE is more appetizing than the burger. 
Only thing i liked about it is that when we came in , we were greeted by the hostess. felt very welcomed at the place and they were helpful as well.  and the server we got was pretty helpful . its just that, the food didn't really satisfy me.  I usually finish my burgers, specially when its that small. but for some reason, this one .. idk , i only finished half of it. 
Over all though, 3 out of 5 stars (; yay for the service ! keep it up.
Sat in a booth with my wife and my friend. We had a bartender with short blond hair take our order. We ordered drinks. Drinks did not come in a timely manner. She brought me my beer  but forgot to bring my buddies margarita and my wifes adult shake. It was about 945pm and the place was not busy. I watched her go to the corner of the bar and eat a burger. Our food comes and we tell the guy that we never got our remaining drinks after 20 minutes. He took care of us and got us our drinks. My buddy tasted his drink and didn't like it. The blond came up to us and said she had a rough day and that it was 110 degrees today and people were rude. She was totally not a friendly bartender. The food was good however we won't be going back.
In search of a new happy hour spot we decided to try this place on a Friday night.  Had the sliders, fries and the cucumber martini.  The food and the drink were good along with the service.  My complaint about this place is size, at least inside anyways.  If your happy hour party includes more then three people you are not going to be comfortable here.  The bar area just doesn't have the room or that vibe.  I think I would like to try this place for a normal meal because the food I saw being brought out did look good.  But on this night we wound up at another spot in Tivoli that could accommodate our party of eight.
I returned to Bottles and Burgers for the third time. My first first was opening week and they clearly had some wrinkles to iron out. I asked the bartender "why the reference to the double helix?" Not one of the 3 bartenders could answer. I am still waiting for an answer. The Happy Hour Blazin sliders are incredible, Angus beef with an avocado and bacon. Yum!. Two slliders for $4.00. We also ordered the pulled pork sliders and  the Italian meatball sliders. The pork was great but the Meatballs were BORING. Although the lobster roll was not on Happy Hour, $12.00 we thought we would try it.  Stay away clear of this big piece of bread with some type of mixture and mayonnaise!!   The service was unforgettable;not horrible but no ne is very friendly. When in the mood for  a beef burger -hit Happy hour 4-7pm.
[scrunched up, pouty disappointment face & sigh] 1st & foremost, if the 1st 3pgs of your menu are drinks & the 1st drink is sangria boasting to be the best in town, it doesn't actually have to be the best in town but it does need to be somewhat delicious. When we saw the waiter bringing the $26 "carafe" for the 3 of us, we knew it was going to be trainwreck sangria. We each got a tumbler with something that tasted like watered down Sprite with a couple itty bitty pieces of fruit then the waiter poured red wine into them. From the alleged carafe that was maybe 12oz. Dear B&B, have you been to Firefly?, Tommy Bahama?, Gordon Biersch? THAT'S sangria. The restaurant itself has a nice design. The music- with the exception of Mary J. Blige's Real Love- was a downer. A total mismatch to the vibe of the restaurant. As far as the menu, this was one of the few times in my life that I had a hard time deciding... not because there were so many awesome prospects that I couldn't settle on but because I would've rather had an In-N-Out or Five Guys, after reading my options. Over & over. Hoping there was something I'd overlooked. One of my g.f.'s got the sweet bacon bleu burger, our other g.f. & I got Stan's Italian job (?) sliders & we shared fellini fries & Baltimore fries. Our entrees were good but nothing that would solely get us back in the door. On their own, the fellini fries would've been good (minus the warm parmesan/mayo'y tasting dipping sauce) but the Baltimore fries stole their thunder. When we got to B&B, were pretty shocked by how few fellow diners were there with us on a Saturday evening... by the time we left, we understood why.
In Tivoli Village for The Street Food Throwdown, and we were lured in by their Widowmaker the winner of the competition. But once we got inside my husband perused the menu and was easily persuaded by the description and the raves of our waiter for the Bootlegger Burger, he paired it with even more calories...the Car Bomb Float. He loved every pound he put on that day and can't wait to go back for more. I played it light since I had been eating at the food trucks, by ordering the Arancini appetizer, I was basking in my cheesy, truffled glory. And to wash my fritters downs, the Sipping Southern, an alcoholic version of the Arnold Palmer. Perfect.
The place was busy so our service was a bit slow at times, but the employees were pleasant and helpful.
We are going back in a week, hope it is just as good as the first time.
Met a friend for Happy Hour and naturally, I was late, so she was already there seated at a table.  I learned after a while that this was an accommodation:  she's in a wheelchair and Happy Hour is only in the bar area, which has high stools and booths.  Neither one works for her, so we were in the front dining area.  She said it was handled graciously and wasn't an issue.  Score one for the restaurant.

She was too hungry to wait for my arrival, so she ordered the goat cheese appetizer - a mound of the cheese, surrounded by home-made potato chips.  Individually, they were both terrific, but together just doesn't work.  The chips are so light and thin that they can't be used to scoop the cheese, and even the little spoon supplied doesn't work; the chip just crumbles instantly.  The tasty goat cheese deserves a different pairing.

We ordered a Build Your Own Burger from the regular menu, adding only avocado.  The burger wasn't overly large, but there was a good amount of avocado.  The burger came with -- more chips!  But the bun was the smallest I've ever seen, not much bigger than a slider bun.  We were sharing the burger since, apparently, my friend eats like a bird, and neither of us would have eaten a whole bun anyway.  Still, you'll get full from a burger from TGIF, but here you'll have to order other stuff.  

I had their Sangria, made from a "Special Recipe."  When I tried to find out what was in it, the waitress said she doesn't know, it changes all the time, whatever the bartender wants to throw into it.  It was very good, and indeed, the second glass didn't taste exactly like the first!

The decor is cute, kinda like an old-fashioned diner (not a NY Greek diner!), and not upscale.  The service was top-notch from start to finish.
Our first time eating at Bottles & Burgers and all though the food was good; we were slightly disappointed.  The burgers were supposed to be cooked medium and we were served well done. We were with other couples who had the same issue.  The burgers tasted great even though they were overcooked.  My husband felt that the double helix burger was small for the fact that it cost $15.

The homemade potato chips were very good.  If you visit we highly recommend an adult milkshake.  We shared a Choco-cherry shake and it was delicious.  We also ventured to try a dessert and we were not disappointed.  The mouse cake was very light and bursting with flavor.
I wish I could give a 3.5...we had good food and service but the burgers are missing the mark that day, especially for the price. We had multiple people at our table and there were also a lot of over cooked burgers, my husband ordered his burger medium rare and it was brown through out, not even close. He got the Double Helix burger which had BBQ shortrib on top so the burger didn't seem dry and they are smaller than a lot of burger joints with better burgers.  We shared some Baltimore fries which were a bit disappointing, not enough gravy, not enough cheese, I'm used to messy gravy cheese fries dripping with flavor. I got the Arancini (Yum) again as well as the Rosso Bruno Caprese, fresh and flavorful! We also decided to share the Hostess with the Mostess Shake after much goading from myself...I love cake and this hit the mark.
We were meeting a group of friends for this dinner, but once we got there realized it was Happy hour (4-7 everyday at the bar and firepit) so we got our drinks at the bar, the chef even brought us out blue cheese topped chips while we waited for our drinks. I got the Double Helix drink which was sweet and light. We saved half getting our drinks at the bar, there were also a lot of good food options at great happy hour prices. A friend at our table went up to the bar to get the half priced drinks after we told him about the happy hour prices, the bartender gave him a hard time about having a table, so he sat at the bar and said "Now I'm sitting here", the bartender had no argument. But it shouldn't be an issue the bar was empty, he wasn't taking his time away from someone else, and he got his tip. I hate when happy hours are only in designated areas. I would highly encourage a visit for the happy hour, if I went back that would be why. I doubt a visit for a burger is in the future, there are a better options in Vegas. And Burger Joints in Vegas are plentiful.
Good food!!! Service not that great considering how slow.Not very lively but my kids loved the milkshakes:-)
I love Tivoli Village, the European-style development in the Summerlin area of Vegas, and not just because of its charming wrought iron balconies, stone facades, water fountains, and faux boulevards.  In a city that prides itself on vast casino spaces bent on sensory overload, it's almost cozy.  Tivoli Village has a quiet energy that encourages meandering among the shops and sitting on benches sipping a cocktail under trees accented with twinkling lavender-colored lights.  It's also close to home, which doesn't hurt.

All that strolling and shopping requires refueling, and Tivoli Village offers a nice variety of places to nosh. One of them is the gourmet burger joint Bottles & Burgers.  One Friday night after work, my husband and I picked up my brother-in-law and headed to B&B to get our burger on.

Kicking off the weekend, the place was hoppin' ... and filled with beautiful people.  The servers are not only selected for their customer service skills, apparently, because they all looked remarkably buff and attractive.  It wasn't just the waitstaff that was easy on the eyes; a majority of the patrons were good looking as well.  Not sure how well we fit into that mix, but no one made us feel uncomfortable.

Our booth was roomy but located right next to the restroom, a little too close for my taste.  More hustle and bustle than we wanted, but not too bad.

We started with an order of onion rings accompanied by a creamy green salsa.  The onion rings were nicely battered and crisp, and I really enjoyed the salsa.  The creaminess gave it a body that worked well with the rings, which wouldn't have been the case with a typical salsa.  It was nice step up from the standard ketchup and mustard.

I ordered a veggie burger that came with homemade potato chips.  My husband went with a nacho-style burger. My brother-in-law chose the sliders with a side order of fries and a milkshake.  The milkshake came first, along with the onion rings, and we all enjoyed a few slurps of chocolaty goodness.  It was delish!  The fries were another unqualified hit.  With both cheese sauce and gravy, they were yummy.  My bro-in-law wasn't wowed by the sliders but enjoyed them.  The homemade chips were bland enough to let the burger flavors shine... assuming they were there to shine.  My husband wasn't wild about the cheese sauce on his burger - he prefers his fromage shredded - but the tortilla chip strips stayed crunchy, and the burger was well done, just as he requested.  My veggie burger, unfortunately, was a disappointment.  It was mushy and lacked pizazz.  Even with a slice of cheese and sauteed onions and mushrooms on top, it remained blah.  I didn't finish it.

I firmly believe that a meal isn't complete without a bit of sweet, and both my husband and I indulged.  My husband's banana split reached new heights - literally and figuratively - of gourmet-ness, piled with whipped cream and topped with sugar art.  No real difference in taste from the diner version, which my husband appreciated.  He likes his classics to be classic, so he was happy.  I tried the opera cake.  It sure looked lovely with cocoa polka dots, a dainty dollop of whipped cream and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  The taste was just so-so.  I was bummed because I relish my desserts, and I couldn't bring myself to finish it.  Can't win 'em all, I guess.

The verdict on B&B? Fun atmosphere with interesting selections that don't always live up to their billing.  Worth a second visit.
This was our first time.  we had appitzer of hummus and vegtables followed by  sliders for the guys and burgers for the gals.   the cucumber martini amazing.  would come again.  next time want to try the Veg out burger. this comes highly recommended by a friend.
Our waiter and hostess very friendly and fun.
Stopped here because our 6 yr old done was starving and we needed to go over to REI. I gave the place at least a 4 but my boy gave it a 5!  Great Fri ambience; staff was great; service quick; veggie burger great (but too much rosemary for me); Irish sliders great and kids menu perfect; the piece d' resistance has to be the double helix fries with a garlic sauce on the side-we got an extra order! The Sangria was too strong-tasted more liquor than wine. Overall nice stop for our first time at Tivoli. I could see coming back here.
Had a total of 6 people in my party and I wanted to try this place out at Tivolli Village in Summerlin. Bad Decision . 

The hostess was the only good part about the place as she greeted us with a friendly smile. 

Went to the table .... nice atmosphere. Ordered drinks and the waiter forgot to take my order! (Guess being in a wheelchair he thought I was part of the furniture ) He started to walk away and I said to him " What , people in wheelchairs dont get drinks? " LOL .... he was very apologetic.

The food was meh ..... I had the double Helix and fries ..... My friend had a salad and a Martini for 32.00?? WTF?!?! 

The end of the meal we got our bill and noticed a 20 percent gratuity added ..... for 6 people ? Isnt it usually 8 people? When we asked the waiter about the bill he just said that he didnt know about it .... he just worked there. WTF?!?! Didnt do a single thing to explain the bill. 

That left a bad taste in my mouth and I will never go there again.
Our first time tonight for dinner and though I wanted to like it, I probably would skip it next time around.  I had the veggie burger which was delish and my hubby had the bootlegger burger -- both were delicious, but not unforgettable.  We ordered fries separately, but they never showed up, along with the side salad that we ordered.  My daughter ordered the kids chicken strips and it was literally two strips and 20 fries.  The kids menu was very skimpy, but perhaps that isn't what they're about.  Then out of the blue, someone brought over brownies and whipped cream as a "special treat from the chef" for my daughters which they devoured!

The main reason for the 2 stars -- our service was horrible -- I don't think we've had such bad service in years!  She was nice and friendly, but forgot the salads and fries and then never returned.  We did get a genuine apology from her though as well as a credit for a beer, and so for that, I did still leave her a good tip.  :)  Numerous wait staff walked by and looked over as I'm sure we didn't do a very good job and looking busy as we waited. . . and wondered . . . . whether we'd ever get our check!

In a nutshell, decent food, nice atmosphere, but overpriced for the portions and there are many better options for great burgers in the area.
Excellent happy hour experience.  Hubby and I had the salmon burger and the turkey burger.  We shared an order of fries as well as an order of arancini.  Cucumber martini was fantastic, as was the food and service (thanks, Whitney).  Our bill was $45 for food and for 5 drinks, which I thought was very fair.  Can't wait to return.
We have eaten here numerous times and have yet to have a bad experience. I am a stickler for service and that has yet to be a problem. I had the Surf and Turf (medium rare) and it was very tasty. My wife had the Turkey Burger, which she states "it was not the best but was still good". My oldest son (15) had the Calamari Salad, and the Nacho Burger. He said the salad was the bomb and the burger was very good. My youngest son (8) had the Chicken Strips. He ate them however he said he didn't care for the batter on the chicken. I dig the music and atmosphere! I will return for shizzle!!
I loved this place! Everything we ordered tasted amazing. I ordered the Double Helix BBQ and it was heaven. The service was great except that the fries came out a few minutes after the burgers but no big deal. They had a DJ playing music on the outside patio which was really nice. I would recommend this place hands down.
I just discovered this place about 2 weeks ago and absolutely love going there. The ambiance is to die for, the food taste wonderful and the staff is super friendly. I love going for happy hour mostly as its a nice place to relax after a long day at the office. I go once or twice a week and fully intend to keep going!
All burgers are not created equal.  The Surf and Turf burger at B&B is AMAZING.  Cooked to perfection and top quality ingredients.  You can taste the freshness of the lobster and angus beef.  Friendly hostesses, attentive and cheerful servers make it all a pleasure.  Prices are totally reasonable and the happy hour menu is great.  I play live acoustic music on Wednesdays 6-9 for Ladies Night, so they invest in entertaining their patrons which is nice.  Some might think its a biased review but I don't eat out a lot and I bring my family here a few times a month on my off time just because we love the food and service.
We were staying at the sun coast and after a weekend of disappointing meals we tried this place. First off we went on a Monday where all bottles of wine were half off!!! Burgers are on the small side but tasty. I was worried when the server said that the chef recommend the burgers be cooked medium but when we got them they where between medium-rare and medium. Needless to say they were very tasty and since we had hit up the very overated bellagio buffet early in the day, the food portions didn't bother us. Also, my wife had a strawberry cake vodka milkshake and downed the whole thing...fun times ahead indeed! Overall, a great place to go (especially on half off wine day) to get a great tasting burger that will give you a break from the gluttonous time you are sure to have in Vegas.
We originally went to Tivoli to get some pizza but as we walked by this place, we said, what the hell, let's try it.
Good decision.
It was 7 on a Saturday night, and honestly, the place was a little empty. Kinda strange I thought, but whatever, we got seated right away.
Good selection of beers, draft and bottle, tons of wine options, full and half bottles. They have a nice house Double Helix Chardonnay as well as a good, light house Double Helix lager on draft.

The burger selection was good, plus you can build your own. Would be nice to have more topping choices for the BYO, but they have the basics covered.

I had the sweet bleu bacon burger, nicely cooked, great toasted brioche bun. Fries were server in one of those conical stand with the faux newspaper wrapper, keeps those bad boys hot through the entire meal. And at no time every do I consider a 1/2 pound burger small. It was cooked perfectly and definitely big enough.

We got a side salad too, and the one annoying thing about that was the plate it was served on was a small rectangle shape and every time you forked a bite, stuff went flying all over the place, a bit annoying. Guys, serve it a larger plate or put it in a bowl!

When we left around 8pm and there may have been 4 people in the entire place...the guy at the bar looked like he was about to cry, sorry man, it's gonna be a long night for ya! Too bad, hopefully it picks up for them, I'd go back for sure.
The food here was really good. Something for everyone, even non-burger lovers. I am always game for a big, juicy burger, but couldn't pass up the grilled peach and burrata salad which was as delicious as it sounds. I ordered 2 sliders to go with it and tried my friends burger as well. We didn't try a milkshake, but I couldn't pass up one of the their delicious cocktails. I got the jalapeno margarita and it was great.  My only complaint is that the atmosphere didn't seem in line with the menu, it could use a little bit of an upgrade so it looks less cheap diner and more gourmet burger restaurant and bar.  We went on a Sunday and the service was great.
Four of us went to B and B and had a good meal, good service and a pleasant atmosphere.

The burgers and salmon very given excellent reviews, the drinks were distinctive and the fries were hot and flavorful.  

Yes, the place is not cheap and therefore not a place I will be going to often but we will certainly be returning.  I want to try the onion rings along with other entrees.

Most importantly the burgers were great.
This was my second time at B and B. Although our first experience wasn't great, my husband wanted to try it again because he was in a burger mood.  

The place was almost empty...in hindsight i realize why.  The hostess seated us right away and as she walked us back to the first table in front, she pulled her skirt down with one hand as she threw, yes threw our menus down w/ the other. The menus are heavy so you could hear the sound of it slap the table as she tossed them. She then turned to us and said w/ no smile, enjoy.  Oh boy this was not how i expected our evening to start.  

Our waiter than came over quickly and brought us glasses of water. As he tried to leave before asking us for a drink order, i quickly asked him if the sangria was red or white.  He looked at the bar and said its very very red, like a dark red.  Ok, i meant what kind of wine but I'll pass.  I said i was allergic to red wine and he nodded and walked away.  

When he Finally returned to take our drink and food order, I asked for no avocado on my slider.  He then mumbled something and said ok, that's w/ avocado.  I then repeated NO avocado to him slowly.  I watched him with another table and saw he'd gotten their order incorrect so i braced myself for the avocado on my burger. It was right so i apologize for doubting him.

You could see the kid had never been trained correctly as he struggled with the computer entry system, and he was struggling with his tables ( all two of them).

B and B, you are two for two and i for one am not willing to go for the hat trick and risk bad service again.  Your food is good but the place is empty because your service is awful, your employees don't care and they're untrained.  FYI, we never saw a manager the whole time.  i'm sure she/he was too busy with the three other tables that were occupied.
I finally got a chance to try the happy hour at Bottles & Burgers last week.  I went with a friend, and we ordered 3 appetizers and 2 beers, and our bill was $20 before tip.  That's pretty strong!  We had the arancini, which are essentially fried rice balls, for $4.  They were good, but not very filling.  Then we had the Irish sliders, which I was disappointed that there were only 2 of.  For some reason, I was expecting 3 for $4.  Very good, though.  Then we were still a bit hungry, so we tried the Mexican dog for $6, which was super delicious, though I don't know why it wasn't $4.  It's a hot dog, and the Irish sliders have brisket.  Oh well, can't complain too much as their Double Helix draft beers were only $2.  Definitely a happy hour spot I'll be back to.  Oh yeah, was a bit disappointed their Blazin' Sliders weren't on the menu for $4 as it was listed on their web site.  Oh well.
love their happy hour menu!! service is great! staff very friendly! shout out to ian and gang!!
Went to B&B on 9 Sept. for late lunch. Got there around four. Nice place at Tivoli, too bad the service was so deplorable. From the hostess (who'd rather chat with the waite staff) to the manager. The whole time we were there it was like a social hour for the workers. The bartender(?) took our drink and food order. 

Two of the kitchen staff brought out the burgers which were good. We were sitting right at the end of the bar so the staff (including the manager) had to walk right by our booth. Not one time did anyone there ask if the food was ok, need another drink? etc..... I flagged down the manager for the check. He had the bartender bring it so he could continue his conversation with a newly arrived waiter about the Packers/49er's game. When the bartender brought the check THEN he asked if I wanted a beer? Really?

The primary reason we went is that our friends in Solvang CA 'Sort This Out Cellars'
are the suppliers of the 'Double Helix' brand wines and soda sold at this poor excuse of an eatery. When I asked about the wine they said it was 'good' and from CA but
'not sure where'. Wow what a review. Did I mention that the place was almost empty.
Some guy slobbering over a girl at the bar, A guy homesteading a booth with a baby in a car seat. (The baby was good.) And there was the waite staff chatting it up. 

The place is real nice and the play list is eclectic and enjoyable and not too loud.
The location is good and the food was ok. One of the burgers was $15. 

For what it's worth if you want a burger AND friendly service there is an overwhelming list of good burger joints within 3 miles of this place. This place will not last long if they continue down this road. Sorry, B&B. And BTW you should try the wines they are excellent!
I went there for happy hour and there was no one there at 5pm. More people started arriving but it was pretty slow. Drinks during happy hr are about 5-6 bucks for sangrias, wine and martinis. The food is pretty tasty, i would recommend to have the sample platter. you actually get a lot of food for an appetizer.
One of my husband's friends was in town this past week so we decided to hit up a local happy hour.  B&B has their happy hour from 4-7 and seemed like the perfect spot for us to catch up.  We walked in at 6:30 on a Wednesday and were seated in a booth near the bar right away.  The server was attentive without being overbearing and our orders came out very quickly.

Now for the important part:

Cucumber Martini $6
It was a gin Martini with a cucumber twist.  I have been on a gin kick recently so this was the perfect happy hour drink for me.  It was the perfect blend to go with my food.  

DH Draft $2
I wasn't sure what was on tap because this was my husband's drink and I didn't steal a sip, but $2 bucks is a pretty damn good price and he seemed to enjoy it.   

Sampler $23 - Thyme wings, fancy hot dog, sliders, delicious fries, quesadilla, It was pretty much happy hour happiness.  Each of the different food items came with a different dipping sauce which I think was my favorite part.  What can I say...I'm a dipper.  My husband and I ate most of the food because our friend had a buffet for lunch earlier and just wanted to hang out, but it could have easily feed all three of us.

Other details:

The facility that B&B is located in is beautiful.  For those of you yelpers familiar with LA it is a little bit like a Mini Grove in Las Vegas with easier parking and hotter/colder temps outside (depending on what time of year you come).  

Overall:  Good food + good service = A happy  happy  hour goer
The fries were FREAKING AWESOME!  We got the fries before the burgers so we were totally stoked for the burgers. Insert very sad face :( The burgers were bland and SOOOO greasy. After delicious fries the burgers were so "blech" that we were SERIOUSLY disappointed.
Second visit. I did not review it the first time . The first visit was shortly after it opened. One improvement is the window tinting which reduces the bright sun shining in during the early evening. 

The service was prompt and pleasant and the orders came out quickly. We ordered 2 wines from the Happy Hour menu. The only disappointment  is that Reisling is only available on the regular drink menu . Consequently Reisling was double the price of the other white wines on the Happy Hour drink menu. 

The chicken strips were great with a very nice crunch to the breading. Also the two pulled pork mini sanwiches were very tasty with just the right amount of sauce. 

Since there are many choices in Tivoli Village and more coming it probably will be a while before we go back. 


I
Went over 9-28-12 to have a bite and listen to some music.  Not too busy but hostess wanted to seat  us next to bar in noisiest place available. Not to happily, she move us to the back where it was quieter. Must have really ticked em off....all the waiters just walked by our table and ignored us! I did not like the burger selection on the menu, so after almost 20 minutes of being ignored, we walked  out. An adjoining table table advised us  they had been trying to order for over 30 minutes.....that's terrible service, I don't care who you are! Won't be going back
I brought a group of about 15 people in for happy hour the other day, and the experience was terrific.  We sat on the back patio, which was lovely (the weather was perfect).  Our server was fantastic, and with all those people, she did a great job.  Most people ordered happy hour drinks and food and were very happy.  I ordered one of their specialty burgers, which was delicious.  I would definately recommend the cucumber martini also.  Next time, I'll leave room for one of the adult milkshakes which were very tempting.
Friday night in Summerlin is often a challenge. There are many choices but it seems that Friday is when the entire population tries to get a table at the same time. 

I have started to use Open Table for reservations with varying degrees of success. the first time I booked here, I received a phone call shortly afterwards to tell me they could not seat us. This time I tried again, I waited for my phone call to cancel me but it didn't come. Good! Off we go.

We arrive on time and are seated immediately. Nice.

We order some drinks and some wings for an appetizer. Wings were a little crispy, I am not sure if that was the intent. OK, only OK.

Wifee, myself and teenager ordered Burgers. I took the one with lobster, $5 extra for a tiny piece of crustacean and sauce. Hum? Wifee had Turkey and teen built his own. The burgers were good, cooked medium and a good size. But it's $5 extra for fries. Burgers , in my opinion, should be served with fries NOT soggy potato chips. I believe it is complete gouging to charge 50% of the burger price for the fries.

Smaller son had kids chicken fingers and fries and it was ok but the portion was small.

So 3 burgers, 1 kids meals 2 wine, 2 beer and 2 sodas $100 . Too much, food was ok but I can spend $100 on better.

Bye.
I stopped in for a quick bite at Bottles & Burgers yesterday. I had heard that they had nice Happy Hour specials. The motif was a little hard to follow -- I couldn't decide if I was in an industrial building or a 50's malt shop or a muscle car garage. The atmosphere was dull, but it was a Tuesday evening! I love it's location in Tivoli Village.
The service was just okay. I was eating at the bar at it took about 6 minutes before anyone approached me with a menu. He never gave me any silverware when my food arrived.
All that said, I did LOVE the food and wine that I had -- and I really loved the price. I had the Barbecue Pork Sliders and the taste was spot on. The barbecue sauce was tangy and different. The slaw had a great flavor. The fries tasted like larger, thicker In N Out fries! It was just the right amount of food and it came out quickly. I had a glass of Zinfandel to go with for 6 bucks, and it was a nice size glass. All of the happy hour wine was good quality, and you definitely got a good deal on a nice wine.
I will definitely be stopping back through this restaurant for Happy Hour!
My husband and I came to Tivoli Village for the first time today. After checking out the Farmer's Market and noticing that there were only a few shops to browse through, we decided to stay for lunch. On a side note, I do see a lot of potential for this place. It reminds me of something I would see in my old hometown of Irvine, CA. Hopefully when the economy recovers, more stores will open up and it will be a great place to shop, eat, and hang out.

We wanted to eat at Leone Cafe, but after seeing how crowded it was, we walked down a bit further and found ourselves between Brio Tuscan Grille and Bottles & Burgers. Brio also looked like it was filling up pretty quickly, so we decided to try this place out. We sat on the patio since the weather was so nice.

Our server Andre was very friendly and attentive. He explained the menu very well, making suggestions from their most popular gourmet burgers, adult milkshakes, and he gave detailed descriptions of their desserts. I ordered the Blazin' Sliders (comes with 2), which were great! The Angus ground chuck was very juicy and cooked well. The bacon and guacamole also made them very tasty. The sliders came with their regular hand cut fries, which weren't very good. Most of it was soggy and didn't have much taste. I suggest ordering any of the other fries that they have on the menu, which look more delicious! My husband ordered the Double Helix BBQ burger and really enjoyed it. He said it was one of the best burgers he had ever eaten and that it was "life changing." lol. I gotta admit, it did look like a great burger because they put BBQ Short Rib on top of the Angus beef. My only complaint here was the plate they used for the sliders. It gets messy when you eat burgers and the small rectangular plates are not a good fit for that. Bigger plates please?

For dessert, we ordered the Opera Cake, which was excellent. It was kind of like a Tiramisu, but with more chocolate. Thin layers of chocolate cake and a hint of coffee bisque. Not too sweet and yummy! Also served with a scoop of Vanilla ice cream. My only complaint here was that our scoop of ice cream kept moving around on our plate because they put it on top of a bed of whipped cream. 

Not a bad find. Prices were reasonable as well.  I would like to come back to try the BBQ Pork Sliders and more desserts! According to their website, two out of the three patios that they have are pet friendly. Yay! I wont have to worry about bringing my dog along next time!
Tasty Burgers, great bar staff
I went here with my wife on the last night of our trip recently as it was a short walk from the suncoast where we were staying. At first I thought it was gonna be a standard burger and drinks place.... I was very mistaken, it was much more! We figured we would have a few drinks and a burger... we ended up trying all the appetizers on their happy hour menu and we tried their surf and turf burger. Their wasn't a single thing we didn't love! All their drinks and food are creatively new classics. I only wish it was closer to us!!
So I have decided as a single diner, I belong at the bar.  It is where you get the service and the attention one deserves.  Service was amazing food was great.  Although PLEASE update your menu to reflect what you offer.  No more Hitching Post half bottles :( only one half bottle of red available.  Also no american cheese availabe... another sad face.....  I didn't ask beyond that!
Great food and awesome environment!!
Sad! Sad! Sad! Sad!  After a really poor service experience, and requesting to see a manager, she said WE were rude!

We were initially greeted with a reception of "oh crap, another customer" at 7:00 pm, then no server for ten minutes, then no drink for five more and then after asking, told they were out of it.

 After requesting a server to come to the table, the bartender sent the bar back, to serve us. He, was totally inexperienced, and had the personality of a wet mop.  We had to coach him through the ordering process. Again after asking for our originally ordered drink we were told "Oh, we don't have any coffee". 

After asking for a manager, she  came out and totally looked uninterested and then left. Never to return. 

Had lousy service to follow.

Upon leaving we asked to speak to the manager again. She came out of her office and said WE interrupted her. She said that they had a problem keeping employees and felt that they did the best to be expected. She said that the reason we could not get a coffee was because they had none. Their order did not come the day before. (wouldn't you tell your staff that?). She had no explanation for the continued poor service.  Even her own.

Anyway, she said she heard we were rude to the staff and had no apology, and gave us the owner's email address and washed her hands of it.

WOW! How do these people keep their jugs in this economy!?

All, I can say is, won't be coming back to your restaurant  B&B.

SAD, SAD, SAD!

By the way the owner's email is Ray@dhvegas.com and his number is 914-621-1400 if you care to let him know how his restaurant is doing.  I have a feeling HE has no idea!
I ate at Bottles & Burgers with my family tonight and it was absolutely horrible. We were helped (or shall I say, not helped) by 4 different waiters, because they were all busy flirting with a cute waitress and chit chatting to help costumers. Our order was taken incorrectly, which wasn't easy to correct since it was hard to get anyone to help us. The wait time in between taking orders, receiving drinks and food was ridiculous and to top it off the only time we were asked for refills was when we received our check. It's sad that the only time we were helped was when they wanted us to leave. 

The food at Bottles & Burgers is good, but the service probably would have been better at In N Out. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. Go across the street to Boca Park and eat at Cheesecake Factory. Don't waste your time or money at Bottles & Burgers.
Came here with hubby to check out the happy hour and were greeted by a very perky hostess.  I've been to Tivoli Village many times and have observed that it has never been busy.  Walking into B&B was no different.  I wasn't sure how to describe the vibe: there is a regular bar in the middle of the restaurant, a milkshake bar on the left side upon entering, and red booths occupying the rest of the interior space.  Four flat screen TV's beam down sports games for those inclined to watch.  Is this place a bar, a restaurant, a brewpub??

Our server was nice enough and suggested we try the sampler appy plate, as it is large enough to share.  He was right!  Our appy sampler included 2 pulled pork sliders, 2 regular sliders (these were subbed for the wings, as they ran out of the wings), one Mexican hotdog (sour cream/avocado/jalapeno peppers), fries (soggy and a bit cold), and half a dozen risotto balls (deep fried....so good but so bad for you!).  Hubby ordered the DH draft for $2 and pronounced it "really good!"  Yeah, it actually was pretty good (I'm a non-beer drinker, so that's a big compliment).  

The food all tasted great, with the exception of the fries, which were cold and limp.  Not too impressive.  Overall, I think B&B really wants you to like it, but can't decided how to market itself.  Would I come again?  Maybe, if only to see if the fries are hot!
After being impressed with Double Helix in Town Square, I had to give Bottles & Burgers a shot.

Service:
Hostess was great. I could easily tell our young waiter was inexperienced as he got overwhelmed with only a few tables to handle. He needs a lot of practice, but he was at least polite throughout the night. It got so bad, another waitress had to wait on us, which I applaud her for doing so well and without any grief. There were mistakes: no lemon in waters (as someone at my table requested), no ketchup bottles (which would be no biggie if he checked on us), wrong information on food given (we wanted specialty fries with our burgers which he said it already came with even though the menu said otherwise.. well he was wrong, we got the plain, bland fries instead) We were short on time as we were catching a movie across the street so we didn't make a huge deal out of any of it, especially since he didn't make any time to come check on us. 

Food:
As for the burger, the star of the place.. the meat patties were the perfect size and flavorful. The lettuce and tomato they put on the side was more of a joke I think, like they assumed I wouldn't put it on my burger (but I always do).. very sad and wilted pieces. The buns didn't make it through the meal :( broke right apart 3/4 into it (RIP). Side of 7-8 chips: tasteless and didn't have the texture of what chip fanatics really know about. I already mentioned my disappointment with their soggy fries. I had a Car Bomb Float which had a pretty sharp presentation but like the rest of the meal, it was nothing to really get excited about. The chocolate ice cream used in the float was not that great, I've had better chocolate ice cream late nights at home straight out of cartons watching marathons with my cats. I also want to mention that I felt their water tasted a little funny, but wasn't totally awful.  

Ambiance:
It didn't read "Bottles and Burgers" to me, I don't know. It was more like a nice sports bar/pizza shop vibe. (Yes, all they have on the TVs are sports) 

Overall:
With such fierce burger competition in LV, my burger and fry urges will have to fall elsewhere. Their niche in being a wine/gourmet burger spot just didn't come through for me, which is a shame since I enjoyed Double Helix so much in Town Square (which I will revisit).
This place is awesome. We were staying at the sun coast hotel last time we went to Vegas and this was just a short walk from the hotel. Looked very chill for the area so we decided to try it out. They had really good drinks. Even my husband tried one of those fruity drinks instead of going straight for a beer. We went during happy hour and just had some appetizers. All of them were delicious. Then we had this burger. Ok now this burger wasn't like any other burger I have ever tried before. It was their surf and turf burger that was topped with lobster and this creamy hollandaise sauce. My husband and I split it but soon after we finished our half we were highly considering ordering another. I would totally go here again when we are back in Vegas. Wish there was a location in SF.
This location has closed down.
One of the better burger joints in town. Good presentation on food and filled with flavor. Homemade potato chips were gone too quick next time will need an extra order. Then to top it off had the brownie sundae and was in heaven. Great servers and a wonderful atmosphere. Next time I have company in town will deffinetly take them there.
Was sad to learn this past week that Bottles & Burgers is closed and the restaurant is completely empty of all furniture.  Was very surprised given how good this place was.  I haven't heard from Double Helix or Tivoli Village why they closed.
that didn't take long to close! 

This place was way overrated the service was terrible.   I shouldn't spend $16.00 for just a burger ala cart and still leave the place hungry.   It wont be missed!
This restaurant just opened 10/21/11. Went here with a couple of other people. I split the an Arizona style and a Glendale style burger. Both were pretty good. The Arizona burger was definitely the better of the two. We had a side of fries with one and onion rings with the other. The sides were okay, but they were nothing to write home about.

The staff was new so they were a little slow, but it was nothing to complain about. One of the owners was walking around talking with people to get feedback. I like to see that, it shows that they actually care about how their product turns out. Will definitely go back at some point for another round.
I had been to the Glendale location for lunch many moons ago and recall having a tasty bacon cheeseburger, so I was very happy to see one going in just a few minutes from home!   My wife and I checked it out in the evening of their opening day and were greeted by the owner Gary.

My wife had a bean and cheese burro, chimichanga style (pictured).  I'm guessing the fry oil was fresh and super hot, because the shell of the chimi was perfectly toasted, flaky and wasn't greasy at all.  We didn't expect to find rice inside, but the ingredients were all fresh and tasted great.  Gary hooked my wife up with their super-fire-burner-hot sauce, and while I can't do those types of things, my wife said it has great flavor and was indeed very hot.  The regular salsa was fresh and had excellent flavor as well.

I wanted to confirm the mesquite grilled bacon cheeseburger lived up to my memory.  It did.  I ordered the Big Bueno, which is a double patty.  The bacon was perfect (extra crispy, who likes flabby bacon on a burger?!?). They cook the patties to pink in the middle, so if you like it well done you'll have to let them know.  I checked out the onion rings as well which were cooked perfectly and tasty.

Gary also brought around a "Arizona" style burger that had been mis-ordered.  It has green chili beef with green chili on top.  Very tasty!

Showing up at a new restaurant on opening day is a real treat because usually it's about the only time you'll see owners and managers.  We chatted up both Gary and his wife (the owners) and met the General Manager as well.   We talked about myself being a "Yelper" and how it can be sort of a mixed bag for restaurants.  It seems most people only take the time to review when they've had either a really good experience or a bad one.  There is no middle-ground with most Yelpers (myself included).  Despite some of the negative reviews in the past,  I feel that the owners and management here are absolutely committed to treating the customers well and delivering a great product.  I feel very strongly about supporting these types of family owned and local businesses, and I look forward to working my way across their menu.

FOOD: Fresh and fast.  Portion size is good.  The chimi and burger were full sized, however I'm used to a bit more fries (and/or rings), but personally i'm trying to avoid the "super size" mentality, so it's fine by me.

KITCHEN & DINING ROOM: The grill area is right in front and mostly viewable from the counter.  It all looked spotless and shiny.  Dining room was large, clean and comfortable.  Looking forward to using their outdoor patio.

STAFF: Very friendly and jumping over themselves to make sure the patrons were served well (despite opening-day glitches with a new ordering system).
I tried Bueno Burgers new Scottsdale location this evening and boy was I disappointed. I was really excited to try this restaurant but left there really let down.. As other s have stated about there Glendale location the smell is awesome, though you may smell a little like a fireplace when you leave it doesn't bother me. I do a lot of grilling over mesquite and hickory so I actually like the free cologne scent. :) Now I went with a party of 8 people total and everyone else thought the food was good enough to come back, but nothing to write home about. Unfortunately what I had was terrible. I ordered the green chile burro with pinto beans. I thought the beans would come on the side but they came on the burrito. I didn't care for that. I wish I could tell you if the actual green chile was good but I cant, there wasn't any. I took 3 bites of my burrito and never found a piece of pork so I decided to take it apart and found 3 small pieces of pork TOTAL. The rest of the burrito was rice and beans and everybody at the table cold vouch for this. The overall taste of the burrito was very bland and I felt like I waisted $7 on a rice and bean burro. My wife had the chicken burrito chimichanga style and It was a lot better. another problem that we all had was the chips weordered were all chewy. Don't know if it was just the batch we got but they were hard to eat. The owner seemed very nice and eager to get to know everyone who came in the door. Don't know if I'll go back, maybe if I had a coupon or something that would be the only way, the whole experience was quite expensive for what you get.
I ordered the Arizona Style burger. It was a clever combination of ingredients, but the execution was lacking. The chili beef was alright, the beef patty was thin. Food wasn't particularly hot. I noticed that everything was coming out of the kitchen in an odd order, as the rest of our group who ordered directly after us waited to be served at least 10 minutes, while orders placed before and after were filled. This could just be the growing pains of a new business. 

My friend who ordered the hot dog said the bun was hard, and he felt it was stale vs. being toasted. He can be picky though. The fries were good. 

The turkey burger with avocado looked great, and my friend said it tasted good.

The two burritos my friends ordered were large, but didn't win my friends over.

The chimichangas other patrons were ordering looked very good. 

With so many options, this is not a must-visit.

I think what's most striking is the really awkward atmosphere of the place. Perhaps they didn't finish constructing the place? The beer wasn't in place so hopefully there is more work to do. The restaurant is trying to copy an industrial style, but from what they have put into it, it is more like the inside of a barn. The tables are rickety, the lighting is weird, and particle board design has not sufficiently replaced the skeleton of Boston Market. I have no problem eating at a ghetto place, but this restaurant has yet to find its soul. With better execution, this place could go from alright to great.
If I could do a 3.5 star review, I would, it's more than "a-ok" but I wouldn't say "yah I'm a fan." I think the place was only opened a few days, I would also rate it higher if they had it staffed properly. Arrived at lunch, and the staff is in "training" mode so it took forever for them to take the two orders ahead of me, and the line behind grew very quickly.  If the service was quick, then I would certainly rate it a four.  Had the "Bueno Burger" with jack cheese.  I think this is something else I don't like about the place, you need to add .75 for cheese. I'd prefer if they included cheese with each type of burger. The burger was certainly good, not sure if its as good as Smash Burger, but certainly in the same league (not a comparison to Delux).  Burger was tasty, would certainly go back if I was in the neighbourhood and felt like a burger.
My burger was okay-bueno... :)

Cool new burger joint in an area that totally need some flare.  When I attended this place they were still in the process of getting things together. (Soft Open)  

Like I said, my burger was okay at best.  I thought the patty was pretty thin.  However, I really enjoyed my topping.  I ordered the Bueno Burger, which had jalapenos, pico salsa, lettuce, and guacamole.  It really made the burger pop!  Fries were extra so we ordered regular and sweet potato fries....mmmm sweet potatoes!  Though I think the Onion Rings were the best.  

Service was okay; the owner was really making sure everything was good.  I personally thought there were too many people in the kitchen, but maybe that's how they roll.  We ordered our fries separately which they forgot, but I'm not going to ding them on that.

The place was definitely still in the works.  They plan to have live music going once they have their patio complete and their beer license acquired.  I can't wait since this place is right down the street from me.  It would be quite interesting to see simply because it's right in suburbia.  - Enjoy!
There is so much hype about this place but I'm really not sure why. I tried their burrito bowl, sounded really good on the menu but its not all that its cracked up to be. First thing, I only asked for black beans but they gave me both - fine whatever. Where did the rice go though? And extra charge of $2 for guacamole. I'm ok with that, I love guacamole but seriously a teaspoon size dolop (and I'm not exaggerating) cost me $2 - you have got to be kidding me. Take if off the menu! Burrito bowl = FAIL. You want a good burrito bowl for the same price and double or more the portions, go to Chipotle. I might consider trying a burger. Not anytime soon though, I'm annoyed :(
Remember the old Wendy's commercial with the old lady asking "where's the beef?"
Well, ditto that...
We split the green chili beef chimi and although it tasted pretty good, there were literally three small pieces of beef with virtually no green chilis.
As Klohe Kardashian said at her sister's wedding, I give it six f'in months...unless they add some meat to those meals...
Cracks me up when I read reviews that state the burgers taste great but they are too small. How much is too much? The burgers are 1/4lbs and the turkey patty is 1/2 lbs. Did you know you can add a patty to any burger or you could even add three patties. The mesquite flavor sets this place apart. They prepare the pico salsa, guacamole and jalapeño relish fresh daily and you can really tell.  It's not fast food and it is not expensive.  You can eat a very filling meal for under 10.00 that didn't come out of a can or a microwave.
A very welcome and needed addition to McCormick Ranch!  With so many burger joints out there offering a lot of the same, Bueno Burger offers fresh local ingredients and a unique menu which allows you to customize your burger experience.  Not to mention the flavor from the mesquite grill which is unlike anything else out there.  If your not a burger/dog fan, you can't go wrong with one of their green chile burritos, chimis and other Mex grill items.  I'm also a firm believer in eating/drinking local so go and check them out and help support another great local restaurant ran and operated by some great people; I can assure your experience will be very pleasant and hospitable!  Plus, I hear they'll be adding a nice selection of local and regional craft beers in the next few weeks which should nicely compliment the mesquite grilled burgers and dogs.  Well played Bueno Burger!
The family and I stopped in on Thursday night to check it out. My wife and I both had the glendale burger if i recall. We also had fries and onion rings. Everything was great. I see a few reviews on here mention soggy fries and where's the beef. I disagree. Our fries were crisp and the onion rings were perfect. The beef was great and tasted awesome. Could have been working out the kinks and that is why they had a bad experience. In my opinion it was very good. So good i took a buddy there for lunch the next day. Word of advice. Pick up some ranch. They got a secret recipe thing going on and a great addition to the fries and onion rings. We needed a place like this and stoke to have them here.
I was very excited to try Bueno Burger last night.  I had spoken to a customer walking out who said it was their 5th visit in the past 3 weeks so I was pretty optimistic.  I ordered the Glendale style burger with pepper jack cheese and without bbq sauce.  I also ordered a side of regular fries.  Total cost was just over $9.
When I lifted the top bun off the burger I had the same reaction that another patron had... "where's the burger patty"?  The actual burger was so small and was dwarfed by the bun.  Overall it tasted okay, but there are at least half a dozen places within a square mile that have much better burgers (with fries or another side included) for the same price as Bueno Burger.
Friendly service, ordered burger and fries, and my wife had the shredded pork sandwich.
1st time - burger was tasty but small patty.  Bread was great on both sandwiches. 
Skimpy on the fries! Pork sandwich was excellent though.
Would go back if i had a coupon to make the value a little greater.
This place is very good!

I stumbled across this place when driving down Hayden today and decided to drop in and give it a try. There were a lot of really nice sounding options on the menu ranging from Burgers to hot dogs to burritos with lots of tasty sounding toppings on each.

I opted for the Arizona burger and the Sonoran Hot dog. The Arizona burger had a homemade green chili beef in it which was VERY good and the Sonoran Dog was surprisingly really good. I say surprisingly because I am used to El Guero Canelo down in Tucson which has the best Sonoran dogs and did not think I would come away satisfied because of going to that place in Tucson a lot. The Sonoran dog here measured up well and was very tasty.

While i was waiting Vanessa the owner came up to my table and introduced herself and told me about the place. She was very nice and accomadating and made me feel welcome. You could tell her and her husband take a lot of pride in their restaurant. Everything was really nice and clean and the staff was also very helpful.

I will definitely go back to this place, Great spot. And great food!
Unfortunately, another missed "great burger" opportunity.  It's all a big yawn.  A big "so what"?

I had to go far to try this and it was just so underwhelming.  The Habit -- much bigger, much better.  Alright, so it lacks a southwest burger theme, but so what?  All I ever want is TASTE!

I thought it cute, endearing that whatever they ordered in wall covering on the east wall hadn't come in and they simply hung artwork, photos on this un-done wall.  Hell, you're not gonna not open just because some wallpaper didn't come in, but it really reflects in the rest of the restaurant.  These guys aren't pro's.  Think I'm being tough?  Go to a Zin Burger and see the professionalism.

First of all, IF this burger was a 1/4 pound, I'll put in with you.  It's BARELY 1/4 pound.

I ordered The Glendale, supposed to come with bacon (tasteless) and mushrooms (a good amount, also tasteless; they were there for effect) and a chipotle cream sauce.  I won't take the time to  google the menu to find out exactly what they call it, but it served as a condiment, nothing more.

The fries?  Mediocre.  Mediocre.  And if you're eating "The Glendale" with some fantabulous horseraddish aioli sauce, do you really want to introduce ketchup into the mix?  I don't.  I didn't.  The fries MUST STAND ALONE.  Unfortunately, here, they do not stand alone.

My order took too long.  And I don't know why.  The sporting event on the plasma was nearing its end, the "masses" having already been served.  Guess the cook was on a smoke-break, but it took a little too long.

The burger, the fries a fountain drink, all very middle of the road.  I guess if you're in the area...

Cheeseburger, single patty, The Glendale, fries and a 12 oz. drink: $9 and change.

IN TODAY'S ECONOMY: I can eat twice at Subway for that, 1.5 times at Jimmy John's or 4 Calzones at Costco.  Or, burgerwise, for $7 and change I can go to Lucky Boy! and be very happy.

One last tip: the lady who took my order, who "counseled" as to what I should order, was nearby twice while I was eating my burger.  If this is the neighborhood burger joint I think they want to be, she should have been TRAINED BY MANAGEMENT AND OWNERS TO BE MORE OUTGOING: "How's your burger, sir" would have been nice.  Instead, she just cleaned the tables.
I was in here for lunch today with a friend.  The service was fast and friendly.  I ordered the Arizona style burger  with cheese, fries and a drink.  The cost was only $9 which I think was quite a value given the quality.

The Arizona style burger came with green chili beef, green chilis, lettuce and sour cream.  It had a nice kick to it and was very juicy.

If you're in the Hayden/Indian Bend area stop in and give them a try.
Decent lunch spot, a good value and a tasty burger (Bueno with cheddar cheese).  Would give it 3.5 stars if I could.  Will def return since there were at least two other menu items I really want to try.
just had a birthday dinner here.  This place was great.  the owner and all the staff were awesome.  The food was really really good too.  check it out
Love it. Onion rings are off the chart!!! Burger was indeed bueno and then these little cinnamon mini churros. Yum yum yum!!!  We will be back!!!!
We stopped there cause it smelled so good, but it tasted even better. The owners were there and bought each of my kids rides on their old fashioned mechanical horse. Bring a bunch of dimes for the kids.  Good prices and very kid friendly. I wish I had time for a beer. Great beer selection and great prices per pint. I'll be back.
Bueno is right! Their AZ burger is delish! The wheat bun was soft and fresh. I loved the green chili on top of the burger. They have no problems with substitutions or specialized orders which is always a plus to me. The fries were super tasty too. And $7.50 for a meal isn't too shabby for some quality food. You go Bueno Burger!
Very friendly staff with a unique menu. Kid friends, with a nice beer selection. Green chili burro was delicious, will definitely be back.
Just okay.  
The employees very nice and helpful when I ordered and the place was clean and comfortable.
But it was really nothing special.
I had a make your own burger with Cheddar Cheese, Raw Onion, Pickle, Lettuce, Bueno Sauce and Mayo and regular potato fries.
The Bueno sauce kinda had a poison taste to me.
The onion on my burger was dry and the thick stump end of the onion.  It was a very strong red onion.
The burger seemed like it was one of those preformed frozen patties.  It was not very tender.  It was actually a bit on the chewy side and dry.  
Not sure about the size issues that I read about in the other reviews.  It seemed like a 1/4 to 1/3 pound and filled up the bun.  
The fries were just okay too. 
Sorry guys, when I waste calories on eating a burger and fries I want it to be worth it!  I'll take In and Out burger with their fresh tender little burgers with yummy sauce and tasty french fries over Bueno Burger any day!
Never heard of this place but my Jeep group was doing an event here. I have to compliment this husband and wife team for a great night, good service and a Great burger. One of the owners talked me into their "Scottsdale Style" burger and she was right!  It was very good. I will go back here again.
Awesome service and awesome food!
The burgers were very good!! The glendale burger was a step above the rest. Will go back to try the Scottsdale . The staff was friendlyand attentive and the prices were very reasonable.
This place is fantastic. It is a melding of American style hamburgers with quality Mexican food. The burgers are literally mesquite grilled. You can actually see the wood burning in the grills, and the smell of the restaurant is rich with it. They also serve traditional burgers as well as straight Mexican food, but I suggest being a little adventurous and try one of their specialty creations. I had the Bueno Burger on a whole wheat bun and pepper jack cheese, it was out of this world. I had requested sweet potato fries and they brought out regular fries. They immediately corrected the issue by giving us a free order of sweet potato fries, and you can't go wrong with either.  They were perfect. I highly recommend this place if you're in the area, and if not, it's worth the drive.
Stumbled upon this place by accident while on vacation to the area.  Pleasantly suprised by this place.  First of all the BBQ smell inside is incredible!!  Basically this place takes a burger and puts an AZ spin on it.  I ordered a bacon wrapped hotdog with green chilis....it was excellent.  But don't come here if you're in a hurry.  Not that their slow, but everything is made to order, so it's not fast food.
Went into the restaurant a few nights ago, Tuesday, neighborhood night! Owner, I believe her name is Vanessa, was very friendly and talkative. Helped us ensure our order was taken care of and that we have a nice time. The first time I ate here I had the burrito bowl - not again. This time I had the chicken quesadilla with pico de guyo on the side. For something so simple, it was delicious! Will go back. Enjoy the friendly, neighborly atmosphere!
Very delish burgers.....best I've had in a while.  Prices are also very reasonable.  I really liked the combos that they've come up with for their burgers. Definitely not just run of the mill, lettuce, tomato & mayo (although you can get it that way too).

I had the Glendale Burger, which was so flavorful and juicy; highly recommended.  The sweet potato fries were also yummy.  I had a taste of my friend's onion rings which were the perfect crunch & texture.

The dining area has a flat screen with sports going (for all you boys out there), and it was clean, bright, and comfortable. I will def be going back soon!
Had the Scottsdale turkey burger,lettuce wrapped,,unbelievably delicious.Definitely going back. The fries, regular and the sweet potatoes ones, were excellent . Great menu ,friendly caring service,very clean.Price was really reasonably and it's great that they serve beer too.
I have tried a few of the burgers and dogs here and loved every one. This is a former Boston Market location and is essentially set up the same way. Don't be in a hurry, this is not fast food.
This place was horrible! I walk in and no one is there, and the guy behind the counter doesn't even look at me and gets on his cell phone and starts talking to someone. um like HELLO you have a customer?? He didn't even say, hold on ill be right with you, i stood there for about 5 min and then just left. the guy didn't even make a move to indicate that he was going to help me. I have no idea what the food taste like and i don't even care, they need to learn some customer service!
Very impressed. Absolutely delicious food. The service was excellent. Highly recommended!
So i went back to this place and tired it out, the food is okay i just got a cheese quesadilla it was okay nothing special they didn't give me any salsa or sour cream and all the employees seem so angry and in such a bad mood i didn't even bother to ask for any sides. My boyfriend got a burger he said it tasted pretty good. Overall i just felt like a bother to the employees, but there was one girl who was nice and had smile on her face but everyone else was so just rude. I mean we all hate our jobs but wow they showed how much they hated it. Overall the restaurant was clean and i feel bad that i didn't like this place because its got a great location but just not for me.
I got the beefless burger with cheese, gaucamole, lettus, and a side of sweet potatoe fries with a tab of $11.01.  Really?  The fries had a weird taste to them and an even worst after-taste.  The burger I could not taste the gaucamole and took apart my burger to make sure it was on it.    Not worth the price in my opinion.
Good food! family friendly spot! The owner Vanessa gave us excellent service acknowledging us and our kids! P.S. MUST try the Brownies!!! Thanks again Vanessa!
I really like this place. There isn't anything on the menu I haven't liked yet, plus they have this amazing sauce at the condiment station called Madison's. Get some of that, it truly is a treat!!! 

 I hope these guys open more locations, everything is mesquite smoked and cooked over a flame. The brisket sandwich is amazing. Restrooms and dining rooms is clean, and great staff. 

  Keep up the good work fellas!
Ate at Buenos Burger for the first time and loved it!  I tried the fish burger and it was so good.  I think they cook everything on mesquite grill.  Yum!  I just found a favorite new restaurant!
My friend suggested we try Bueno Burger so me and 5 others headed up there last Friday to give it a shot.  From the outside it looked like a typical fast food type place but after walking in you could instantly smell a light aroma of a mesquite wood grill.  We were then warmly greeted by the owner's daughter.  She has a very charming personality and she was very personable with all of us.  She asked if we'd been here before and we said no so she made a few menu suggestions.  We all thought she was so nice. After reading the menu and seeing the very nice selection of beers on tap I could tell this was no fast food joint.  I couldn't decide what to try since everything on the menu looked good.  I decided to go with the Scottsdale style burger (turkey) with some onion rings and a Negra Modelo beer.  About 10 minutes later, the owner and her daughter brought us our food along with anything else we needed.  The presentation was amazing and after taking a bite I started to laugh because I was in heaven with the mixture of a perfectly cooked turkey patty with a light mesquite smoke oozing with brie cheese along with the arugula, apple chutney, sprouts and pickled red onions.  I then told the other guys that I believe this is the best turkey burger I've ever had.  I even told the owner that if this burger were a bed, I'd climb into it!  I live in Gilbert and can't wait to come back with my wife.  Bueno Burger is Muy Bueno in my book.

Roger
Love the moist turkey burger and arizona burger. The ghost chilli paste is no joke! Its sweet at first but it sneaks up on you. The Sneaky Diablo is spicy without the ghost chili paste, so get it on the side.
Seriously awesome. The burgers are wood fired and have many different styles. Great place for a quick lunch but also a good place to watch a game and down some burgers & beers
Very impressed.  I have been looking for a good burger joint on this side of town besides Houstons for a while and it looks like I've found it! Stopped in this Friday afternoon around 12:00 and only had to wait for 2 people.  I ordered the McCormick Ranch Chicken burger on wheat bun and it is delicious.  I paired it with sweet potato french fries and those are delicious as well.  I was a bit disappointed as the prices on the wall either come with: fries and a small drink or if you want something other than fries and no drink you pay that plus the full price for what you want.  The man in front of me had the same burger as me with the fries and small drink and only payed around $8.  I, however, paid $10 for the same burger and sweet potato french fries with no drink.  Oh well, at least the food is worth it.  I will definitely be returning.
First time.   Had Gringo Style. Great flavor!  Pretty large patty too.  Enjoyed it very much.  Will have to go back.  Could find no fault.  Good fries too.

Think they should call out there is more than just burgers, there is fish, BBQ, chicken and salads too.  But of a misnomer and could limit clientele.
I was super impressed with the green chile burger! Packed with flavor, and meaty green chile, it's a hearty, tasty burger! I also had a GIANT sonoran style hot dog, which may not have been as awesome as the type one would get from a street cart, but really impressive just the same. The staff is friendly, and the menu offers quite a variety!  The meats for many items are wood smoked! Yay! 
What I did find so bueno about Bueno burger was the dining situation-  the dining room itself is clean and sufficient, with a giant TV, but the smoke from the kitchen is rather stifling. The outdoor eating area is huge, but picnic table style, made of industrial steel.... really... uncomfortable industrial steel. Food is king, however, when it comes to my opinion of a place, so 4 stars, for Bueno Burger!
Loved it. This was my first trip to Bueno burger and I will definitely be back. Don't let the humble setting fool you, this place is a gem. 
You can't beat the taste of a mesquite grill.  They have gluten free options too! I recommend the cilantro slaw--so tasty! 
I'll be back with friends. They have a great happy hour and friendly staff.
I went here for my lunch break and I wanted to find a new burger joint. I was incredibly impressed with the quality of the burgers here. I had the gringo style burger and I couldn't have been happier. I don't think they salted the frie for some reason, but I can overlook that.
Took our 4 kids out to BB tonight for the first time... My husband's final review of the place was, "It's dangerous to have this so close to us."  

Price: Decent.  At about $6.50 for a menu burger, not bad.  Doesn't come with fries or a side, though... but drinks were priced below what we see elsewhere (including bottled beer.)

Atmosphere: Ok, nothing special.  We went at 5:30, so note that the restaurant dining room is facing West .  The restaurant was almost empty except for us and a couple.  Folks were coming in to order take-out, but the dining room was wide open with a big tv.  The 10cent pony rides were a hit with my small children.  

Food: This is why this place gets 5 stars from me.  Holy guacamole, it is tasty!  And not just the guacamole.  We got an order of chips and guacamole... d@mn tasty!  Between us, we got Gringo Burgers, Borracho Pork, and McCormick Ranch.  The regular (Gringo) burger was juicy flavorful.  The McCormich Ranch chicken was marinated in an absolutely delicious chipotle, and had a slightly strong smokey taste.  Next time a sweet and savory slice of bacon would make this perfect.  And the Borracho Pork was phenomenal.  They say it is marinated in Modelo Negro overnight to give it an extra special flavor.  We all ordered wheat buns - nice option that not enough places offer IMHO.  Also, in my opinion, I wouldn't recommend take-out as these are all juicy and you'll have very soggy buns.

Final thoughts: We're full of regret that we did not try place sooner, but they'll be seeing more of us in the future.
First of all, let me preface this with a disclaimer. My girlfriend and I were hungry and couldn't decide on what to eat and as the hours moved on, we finally decided on Bueno Burger due to it's proximity to my house. Not double checking the closing time, we walked in 15 minutes prior to close.

From experience in the restaurant industry, I know that walking into a restaurant 15 minutes before close, you're asking for it. Bad service, leftover food etc. But regardless, we were hungry and this was a much better option than Subway.

We decided to take it to go to try and let the staff get out of there, but we didn't feel too bad as there were about 5 people in the restaurant already.

Food:  I had the glendale burger on wheat and my girlfriend had the carne asada burrito. The burger was decent, a little on the dry side but had decent flavor. The burrito on the other hand was lacking flavor and the rice was undercooked and was still hard/chewy. 

Ambiance: We walked in and there were a few people waiting for food and a few waiting for food. The big TV is nice while you're waiting. However, after we had ordered, two teenagers walked in, one with a guitar. I didn't think anything of it, but as soon as they ordered, the guy with the guitar started to play and the girl that was with him started to sing....badly. They sat down in the dining area and proceeded to sing the whole time we were there waiting for our food...a little over 10 minutes. While they were jamming out to old Pocohontas (yes disney) tunes, my girlfriend and I were starting to get annoyed but we decided to keep quiet as we were getting out of there soon. The place was nearly empty but these kids were playing like it was a street corner...inside. The staff proceeded to do nothing about it and it appeared like they knew them and the two were regulars (greeting by name etc). I surely hope this is not a nightly thing. 

Overall Experience: For the 15 or so minutes we were there, the first impression was not a good one. The staff seemed unexperienced (our food sat in the window for several minutes before being packaged up and given to us - resulting in luke warm food) and the two kids singing and playing guitar could have been charming had the music been decent or if the girl had a voice that wasn't like nails on a chalkboard. Not everyone wants to hear your terrible rendition of "Blue Corn Moon"...you just insulted Vanessa Williams to the nth degree.

Granted, it was 15 minutes before close when we walked in, but the restaurant and staff should be operating at full capacity till the business hours say they're closed. Since the restaurant is so close, maybe I'll give it another try during more normal hours...
Uggggggh. Our burgers were well done and tasted funny. We got the wrong food for the rest of the order and called. They said they would remake it and come back. They did not remake it and we waited a long time again while they did. The two of us that had burgers got sick. Enough said!!!!!
My kiddo attempts to ask for it by name (Bueno is a hard word for a little kid to say).  I think she just wants to go for the 10 cent pony rides on Swifty.

The food is decent.  I've never had anything horrible, but I've never had anything stellar, though.
Yum. Burgers cooked perfectly. Slightly pink and juicy.
Great burgers! French fires are great well done. I've heard the hot dogs are real good too, but have never had one.

It would easily get 5 stars from me if they added some creative milkshakes to the menu -- I'll bet that would bring in more kids with their parents too. They'd need to be made with fresh, local real ice cream from, say, Udder Delights or Sweet Republic. Since they'd have the ice cream if they did that, I'll bet they could add more fun and $$$ per customer if they added scoops and sundaes to the dessert menu.

Side note - the decor looks a little confused: too put together and non-eclectic to be a "dive bar" ambiance (like Greasewood Flats), and not finished enough to look like a local burger bar (like Zinburger), or stuck in the middle (like The Grind). But it still gets an A+ for great-tasting, mesquite wood-grilled burgers and really friendly service.
I have eating here for last two days unbelievably good food! Wish they had one of these in Southern California! If you're in the Scottsdale area you've got to try this place, if you like burgers on an open grill, Wow!
The tilapia fish sandwich was unbelievable! Love this place!!!
I've been driving by this place for a few months and had heard great things about it. We stopped in tonight and met the owner, Vanessa. She went through the whole menu with us, telling us about the mesquite fire and the quality of the beef, and how most of the sauces and toppings are made on site. We ordered and these are great burgers, cooked just right. The Bueno Burger is amazing with just the right amount of spice and seasonings. Also, the onion rings a are great. We will definitely going here again and again. Make sure you talk to Vanesa while you're there. Her sparkling personality is worth a sixth star.
Second time I have eaten here... It's okay. I like the concept and the options delivery was meh... 

My suggestions:
1. Put a chime on the door for slow periods. When someone walks in it is nice to be acknowledged right away; not after going unnoticed for a few minutes. Staff was extremely friendly after they realized I was waiting. 

2. Change the fryer oil regularly. O-rings were ok but they looked and tasted burnt. 

3. Hard to find a clean table, tend to the dining room and regularly wipe down your tables. 

4. More garbage cans. Customers (not me) had trouble finding it. Put one by the door upon exiting, and throw a small one by the straw caddy so patrons can dispose of their wrappers. 

5. It would have been nice to taste the bacon on the hot dog. Pretty sure it was burnt off.  I noticed a lot of jalapeños on my dog but my mouth is not burning. Lose the pickled jalapeños. 

Will I come back for a third visit? Meh? Won't be running if I do.
I had been to the original BB on the westside and was slightly underwhelmed. The concept was great the rest was not. 

So they move to a better location and the owner is maning the register. I asked her if it were possible to make a double but pattie it all together like one thick burger. 

The burger was a tad over cooked but man was it good. Such a great flame grilled char and wood flavor. I really enjoyed my burger and fries this time. Too bad it is sooo much further then before.
My boyfriend loves this place so I thought I'd give it a shot. I've tried 2 different burritos and both were dry and tasteless. Needless to say, I'm not a fan of Bueno Burger...
I typically drop by the shopping center this joint is located in to grab a bite from a different restaurant.  One day, this one caught my eye, so I stopped in to see what it was all about.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they serve up both Burgers and Mexican dishes....two of my fav's!  I've been here a few times, and here's what I've tried:

Bueno Burger (Guacamole, Salsa, Jalapeno Relish, Bueno Sauce, Lettuce), $6.50
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9Q#kWewQ-xSnrT41cAiz4nf9Q

Bean & Cheese Burrito, $4.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXA#YLd7kIlPXgOv0gV4oGesXA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypw#bptdJoBB5ihOYMKDZxOypw

Quesadilla, $3.95
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bueno-burger-scottsdale?select=jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vw#jGaSLpAupuiiDelOxf34vw

The Quesadilla is so/so, but the Bueno Burger and Bean & Cheese Burrito rocks!  The Burger has a nice sized portion of Guac in it...they don't skimp here.  

The Bean & Cheese Burrito is made with Black or Pinto Beans, not Refried Beans, and it tastes sooo good!  It also has Sour Cream and Rice in it....which tickles your taste buds.

Overall, it's a pretty good dining option for quick eats.  I will continue to come back.

Return Factor - 90%
Green chile beef burrito is outstanding.  Scottsdale style burger is also tasty for a low fat meal.  You cannot go wrong at BB.  Sweet potato fries are also very good.  I highly recommend you try BB!
For the fans of Bueno Burger it's no bueno because the lights have been turned off at this location. I was going to do lunch on New Year's Day and there was a For Lease sign. It's a shame, the lady who ran this place was so accomodating. She let me crash there while waiting for AAA after I pulled into the adjacent parking lot with a flat tire a couple of months ago.
CLOSED
such a pity!  We ate there once a week and always enjoyed the dog friendly patio with the great food
Very good!  Very good menu selection!
Great tasting chipotle chicken.  Beer and Wine!  Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, clean.  The only problem was that they had the TV turned up so LOUD I had to stuff my ears with napkin.  Seriously.
A new neighborhood gem! I shared a Glendale burger and the pulled pork sandwich with the significant other and both were amazing! Every sandwich/burger can be lettuce wrapped for a healthy alternative- which is super nice.
The barbecue here is amazing, I'm from Texas too.  A few must tries on the sides are the mac and cheese, corn succotash, greens, and grit fries. Don't forget to try the bread pudding. Staff was extremely friendly. I will make sure to make this place one of my pit stops on all my Vegas trips.
I love this place.
The food is amazing (great meats and sides - we tried the Mac and Cheese, cornbread, and rice) and the drinks might be even better. Really great price for fancy cocktails. 
Also, we had to try the Lynyrd Skynyrd Lager on tap and that was great too.
The space is really fun and great for concerts (there's a stage) or watching sports.
This place is a little weird.  You get your food from a long ala cart counter.  Meats are about $4.75 per 1/4lb, small sides are $5 and large sides are $8.  My friend and I both had the brisket, it was a little fattier than other places.  We also had the baked beans, dirty rice and greens.  These were pretty good.  The Lynyrd Lager is nothing special, tastes like beer.

With the food and a total of 3 beers the bill came to $63.75.  I didn't really feel like I got my money's worth.

They've got a pretty big stage which would probably be cool with some live music.  They also have several big flat screens configured to display one big picture.  Even with my poor eye sight I had no trouble watching the game.

Probably won't come back here unless my redneck cousins show up in town.
Was extremely disappointed. I understand they just opened but it was a pretty bad experience. First off the workers on the line (food is served cafeteria style) didn't understand English. Items listed oh the menu were no longer available. ALL of the food was cold. Bartender sent two wrong drinks to start. Wait staff was too busy talking amongst each other to address their customers. Last of all, the price, it's way too expensive for the type of food offered and the quality. Maybe this place will make some changes in the future but for now I'd steer clear. Manager did the right thing by offering 50% off the bill and even she said that some changes need to be made.
Quite disappointed. The meats served cafeteria-style were decently price but very bland. We ordered the mac and cheese that was also bland. The drinks were interesting and good. They do not skimp on the booze.

I was hoping for a good barbecue experience. Sadly this was not it.
I'm from the south originally (Skynyrd's hometown actually) so I have high expectations for BBQ places. This place is worth checking out but it's not among the best BBQ I've ever had. 

You order your food here cafeteria style. The meats are about $4.75 for a 1/4lb (I'd get a 1/2 lb instead, especially if you are going to share), small sides are $5 and large sides are $8.The small sides are plenty for one person but again to share you might want the large ones. I had the beef brisket which was a little fatty but pretty good. The mac and cheese was very good and I also enjoyed the BBQ beans, though they had a sweeter flavor than they do at most places. 

As for the drinks, you can't go wrong with the Honey Badger (cider with Jack Daniels Honey). This place may not be quite the BBQ you'd get in the south but worth a try on the Strip.
I love Lynrd Skynyrd.  This corporate piece of whatever ruins their name by giving you an overpriced buffet with a picture of the band hanging overhead.  There is no entertainment or schedule to be found.  When I asked if they are going to have a band, they stated that maybe they would have a band on the weekends.  You need to drop the price, add memorabilia, and have bands playing regularly.  Walk in and walk right out, after you see it.
When I recently discovered via the internet that the Excaliber Hotel and Casino in Vegas had recently opened "Lynerd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer" I knew I had to check this place out. We were planning to go to Vegas for New Year's so I figured it was the perfect opportunity to stop by. I read their website which mentioned that a "member of the band might even stop by at any time". Having been a Skynyrd fan since their  (Pronounced 'Lh-'nérd 'Skin-'nérd) days, I was looking forward to see what this new BBQ joint had to offer. 
First of all, this place has little to do with the actual band, other than the fact of the name. There is little evidence of Lynerd Skynyrd 's prescence in the joint, other than a painting on the wall. They also do not even play Skynyrd's music. The place is owned by drivethis entertainment consortium, which also manages rhumbar, Tacos and Tequila, and American Burger Works. It other words, it is owned by a corporation, and has little to do with the actual band. 
Not only was this discouraging to this Skynerd fan, but the place is unorganized and the staff seems perplexed as to what customer service is all about. When we entered the place, there was no hostress to sit us or greet us. We wondered over to the "chow line" ourselves since we saw other people standing there ordering food. When we made it through the line, the cashier asked us if we had a ticket and we told her no, that no one had given us one. We sat down at a empty table (again no waiter or waitress at this point). I went to the bar to order beers since the waitress never approached us.  The Corona's were $7 each. I asked the bartender if a band was playing later in the evening since they had a stage, but she couldn't give me an answer. 
While we were eating, I noticed the staff chit chatting with each other as other customers were as confused as we were. I noticed some customers leave in anger and or confusion. I summoned the manager over and spoke to him about our experiences. I mentioned to him that his staff seemed unaware that hte customers were confused, or they just didn't care. He listened to what I had to say and he asked me to jot down some things so he could remember them later. He seemed interested in what we had to offer as far as constructive criticism and he even paid our tab which was nice of him. That's the only reason I gave this place 2 stars. So if you're in Vegas and want a Lynerd Skynyrd experience for ol' times sake, download it on your I tunes, because you won't find it here, nor Southern hospitality. To their credit, the turnip greens were not bad, and the sweet potatoes were decilious. But the barbecue needs work.
Honestly we ate here last weekend because we were staying at Excalibur and it was the least busy restaurant. I kind of like the whole rocker vibe to it, but there is nothing noteworthy about the place. The novelty of the name/band affiliation does not make a restaurant.  The food was typical bbq that I could get anywhere, served cafeteria style..yawn. and as for the prices, give me a break! Even for Vegas it was overpriced and underwhelming. I had 1/2 a chicken, 2 sides and my partner had a pork chop and 2 sides which came to over $40!! I know its on the Strip but its not like this is a fancy restaurant.. 

As for seeing any actual members of the band, not sure if they actually stop by but I did see Vinnie Paul the drummer for Pantera there.  That is about as rock n' roll as it gets.
"Sweet Home Alabama" this place is no Curt's BBQ, Oklahoma Joe's, or Jack's Smoke Stack. The BBQ is better than Famous Daves or Tony Roma and gets a 9 for the tender fall off the bone spare ribs. Hands down the spare ribs were the most tender spare ribs I have ever had in my life. So why only 3 stars you might be asking.

I ordered a slab of rib for $47 (must have come from the golden pig) and true to Texas BBQ the meat had a good hickory flavor, but not to over powering, just the right touch however; lacked that I can eat the meat without any sauce seasoning. The house BBQ sauce here is great, a mixture between Sweet Babe Rays; Open Pit, and Mauls. The meat was a little bland and required some additional seasoning salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder to make the meat right. $4.75 for a 1/4lb does not apply to the spare ribs. The Spare ribs are $4.75 a pound with no sides included. Save up to go here because you will break the piggy bank.

I also, tried the pulled pork sandwich which was very good. The draw back was the thin 2 pieces of white bread that the pulled pork was served upon. Maybe they did not get the memo that this is a restaurant and presentation is a must to stay in business. I thought my younger brother made the sandwich. No sides of pickles, slaw, or anything. Just pulled pork on 2 thin pieces of white bread for $5 ouch.

This place gets 3 stars because the food is slightly above average however; the prices are ridiculous. Another Las Vegas BBQ place that has potential however; destined to fail and fall by the waste side because the prices are to high and place remains empty most of the time while paying ridiculous lease rates to the casino. What a waste, I would eat here in a pinch however; I would never bring a party of 2 or more here to eat, drink, and socialize because the place is to expensive. Granted that spare rib allowed 5 people to have 2 bones each however; filler, filler, filler I had to do some crafty things to fill everyone up. The staff is great, even the young girls with the trap stamps and skimpy clothes, but the place was empty in Las Vegas at 5:30 pm on the Thursday before Superbowl Sunday. The 3 sports bars that I passed up at other casinos to get to this place were busier than heck and I thought that I might encounter the same at Lynyrd Skynyrd, not.
BBQ was okay. Nothing spectacular. The beet was served in a small canning jar that smelled like chlorine.
Went today for early lunch.
Service was scarce. We were seated, then no one came around. 
We walked up to a cafateria style service. Order at the counter.
You pay by the1/4  pound, we shared a 1/4lb ea.  of brisket, ham and ribs all
 $ 4.75.'lb +-
plus 3/4 lb of roasted chicken plus 2 small sides beans and cole slaw.
Total $39.00 + tx
Beware the food cost add up quickly. Order slowly and ask before you commit on anything , your meat choice. They will weigh it in front of you.
Food - 5 STARS - Excellent BBQ, if you miss Salt Lick , this is as close as your gonna get. Sides were good too.
No Sauce on Meats you add at table.
Service - 1 STAR-  needs help, or make self serve.

Park in the back off Frank Sinatra and Reno . Walk in , near sports book.
This place is awful! Barbecue and beer are great together this is definitely not the place for it. Horrible customer service,  I love Lynyrd Skynyrd's music and will continue to listen,however, as far as for food...I think not!
The fourth star is for the great service. The food was okay, not great (I'm a Southerner) but about as good as you can expect for a low price in a Strip casino. Our server took our drink orders and explained the process. You order in the line and they make check marks on the menu so the server knows what to charge you for. My friend and I had the BBQ chicken, cornbread muffins, and macaroni and cheese. The food was surprisingly good for a cheaper restaurant in a casino. It's not great but it was definitely satisfying. It's great if you're on a bit of a budget and want to eat somewhere with a kind of fun atmosphere. I had a scoop of Blue Bell for dessert (hello, yummmmmmm). Our server kept my drinks refilled (I can only drink so much sweet tea though) and was fast and friendly. Fun time. Would be cool for a group!
very legit food & cocktails.  i was glad dicks last resort's kitchen was closed.  i gotta 3 meat combo that was excellent.  some people may think $18.99 is alot, but you get 2 sides & i left totally full.   house draft was a tasty beer & ' tea for texas'  is a rad cocktail. dug it so much i had my next meal there in the morning.   i've had alot of mediocre BBQ elsewhere; this place rules & i dig all the tasty BBQ sauces at each dining table.  will be back
$9.99 lunch special 11-3...huge pulled pork or beef barbecue sandwich and one side. It is cafeteria style so if you're hungry that's a good thing because you eat right away. My only dilemma was deciding which side...I went with Mac and cheese and it was awesome. Topping bar...all you care to have pickles, tomatoes, jalapeños, onions, etc. The $9.99 price was posted at the entrance but not on the menu so I had to ask for it, otherwise the menu was very pricey.
I've been going to Las Vegas for about 20 years now and L.S. BBQ is simply the WORST MEAL I've ever, EVER had. Avoid this place TOTALLY!

Why?

1. The BBQ pork sandwich: The pork taste pretty good but it comes between two sloppy pieces of white bread. I dare ANYBODY to be able to pick up this sandwich and eat it without making a huge mess. What a joke....pulled pork bbq soaks right into the bread and it falls apart.

2. Service: Simply put THERE ISN"T ANY SERVICE! You sit down, you have to go get your own sandwich, you return to your table, you eat it without anybody EVER asking "how's everything" or "is there anything I can get you". Everybody that works there is about 20 years old, ditzy and has obviously never worked in another restaurant in their life.

3. The receptionist: Equally ditzy and doesn't understand english. I asked if during happy hour if we get a side dish with out sandwich she answered "yes, of course". Then we are seated and told to go get our sandwich and for $5 that's all you get.

4. You go to the LS BBQ you kinda expect to hear LS music. NO,NO, NO. A basketball game was on the tube and played so loudly you couldn't possibly carry on a conversation with the person right accross the table from you. Geez, if I wanted to watch basketball I'd have gone to a sports bar.

Please, do yourself and everybody a favor and avoid L.S. BBQ. It's truly AWFUL!
We ate last week arriving about 9:40 PM.  The hostesses were very helpful telling us about the restaurant and that they would stop serving food at 10 but a live band would be starting so in we went.  Reading some of the reviews I can see some why some people had a problem.  I wasn't sure how it worked so I asked to confirm it was similar to how we do in Texas BBQ joints (which is what the food here is based on and the recipes they use for the meat is Kreuz).  Here you go to the cafeteria line, get a tray and a ticket, order meat by the pound and sides and dessert.  The meat is wrapped in paper (as they do at Kreuz in Lockhart, TX).  You then get your white bread (just like in Lockhart), pickles, butter, etc.  There was a girl at the start of the line to answer questions and explain the process.  The small sides were $4 and that is quite a bit for a side and meat is $4.95 per 1/4 pound.  There are also combos you can order instead.  There were 5 of us and the girl tried to put us on the same ticket and I said no we wanted 3 tickets and we were told no problem.  

The food was awesome! I had ham and pulled pork.  For sides we shared so I got to try the mac n cheese, greens (collard I think), macaroni salad and BBQ beans.  All of it was delicious.  My cousin had the jalapeno sausage and loved it.  Another cousin said the brisket was good.  Everyone I spoke to in the line spoke English so there was not problem there.  I also had a piece of pecan pie, it was OK.  

A couple of minutes after sitting down our waitress came for the drink order.  Our waitress followed up so many times and the bus boys were on top of everything as well.  The place is pretty new so maybe there were some kinks to work out but we had absolutely no problems.  

The bank played what I would call classic rock including Sweet Home Alabama.  They were really good, very talented.  We stayed for two sets.  As the night wore on the waitresses did some dancing on the bars.  

Overall, a great night with great food and music.  The prices are reasonable.  I will for sure go back.  In our group were 3 Texans (1 current and 2 former), 1 non Texan and me who goes there frequently and we all thought it was great.
Mixed results, BBQ was good but the side dishes weren't anything to write about. The biggest complaint is they don't offer BBQ sausages. And you'd think they'd have Lynyrd Skynyrd playing in the back groud but NO the had classic rock but no skynyrd.
I was a little skeptical about having world class BBQ in a hotel and casino but these guys nailed it! I went to school in the Midwest so i was pretty spoiled when it came to amazing smoked meats and steaks. I went there the other day with a couple of friends of mine and I had the Lean Brisket, and dear lord! It was Amazing. When my friends come in town to visit me here in Las Vegas this is one spot I am taking them hands down! Who said the West doesn't have good BBQ? CHECK IT OUT!
Loved it!  No cafeteria style dining as mentioned in earlier reviews, they are now a regular sit down and be waited on place.  Great music playing, delicious food and friendly waitstaff.  Will definitely eat here again next time we come to Vegas. Mac n cheese was so good along with the brisket.  Also 2 for 1 drafts with stay at Excalibur.
Ok, I'm mostly reviewing for the service and entertainment they offer. I rarely ever enter the Excalibur hotel. Shame on me for not even knowing that this place existed! It was funny. Our cool and hipster in laws came down to visit, and since they're avid lovers of karaoke, we ended up losing them in the casino and finding them in this place.

The place is HUGE! They have a bar, a stage, karaoke, DJ, host, and fun karaoke entertainers in crazy outfits. We came for the karaoke. They have a wide selection! From Elvis hits to Britney Spears. Up on stage, they also have fun little props for you to use to up the entertainment for all the brave singers. There's no cover, and they also offer free shots if you grab them from the nice promoters who pass them out. The bartenders also get  little jiggy throughout the evening as well as offering free shots to those who are brave enough to dance on stage when they do fun dance numbers for the audience to participate in.

We got this big souvenier goblet with orange slush which cost $14 and that already includes a shot (plus your free shot of 151). Shots of Patron is $12. I didn't try their BBQ since we already ate, but I am curious to try it out. We did have an order of cheese fries which I didn't think was that great. It's focused more on presentation than anything. /the fries are cut into HUGE cubed slices and was very starchy and not crispy like usual cheese fries are. It also had the cheese on the side. 

This is definitely a great find, and surely a fun place to hang out at for college students that are on vacation. The servers were also very friendly and attentive. Not pushy at all if you don't order food, and just drinks. 

Can't wait to go back and party, eat, drink it up, and surely karaoke it up!!!!!
I have no idea why anyone would give any stars for this god-forsaken restaurant.
Pulled pork sliders were just too cold and too sweet with no flavor. Half of a corn on the cob was waaaaaaaaay over priced and nothing much special at all. 
Spinach dip itself was great, but the pita chip was like 100 years old; just way too stale. We ended up asking for just regular chips which weren't any better. 
Only things that were actually edible were our bottles of beer.
I would rather eat off of dirty street than to eat at this place again in this life time.
Okay, 
  we just went here because we heard they had a decent happy hour and we were already inside the Excalibur. I didn't expect to find a 5 star.  Many of you may disagree with this rating, but I had no complaints whatsoever:

Pros:
* Texas Nachos were bomb!  Topped with pulled pork and who knows what else!  Amazing!

* Service (at the bar) was on-point!  Everything was basically $5.00 during their happy hour.  

* I ordered a Jack & Coke and got a Jack & Coke for the $5.00 special, not a generic version of the whiskey with Coke.

Cons:

* the only thing I can think of is that you have to venture into the casino to get here...that means fighting traffic (foot and car) and finding a parking!

Overall: I was very impressed.  Who says that the strip doesn't have a decent happy hour!  Definitely a pleasant surprise!

Tips:
* check Excalibur's website for current happy hour specials @ Lynyrd Skynyrd.
Here's some info on the place:


Hours:
Mon - Sun: 11am - Close*
*Last call for food service at 10pm
Rock N Roll Brunch:
Saturday & Sunday: 11am - 2pm
Serving southern-style breakfasts at: 
$7.99 Biscuits & Gravy
$13.99 Big Breakfast
$15.99 Steak & Eggs
and much more!
Don't forget drinks!
$15 Bottomless Bloody Mary
$17 Bottomless Mimosas
Happy Hour:
Monday - Friday: 3pm- 6pm
$5 Appetizers (Grit Fries, Texas Nachos, Fried Dill Pickles, Pulled Pork Sliders, Spinach Artichoke Dip, Chicken Wings)
$4 Draft Beer
$5 Well Drinks & House Wines
$9.99 Lunch Special:
Mon - Fri: 11am to 3pm
Pulled Pork Sandwich
BBQ Beef Sandwich
2 Pork Spare Ribs
Tossed Pulled Pork Salad
Smoked Turkey Caesar Salad
Special Events:
MondayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1am
TuesdayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1am
WednesdayHomeGrown: 10pm - 12am
ThursdayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1am
FridayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1am
SaturdayLyve Musyc: 10pm - 1am
SundayKlassic Karaoke: 9pm - 1am
HomeGrown Wednesdays:
Local bands hosted by Laurie Steele from KOMP 92.3
$5 drinks specials to local residents (must present ID)
Bout as close to southern BBQ in vegas you can get. Oh and for those who think the BBQ was to sweet you're all idiots..... SOUTHERN BBQ IS SWEET!!! everything was cooked perfect and the waitress was friendly. Ill def. be back.
This place was just OK.  A good friend told me about this place, he had never been there but knew it was opening soon.   Got there and ordered a rib lunch special with greens.  First the greens, they were terrible.  Greens should not be crunchy!

The ribs were interesting, totally the opposite of most of the places I've been to lately, can't I get something in the middle??  The ribs were a bit tough and marinated too long, the flavor was overpowering.  I was able to finish my plate but just barely.  Not great BBQ.  Memphis Championship is much better.
I don't even think this place is worthy of a single star. My husband and I were unfortunately staying at the Excalibur and wanted a low key dinner within the hotel. Maybe my hopes were a little too high because I was so excited about BBQ, but I was expecting a lot more. First, we went down to the restaurant and had to wait for over 30 minutes because they had a big wedding party and couldn't seem to accommodate both. When we finally sat down, we noticed that our waitress was always serving the big party of over 20 people. Awesome. It took forever to get our drinks, she didn't ask us if we wanted an app or anything. We basically had to do her job for her. It took a bit for our drinks because they were brought to another table at first. The manager then came over and ended up being our waitress. I wish I had looked at the menu prior to coming here. Aside from apps, nothing appealed to me. No pulled chicken or pork and the menu was really small. 

We ordered fried pickles for an app, and while they came rather quickly, they were not good. They were soggy and not crispy at all. My husband ordered the brisket with mashed potatoes and baked beans. The brisket was actually good. The outside flavor was great  but he had wished he ordered the lean as there was quit a bit of fat. The mashed potatoes were starchy and awful. They were cold when they arrived. The baked beans were spicy than anticipated but were not that good. I ordered the pulled pork sliders (an app) as my meal with a side of mac & cheese. The pork was extremely dry, I had to add a ton of BBQ sauce to even choke it down. The mac & cheese was mediocre, not much flavor but certainly not the worst we ever had.

It took forever for us to get our check. When we got it, they over charged us by $25. Then it took forever for them to run our credit card. We watched as the manager tried to close out our order only to let the waitress with the 20+ person party cut in front of her and use the computer to close out a stack of bills. It was extremely frustrating. Our table was practically on top of the big parties table, and they were an extremely annoying bunch. We think the food completely sucked for the price and we would never go back there again, even if we were given a gift card or a free meal. Plus, some of the waitresses shorts were a little too short for it to be sanitary. I love Toby Keith's & even Hooters on occasion and by no means have problem with half naked women serving my food. But when my bathing suit covers more bottom than your jean shorts and your handling my food, ew... it just completely grosses me out.

Save yourself the frustration and avoid this place!
If you wanna have a good time, don't bother with this place.  We had a group outing and met here for drinks.  The staff is beyond rude, b****y is the only way I can describe them.  Almost as if they don't want tips, or aren't getting paid enough.  Manager seems to be run by his staff and not the other way around.  Won't be back, and would NOT recommend to this place to anyone!!  Save your money and go elsewhere.
There are no more second helpings at Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer. The BBQ joint at the Excalibur closed down Wednesday, after only ten months in business.

Both it, and American Burger Works (that was also in the Excalibur and operated by the same group), have shut down and filed for bankruptcy protection.
 
The shack-like facade of Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer was sealed behind a solid white wall this morning, and all mentions of it have vanished from the Excalibur's website. 

Naming a restaurant after a band who lost three members in an airplane crash at the height of their success might have been a bad omen, but I am sorry to see them close down because their BBQ was quite good. 

I sampled one of their Pitmaster Combos on my last trip at the castle that included two succulent pork ribs, two very large portions of ham, and a moist hunk of quarter chicken. 

And unlike other BBQ joints that grill their meat, slather it with a pungent sauce, and then grill it some more, this place let the meat speak for itself. They simply seasoned it with a bit of salt and black pepper, finished it with a dry rub of cayenne pepper, grilled it until it caramelized and sweetened, and served it at that perfect point where the meat is ready to delectably fall apart. And if you wanted BBQ sauce to go with it, they offered a trio of tangy sauces to suit every palate.

Another downside to this place closing down is the loss of neat cocktail spot in this area. Their drink menu was quite off the beaten path with fun shots like the Death to Miss Piggy (bacon-washed Souther Comfort Fiery Pepper) and the Jack and Pickle Back (Jack Daniel's and pickle brine), and cocktails like the Double Wide Baconator (more bacon Infused SoCo Fiery Pepper, some Lillet Rouge, maraschino cherries and Angostura bitters), and my favorite, the Honey Badger (Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, some apple cider, Whiskey Barrel bitters, DiSaronno, lemon and a touch of cinnamon.).

"If I leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? For I must be traveling on, now 'cause there's too many places I've got to see." -- Lynyrd Skynyrd
FOOD: really really good!  We had a party of 8. We shared 4 combos and upgrade to large sides and paid $14 each. Reasonably  priced and had leftovers.            SERVICE:  non existent !! We went to counter to order and carry our own food and they actually had the nerve to add 18% gratuity. I complained and quickly learned why the service doesn't exist- because management is even more retarded!!                                                      My point- must try BBQ but order            TO GO!!!
I didnt know what to expect with all the mixed reviews. We were pleasantly surprised. They accommodated 10 people easily. Although they didn't have a kids menu they were more than happy to split the orders up and there is plenty for everyone. They food is absolutely delicious and the service was great. The decor is rough but its exactly what youd expect from a southern themed resteraunt.  I would defiantly go back!
Excellent Mexican Food, service and atmosphere! Try their Breakfast...the BEST we have had in all of Glendale!
I like the place so far, the breakfast burritos are awesome.  I had also ordered the pollo fundido but that is just okay.  The chips and salsa are fantastic and the service is always good.  I like the casual atmosphere, you can tell it was a fast food place because they have a drive thru but I think that is only for pick up now.  I would have to say it is the nicest casual Mexican place I have been too.
I just happened upon this place one day and I have to say the food is really good.  I am always on the hunt for good Mexican food, which is very hard to come by in Phoenix.

My first visit I had the pozole.  It was so good!  The service was friendly and the place looked new and clean!  I am a fan!
Pleasantly surprised!  Nice atmosphere, great service, and very tasty food!
I was really skeptical coming to this restaurant because there were only 5 reviews. 

The interior seating reminds me of some of the local restaurants in Mexico. Brings back joyful memories and a sense of comfort.  
The host was friendly and welcoming. Our waitress was very nice and helpful with the menu. 

I ordered the chicken mole which was tasted fresh and delicious! My wife had a mini-chimichanga with shredded chicken. She also enjoyed the food. My 5-year old son ate his rice and beans. He doesn't normally eat well at restaurants if he doesn't like the food. He loved it!

They also have a full bar with 2 flat screens hanging at both ends.

The service and food here is excellent and I am definitely coming here more often. 

5 stars!
We were just out and about, stopped in. My expectations were drop kicked to the curb. This place was awesome. I really enjoyed the food. The beans seemed home made like my momma's.  The service was awesome. It was very clean and really enjoyable. I will be back to combat my hangovers with some good ceviche.
Great food!
Friendly service!
Attractive restaurant!

Anaya's Fresh Mexican food is how they bill themselves. Fresh for sure!  I loved my dish. It was arroz con pollo (chicken with rice). An attractive plate that included lightly sauteed zucchini, mushrooms and peppers in a spicy sauce. A generous dish so I had leftovers--a lot of food for the price. Lunch buddy enjoyed the same dish except with prawns (shrimp).

Anaya's has an extensive menu, the usual Mexican fare but lots of different dishes and many that included seafood. They open early and even have a drive thru where you can get takeouts, like breakfast burritos or lunch or dinner. How convenient!

The Mexican furnishings and decor are authentic and outstanding--a cheerful atmosphere. Our server had a great attitude, friendly and helpful. 

Anaya's is a new family-owned restaurant in Glendale. I hope it does well because it has a lot to offer. Looking forward to another visit and trying some other dishes.
Tried it today for the first time. The food was very good and reasonably priced. My only "complaint" is the server never asked if we needed  refills on our drinks, which we did. The spicy, but very awesome salsa was the culprit. I will be back, I'm sure.
Excellent food, extensive menu, a+++
A place that probably won't last, which is too bad. There's nothing bad to say about the restaurant, service, or food. Unfortunately there isn't anything good to say about the food either. The food is fine, it's just not worth going back for. Gave 4 stars because its clean & servers are nice.
I used to go to this place before it burned down so I figured I would give it a shot since it was completely rebuilt.  I was disappointed to find out it was a totally new owner, name, recipes and menu.  They did an outstanding job of renovating the place.

I came in for lunch one day and ordered the fajitas.  The food was just okay.  Your typical run of the mill mexican restaurant.  I was disappointed with the portions as they were rather small.  For the amount of money I spent I feel that the portions were skimpy and therefore I havent been back.
I have been wanting to try Anayas for a while now but my husband was skeptical. He either wants Macayo's for sit down or Filiberto's for drive thru. Anaya's is a little bit of both.  

Stopped in on a Friday night around 6:30 to find it empty except 1 table with 3 diners. That was a red flag but we were greeted promptly and the restaurant was exceptionally clean, even the restrooms were spotless. We were seated quickly and immediately were given chips and salsa, and without asking they brought out basically tomato sauce for my 5 year old son. He was ecstatic, he had his own salsa and it made him feel special.

I wasn't really feeling Mexican..I know, I know, so I just ordered a cheese crisp. My husband ordered the Expresso Burrito with Asada, the child ordered off the kid's menu. All items are only $3.99 and come with either rice & beans or fries. He wanted the kid's cheese crisp. I tried to get him to order something else..so we could share, but he wasn't having it.  My husbands Aunt ordered a Pastor street taco with rice. 

Food came out quickly and was plated attractively.  My cheese crisp looked run of the mill, but I have to say it was exceptional. I'm really can't place what they did to that tortilla but it was delightfully crisp..almost like it was deep fried.  Husbands burro was of good size but he said the meat was cooked to much. I tried it and I would order it next time. To me the meat was carmelized from the grill and had excellent flavor. Aunt said the Pastor was good, she would visit and order the same thing again.  I did try the son's rice & beans. The beans had a good taste but the rice was just run of the mill spanish rice.

Our first dining experience at Anaya's was a excellent one, and it's a place we keep on our list. For 3 adults and a child our bill was only $40 and that included a margarita, Dos XX's and a soda. Fresh, fast food in a friendly, clean atmosphere. I hope they survive in this economy, it's a great neighborhood restaurant.
Found this very very nice Mexican restaurant close to 43rd & Dunlap 
It's called Anaya's 
Food is amazingly tasty  & the guys/dames who run this place are very hospitable & friendly!!!
That means a lot coming from a picky eater & a food critic like me - as you know!
U should come here with ur friends!
They have a full bar!!
This restaurant is fast becoming our neighborhood restaurant... let me tell you why.  First, you feel at home, always a smile, super super clean, the service is fast but the food is delish and hot.  The Blue margarita... is must have!!!! after one, you can't drink and drive... hahaha, sooooooooo good.  Bottom line is, we love it... we go once a week, the price is so good, we can actually afford to go once or twice a week.  I hope it stays the way it is... plus my hubby loves when the waiter call him "my friend" LOL.
Uses lard and chicken stock.... Not very friendly or knowledgeable. Would not return.
This is a solid place! We have been here a few times and they get an A+ on, fresh tasting food, friendliness and cleanliness!  Everything we have ordered has been really good. Ceviche is great and is loaded with fresh seafood, tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado! .Yummy! Give them a try!
The BEST salsa lives here!  The restaurant is very clean, has cute booths, and friendly service.  Fajitas were tasty and we really enjoyed this restaurant.
I recently returned to the valley and found this gem in my old neighborhood. 
Every dish my wife and I have tried has been great. Excellent spicy salsa! Love the ceviche appetizer and seafood entrees too.  
Clean, bright and cheerful décor combined with a great serve staff make this my go to Mexican restaurant.
This place was good ...i felt like I was at my friend Alans house!!! lets just say I felt like I was in Mexico with the music playing..the food was fresh very tasty. Chips in salsa was on point like a box cutter. People were friendly ..overall place was clean and I will be coming here more often ..no more Filismoothies for this litto stomach.
Met a coworker up at this place at first glance it looks like a generic Mexican restaurant chain that ends with bertos. Once I stepped in I thought I was in Narnia, colorful walls and animated tables and chairs filled the room. They were playing traditional regional mexican music reminded me of my friend Alan's house ( he's a Mexican that I met looking for work outside Home Depot) . The menu has fair prices for the quality of food they serve I ordered the huevos rancheros with a Jamaica ( you get one free re fill). The waiter was very friendly he looks like aziz ansari he was very efficient. All in all it was a good experience. I will be coming back to try the melon margarita.
Been here a couple times and I've left happy each time.
The food is good, not authentic really, but definitely good.
The margarita flavors are interesting (banana?) but also good.
I would definitely come back.
Oh, and parking is usually super easy because it's in a shared lot.
i went based on good to great recent reviews.and they didnt disappoint. i had machaca breakfast w/came w/rice n beans n tortillas. however, when asked for another order of tortillas i wasnt informed there was a charge. to my surprise it was $1.50 for 2 small flour tortillas. you can get a dozen  for .99........anyways food was good but lil things like that dont sit well w/me n im sure you can agree. like free refills or extra salsa come on guys...ill bring to their attention next time personally...
Great food, great service. Try the super hot sauce.
The restaurant was very nice looking and clean. My wife had the Arizona Chimi and said it was alright. I ordered the New york Steak and Mas AND IT WAS AWFUL!l! 

I ordered it medium rare. It came out with a suspicious gray color and well done. The server offered to bring out another. When it arrived, it too was gray. Upon cutting it in the center, it was a dull color, yet some of the edges of the steak were deep red and cold.

It was then that I realized that they may put "grill" marks on the steak, they actually cook it in a microwave oven. I've seen that gray color before and the uneven (raw) nature of the cooking confirmed it.

I was polite in declining another "steak" yet the server never apologized and still charged for half the plate.

We finished our dining experience, politely paid the check, and left.

I doubt we will go back. Too many other choices out there and microwaved, cold steak is NOT one of them. This was around 4:30pm on Monday, 8/12/2013
Seeing all the 5 Star Reviews, I made a point of stopping into Anaya's for lunch today.  I ordered my usual once or twice a week Mexican lunch, a Chile Relleno Combo with rice, refried beans & a hard shell shredded beef taco.
                                                                                                                                            `


THE BEST:     :-))

*  Stylish, casual, mid-sized full service restaurant with a full bar.

*  Friendly, attentive service.

*  Very inexpensive!

*  Both the chips & the salsa were 5 Stars!

*  Excellent menu choices & layout.

*  Good-sized Pablano Chile Relleno.
                                                                                                                                           `


THE OK:     :-)

*  Portion sizes overall.

*  I thought the rice was a little better than average.

*  The beans & taco were passable.
                                                                                                                                           `


The NOT-AS OK:     :-|

*  The music was playing too loudly.

*  My Chile Relleno seemed a little undercooked.


Chile Relleno & Taco Lunch Combo is only $6.25 (plus another 20% off for Srs. on Tuesdays!).     :-))
I have been here about twenty times. It was good from the start, but, every time there is some little improvement that impresses me even more. Last night I had theh 9 oz New York Strip medium rare, rice, whole pinto beans, a chile relleno. and some flour tortillas.  I always dump a whole little dish of their fresh salsa on my rice. I also had a margarita the way I prefer them with Cointreau and Corralejo Blanco Tequila. Everything was very tasty.  I will get the exact same thing next time.
Great quality! Best Mexican food in Glendale, nice decor, good service!
My first visit to this cafe and it was wonderful.I ordered the chipotle chicken, very delicious, good flavor, it was Saturday evening and to my surprise, there was a mariachi band, how nice to have a fresh new  restaurant in my neighborhood.
I've been in Arizona for 11 years and finally we have found a Mexican restaurant that we love.  In two days I've eaten here twice.  First day I had their street tacos and day two I had their carnitas and they were both excellent.  Anaya's is clean, comfortable, great prices and tasty.  I highly recommend it!
Clean place, great salsa, great service and really good food!  So glad we had lunch here. Do yourself a favor and try the Carne asada.
Anaya's is a great place to eat some legit Mexican food, and I'm from New Mexico where we love spicy. The salsa is actually pretty good and has a little spice to it. It's really hard to find good salsa in Arizona. So it's a pleasant surprise. If you have kids, they even bring out a not-at-all spicy version of their salsa and I find that to be awesome. I normally get the make-your-own combo plate with three items, chicken or beef taco, chicken enchilada, and red tamale. The taco is amazing 9 out of 10 times. That one time, it will come out a little to crispy or burnt. The enchilada is on point. As for the tamale, the first time I ordered it it was spicy and had great flavor. Since then, I feel that the masa has been extra lard-y tasting. So beware. If you're in the mood for an adult drink, try the "Bartender's Special Margarita" Mmm! All-in-all, they have great service, a great atmosphere and above average food. And for an added taste of Mexicana, go there on a Saturday evening for live mariachi music.
Perfectly good Mexican food in Glendale. The hot tortilla chips and spicy salsa keep coming throughout the meal. The carnitas were dry, yet had a lot of flavor. Margaritas were fine, typical sour mix and cheap tequila. The restaurant is accommodating to larger groups and splitting checks. This was my second time and I enjoyed it. Not the best mexican in the whole world, yet very tasty.

*BONUS - check in on yelp on your phone and take 20% off your bill
Over priced, ($23. for an enchilada dinner and a bowl of soup and 1 iced tea) small portions, (is there a shortage on rice and beans) food just warm, no hot sauce available, lousy service and they need to find servers that can speak English!

Plenty of better places around.
Went to try this after months of driving by. Its right by our house so we thought we would finally give it a try. The food was ok and way overpriced. I paid $10.99 for a chimichanga that was the size of a taco bell bean burrito and the beans werent very good either. I will not be back. Macayo's here I come!
A blurb in Phoenix magazine caught my eye (great chips and salsa and $3 happy hour margaritas) and the 4 star Yelp ratings said it was worth a try. Happy to report that this place exceeded all our expectations. Chips and salsa are excellent, the margaritas are great (though we missed the happy hour special) and the food is fresh and excellent. Yelp had a 20% coupon which they gladly accepted. Our food came and it was as advertised fresh and very tasty. The guacamole that came with my carne asada was in a fried tortilla bowl which I ate after wolfing down the freshly made contents. Overall the food and friendly service will certainly bring us back here again.
Excellent. Friends and I arrived there for an early lunch prior to our flight from PHX. Delicious food, fun atmosphere, and attentive service. 

I with I lived in Phoenix so I could come back more often! We could not have been happier.
After numerous visits,  this restaurant is still tops! Great location and wonderful decor. Most importantly the food is awesome!
It's good food (what the rest of my party had) and great service, but my entree fell short. It wasn't bad just unremarkable. I mark a good Mexican restaurant by how well they make their chile rellenos - this one had the seeds still in it. Which shows lack of attention to details in prep and just ruins the chile. It was flavorless and I pushed it aside. Super attentive servers.  Fast refills. Really good prices for food and drinks, including Margaritas.
Fourth time in and has been excellent every time. Some of the best chips and salsa and excellent margaritas. Latest dish I've had was the Chile Verde, very fresh and tasty. Highly recommended.
We just discovered this place and loved it! I had the enchilada deluxe with ground beef and green sauce and my boyfriend had a carne asada burrito. Their food is just great and the staff very friendly. I enjoy coming here once a week, if you go on a Friday they have live music playing. It's very very nice and I recommend it to anyone looking for great Mexican food.
As we went fleeing from Hi-Scores, we ran into one of my co-workers, who had finally gotten there after mass traffic on the 215. Well, we didn't want her to feel bad, and I wanted to hang out with her some, so we tried the next door "property" to Hi-Scores, The Player's Club.

If Hi-Scores is the unnecessary sequel to Insert Coin(s), The Player's Club is the very unnecessary sequel to that. It is the "Adventures of Lolo 3" of the barcades.

We were told The Player's Club was meant to be a more lounge-y, suave version of Hi-Scores, and when we walked in, it did have a very man-cave feel with cushy chairs.

But unfortunately, the problem was it was too much like Hi-Scores. The menu was exactly the same. The game area was even SMALLER, with a few foosball tables and pinball machines.

The kicker was when I ordered a Red Bull & Vodka. I swear this is what went down.

ME: I'll have a Red Bull & Vodka.
SHE: Is there a certain type of vodka you want?
ME: [pleased by this] Sure, can I get Skyy?
SHE: Okay, we'll get that started.
[Few minutes]
SHE: We don't have Red Bull. We have Monster though.
ME: Oh. That's fine.
[Few more minutes]
SHE: Um, we don't have Skyy. Would you like Grey Goose, Belvedere...
ME: Really? Uh, Grey Goose, I guess.

So my Red Bull & Skyy has turned into a Monster & Grey Goose. Fine, whatever, par for the course for the night. A few more minutes pass, and (I'm still not kidding) the dingy server brings me a shot of Grey Goose and half a lowball of Monster, no ice.

I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. HOW DO YOU SCREW UP A RED BULL & VODKA???

I actually had to go up to the bartender and ASK for a glass of ice. I took it back to the table, threw the shot over it, then poured the Monster on top. And when they billed me, I was billed a $7 vodka shot with a $2 Monster "bump."

If they thought they had any shot of me coming back, that got "bumped" right off the table.
Very cool feel at The Players Club.  Love the food there -- especially recommend the sliders, which are absolutely terrific.  I went with a group of girls and we shared different cocktails off the menu. Creative, tasty and not too pricy!  We loved this place and will be back soon!  (Maybe tonight!!!)
I took a group of 18 people for a party.  There was something for everyone.  My friends watched the football game, enjoyed great drinks and played many of the classic video games and poker games that were available.  We had a fabulous dinner that was a great value.  To top it off, they provided a delicious on-site baked birthday cake for our celebration.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this place for a fun night out. I understand they serve a great breakfast too.
I can't say enough great things about The Players Club.  After recently moving here I've been looking for a "Cheers" bar where everyone knows my name...the food, the fresh drinks, Brian the bartender, the Wednesday music and all you can drink wine all make my heart go pitter patter.  It's a compilation of it all that makes me frequent The Players Club at least once per week if not more.
Small bar and not crowded. Ordered a few cocktails with a friend. The bartender was friendly and even joked around with us.
We went to the high scores side of the building.Great unique food, loved the bacon wrapped corn dogs! Excellent job! While I waited for my food I played games in there 80's style arcade(no coins needed,free!) I almost missed my food :) the service was top notch! Tiffany changed the channel to the game I wanted and when another guy came in and asked to change it to yachting she told him, sorry that gentleman was here first, I'll change it after he leaves, and happily changed one of the other Tvs for him. Nice job girl! I'll be back for Monday night football and the BBQ pork French fries!
Not bad spot food ok but went to watch football and swing bartender came on and was spending more time fighting with her boyfriend than figuring out how to get games on. Sat in silence with blacked out TV's for the second half of all the games. Glad I don't own this place! Cashed out and went to Timbers next door.
Wendy is the top 'Drink-Slinger' in the area. Everybody needs to come and check out The Players Club.
Sam Fox does it again!  In fact, in my opinion, this is his best endeavor yet! I've been excitedly awaiting the opening of The Yard and it exceeded my expectations.  The well rounded culinary dropout menu has several solid new additions including a very nice Crispy Shrimp Caesar.  The antipasti is as solid as they get.  Great variety - love the beautiful presentation of yummy tete de moine cheese, and the roasted beets are delicious!  

Solid food and beverage is key, but what really sends this place over the top is the space.  It is notably large but the use of the space is just absolutely cool!  Great indoor/outdoor feel.  The huge game area on the patio is outstanding!  Lots of cornhole/bag toss and bocce courts and several ping pong tables!  With the addition of more tv's coming on the patio, this will be the place to come watch a game and play some games.  

Lots of parking in the back and plenty of bicycle racks on the patio for those who want to roll in on two wheels.

Very excited for the upcoming addition of Lil' Cleo's Fish House and Oyster Bar and also a coffee shop coming in the near future.

This place is just pure, tasty fun!  Go and see for yourself.
Sam Fox has a winner at their newest location.  Possibly their best in Phoenix.  Great job in converting/re-purposing an existing building by turning a motorcycle dealership into a destination.  

They took the existing Culinary Dropout menu from the Scottsdale location and made  a few new additions.  How can you not love a place that has both meatloaf and fried chicken on the menu to satisfy your need for comfort food. They have 18 beers on tap and at least that many additional available in cans, we're not talking about just Bud and Coors Light, lots of great craft brew choices.  In addition, they have an amazing selection of specialty cocktails and a nice wine list. 

Solid food and beverage choices are needed, but a great staff is always a key to a great experience and The Yard does not disappoint.  Everyone was great and made my visit memorable.  

What makes The Yard stand out may be the space.  Plenty of room for indoor and outdoor dining.  The two sided bar services both the indoor dining area and the covered outdoor area.  I call it an area but it is really a multi-purpose space.  There is bar space, dining tables, sofas & high back chairs (not patio furniture) with fire pits, and a huge game area that includes bag toss, ping pong and foosball.  You also get to park your bicycle "inside" at the far end of the space.   

Overall just a great place to drink, eat, hang out, and play.
A friend and myself went to the newest Culinary Dropout (Fox Restaurant Concepts) located at The Yard last night for one of their invitation-only opening dinners and it was a great experience from beginning to end. This Central Phoenix neighborhood just got little more fun and friendly.

We were fortunate enough to meet the architect and signage designer and gave them a big congrats on a job well done. And there's more to come! In addition to Culinary Dropout, three more eateries will make The Yard their home: an oyster bar, sandwich shop, and coffee joint. It will be a neighborhood place to go, eat, hang out, meet new peeps, and support the local community.

I first want to thank Culinary Dropout for the generous dinner: two alcoholic drinks, appetizer, two entrees, and a desert. Though it was chilly and there are numerous heaters, the hostess originally sat us at a table that was not near a heater. The beautiful white marble top was cold enough to starting mixing some Cold Stone on it with Butterfinger mix-ins. We politely asked to be relocated to a table with a heater, and without hesitation and with a smile, we moved immediately. The friendly waitress by the name of Jessica was knowledgeable about the food offerings, professional, and personable from the beginning 

We asked for recommendations for every course. She picked out our antipasto appetizer, which consisted of two meats, cow and goat's milk cheeses and roasted beets (I can't remember the exact meats or cheeses...sorry). When asked what entrees she recommends - after I told her no fish for me - she recommended the 36-hour pork ribs and the fried chicken. Both were amazing and the ribs peeled right off the bone. They do supply you with handy-wipes for your sticky fingers which was nice. We finished the meal of with the chocolate tart with sugar cookie crust and salty toffee chips on top. Table next to us had another dessert that smelled amazing. That would be the Monkey Bread and definitely getting it next time. 

Even though they just opened, there was not one glitch nor an ounce of chaotic servers running around like their heads were cut off. It was a very smooth show on our end. 

One reason why I really like this establishment is because of what it offers. It is VERY spacious. There's an 8,000 square foot covered patio. Two fire pits and great lounge sofas and beautiful wing chairs all covered in a soothing green create several outdoor living room areas. After dinner you can chill and chat on the sofas or you can work off your meal by playing Corn Hole, ping pong, or shuffle something (it is a table with pucks that you push for points...I think). Anyway, there is seating everywhere and plenty of elbowroom. 

Thanks again to all the folks who greeted us with smiles. We'll definitely be coming back!
From what i can tell, The Yard is the part complex under the VERY large shade structure once housing a motorcycle sales floor. It has upscale seating area with a garden party feel next to a playground area with corn hole, ping pong, shuffle board and a foosball table. It will be a great place to share a few drinks with friends or make a destination for a day's bike ride.

It looks to be eventually the shared open space for a collection of Sam Fox restaurants. Currently, there is only Culinary Dropout. But, we were told an oyster bar was coming soon. 

It also has a unique restroom layout that may throw you when you first enter.

It is a welcome addition to uptown Phoenix.
I was lucky enough to get invited to one of the soft openings at Culinary Dropout on Saturday night and really enjoyed it.  As I have lived in this neighborhood for many years, I have seen the space sit vacant, and they have made a great re-use of the spot.  They retained the huge awning and created a really cool outdoor space that includes fire pits, ping-pong tables, corn hole, foosball and some comfortable looking chairs.  We had a reservation and got their a few minutes early which gave us a chance to explore the space and even play a bit of ping-pong.  Now the food.  Started with a burrata appetizer that was very tasty.  I had steak and fries and my girlfriend had the meatloaf.  We both were pleased with our meals.  The drinks were also top notch, as was the service.  This place is within walking distance from my house and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  They will be opening up a fish place/raw bar there in March, sharing some of the space with Culinary Dropout.  That will be great to have.  One thing they will probably have to fix, though, is the parking, which is reminiscent of Postino Central.  I am sure the neighborhood will be putting up some no parking signs real soon.  
Can't wait to walk there for brunch of of these weekends.
A week ago I had the opportunity to enjoy the Yard pre-opening at one of their sampling parties where they test their menu and service prior to opening day.  Under normal circumstances (i.e. when I'm paying for it), when experiencing a new restaurant for the first time, I would rarely deviate from what I consider my "go-to's", on a menu. I'm predictable like that, something I know about myself. But these weren't normal circumstances. 

The food was pretty good and nothing I wouldn't have expected from Culinary Dropout. I had the prime rib dip, and it was alright. No onion soup that day, but the au jus was a decent complement. The thing I really liked was the beer selection. It's refreshing, all the new places that are stocking craft beers, with names you never heard of. The Yard is no different. Now Deschutes and Delirium are starting to pop up all over the place so I wouldn't say they are anything new, but delicious none the less. What they do have is a Lager called Batch 19 Pre-Prohibition. Sounds cool and tastes even better. I had to try it, even at lunch which I never do, but again, this was no ordinary day. 

The size of this place is just massive and I can't wait to see what the next couple months hold. The metal canopy that used to house Ducati's and Kawasaki's has be tastefully re-purposed and can easily fit 300 people on a bad day.  I hear they are going to be hosting concerts and events. I'm sure I'll be at a few. As long as the crowd stay's cool and not to pretentious I'm sure I'll be back a lot. It's got a phenomenal location, in a much needed part of town. I can't wait to go back and see what the nightlife is like!
Fox does it again. Great food and concept. 
The Yard is working out the kinks in the kitchen and service but that by no means should keep anyone away. I do not think the place is even a week old so be patient and enjoy the view. 
We enjoyed the crispy shrimp salad and the pastrami on pretzel bread. Outstanding on all levels. Price, portion, flavor, execution.
How was it? I don't know! Parking was a mess the Friday afternoon we tried to experience this place for the first time. Parking attendants weren't of much help stating that they had no more spots available.  We'll be shure to try another time - stay tune! Cheers***
We met some friends at the Yard to celebrate my birthday.  As you've likely ascertained from previous reviews, the place is gigantic and has lots of games and fun things to do which makes it great for a chill Sunday afternoon.  Allow me to start with the bad since this is a new restaurant and I hope the people at Fox are still seeking feedback......cause besides a few quirks this place is awesome!

The Yard utilizes a cell phone paging system to call your table which is great, I hate those dumb pager things.  We had to wait for our friends so we found a few open seats at the end of the bar to wait.  When I say end of the bar: Imagine a long, square wooden bar surface with maybe.... 30-40 seats on the long ends and 2 seats on the short.  Well, we proceeded to wait, for 15 minutes, while not a single one of the 10+ servers acknowledged out presence.  This is not an exaggeration, I know it was 15 minutes because that handy cell phone paging system buzzes you after you put your name in.  

We could actually see the servers scan the long end of the bar and their eyes never made it to the short end, it was entirely as if we were invisible.  On my birthday, I was invisible.  Thanks a lot, Fox.  We actually watched a female server service one group of guys 3 SEPARATE ROUNDS of drinks,  and a couple of ladies 2!  SERIOUSLY.  And the place is loud enough that you cant casually lean over and say, '"excuse me..."'.  Eventually, I yelled:  '"EXCUSE ME, IS THERE BAR SERVICE OVER HERE???""  If you can frickin believe it this bartender responded "Yes" without coming over to take our drink order!!!  She seemed surprised when I followed up my rude inquiry with: "I would like to order a drink".  Cause, you know, I am sitting at the bar.  Waiting......   She never did come over, a different bartender (who had also been ignoring us) eventually came over.  

The thing is....  they were not actually ignoring us.  They never even noticed we were sitting there.  They were soooo focused on pumping up the local D Bags with shots and PBR they never even brought us a menu.  We WATCHED their eyes scan the bar and stop 2 feet short of us.  If anyone even cares, the d bags stayed to play games, while the chicks finished off about 12 rounds of whiskey, straight up, before teetering off to the valet.  Awesome.  

Anyway, everything else is exactly what you would expect from a new restaurant + culinary dropout.  The server is over attentive, everyone checks your ID 15 times, there are 5 hostess's crowded around a tiny station.  The food is good, Arrogant Butcher is better IMO, and so similar I wont bore you with the details.  We had a great experience due to our friends being there, and once the Sunday Funday crowd cleared out around 8pm we played Fooseball and Ping Pong.  They also have shuffle board and bean bag toss, and a ton of tables crowded around gas fireplaces ala fancy backyard (fun!)  You should know that if you want a drink while playing games you have to go up to the bar, which is strange and not obvious.  Servers will walk around the games area, but they dont take orders, and they dont bus dirty tables, and they are annoyed if you ask for a drink as if you should know this already (THEY NEED A SIGN, MMMK?)  We did see a bartender get a new keg and slam down a pint in the stock room which was funny.  

So, in conclusion, despite my poor review, we did have a really good time and I left satiated and satisfied.  Once they work out the kinks this place will be an American Beergarden of Awesomeness.  I highly suggest you hit it up during an 'off' period (no HH, Fri/Sat)  so you can utilize the games and get a sweet table.    This would be a great place to get to know a new date or just kick it with old friends, and the food is legit.
If you ever wished you had a really cool yard, filled with fun games like ping pong and cornhole, decorated with fashionable, comfy furniture, populated with trendy cenpho families and couples, and attended by a helpful, hip waitstaff, serving delicious food and creative cocktails, then The Yard is the place for you.
 Service was friendly and prompt, and they happily accommodated our seating requests for heaters/sun/light/etc.
 The brunch menu (Culinary Dropout) was enjoyable, but not fantastic. I loved the Capn Crunch French toast, but the burger was just meh, and the breakfast burrito was kind of lacking.
 The bar menu looked awesome, but since I'm with child, I had to be satisfied with just dreaming about their creative concoctions. I figured a bartender that dreamed up a book full of interesting cocktails and shots must be able to whip up a pretty good mocktail, right? Wrong, I guess. My request to the waitress for the bartender's choice of "something interesting without alcohol" was met with a blank stare and an offer of fruit juice. I clarified - "do they make any virgin cocktails or mocktails?" She said she would ask, but came back with a half orange juice-half pineapple juice. Not exactly the most daring of creations. Oh well.
 The main attraction here is definitely the outdoor seating area (or yard, if you will). The business was originally a motorcycle sales/repair place, and the motorcycles were all showcased under a huge canopy. That canopy forms the cover for the yard and provided almost 100% shade on a Sunday morning. Under the canopy are a turf area for cornhole, about 4-5 ping pong tables, a foosball table, shufflepuck, and lots of seating. The area is really huge, and even though there were lots of customers in that morning, it was never packed. In addition, there's plenty of space for bike/stroller parking, which was really cute, and seemed to encourage many of the locals to venture out for brunch.
 The  brunch crowd contained a lot of families and there were plenty of kids running around the cornhole turf. I imagine the scene is a little different at night, but I can't comment on that.
 I'm excited for the new seafood restaurant that's opening in one of the other spots surrounding the yard - I read somewhere that it will be an oyster bar, so that would bring a different vibe. Somebody else said a 3rd position will be occupied by a coffee-shop type place, but I can't confirm that.
 Overall, another good eatery with awesome drinks and a super-cool vibe to add to your uptown rotation.
The best pieces of Culinary Dropout - put together in an awesome Arcadia-esque scene, right in North Phoenix. If you're in the area, swing on by - grab some great cocktails/beer - enjoy a tasty bite - and be a kid for a while playing some classic outdoor games. This is the type of place I can spend a whole afternoon at. Expect this place to get busy and stay busy. Official new stomping grounds of "Sunday Funday-ers" everywhere.

- Good live music with built in stage setup
- Enormous covered patio with astro turf area
- Covered bike parking inside (keep those cruisers safe!)
- Joint bathroom sinks provide funny and awkward moments
- Soon to open oyster bar sure to add more unique options
- Enough space for more of Sam Fox's brain children
The best thing I can say was that the food was good.  Then it went down hill from there.  The hostess scowled at us when we asked for a booth.  The waitress never smiled.  When the food arrived (there were three of us there) all we could do was gasp and laugh at the puny portions.  Then when the bill arrived - we were still hungry and it was $60 for lunch.  On the upside the manager was called over and they brought out some extra food to 'make up' for the small portions at no charge.  That would have put our lunch total to $90 for the three of us.   Eek! Me thinks not.  I will never go back there.  Oh yea we arrived at 11 am on Monday and got the last parking place.  For me the Yard is totally ridiculous.
Great food, fun atmosphere. A tad loud though. I prefer their quieter locale in Scottsdale, but the space is very cool and is an impressive place to take someone from out of town. Go!
Love the concept. Plenty of things to do. Good people watching; however, the kids are overwhelming and unsupervised. I felt like I was at a family BBQ- and not in a good way. If I were to return, it'd be much later in the evening when you could be comfortable knowing you're surrounded by adults...
Love it! Fantastic open air space to enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather. This is Phoenix living at its best! They could use more drink specials for happy hour though.
I have to say that I love all of the Fox RC's but my visit to The Yard this past weekend was just average. 
I think what soured my mood to start the evening was the handling of our reservation. My wife and I had made a reservation for a fairly decent sized group for a Friday night, and requested the patio. They had told us they would accommodate that, which was greatly appreciated. However, upon attempting to seat us, they said that patio was unavailable and would be an extra 45 mins. That being said, we agreed to sit inside, where they attempted to sit our party at 2 seperate tables which were not exactly close to each other. So we had to do some rearranging to set up a cramped space in the corner for our entire party to be seated together. 
Now, I don't want to think that a mix up with the seating/reservation is a reason to completely bash The Yard. That's something that you know won't necessarily happen on every occasion. However, the food I thought was just average. Good, but not great. The beer selection was also good, which I also took as a nice plus. 
I would say that despite feeling unsatisfied after my first visit, I still will definitely go back and hopefully get an opportunity to enjoy some of the outdoor activities.
My experience at the Yard reminds me of the Seinfeld episode with the rental cars:

"See, you know how to take the reservation. You just don't know how to hold the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation, the holding. Anyone can just take them."

I made a reservation for 16 people for a Friday night at 6 p.m. There was torrential downpour that day, so when they called to confirm my reservation, I requested we not be seated on the patio. They then proceeded to talk the patio up BIG TIME. Nice, warm, secure, super covered. Plus, there's tons of games and great ambiance. Needless to say, I was pretty excited about the patio then.

We arrive at the restaurant. They're busy. That's expected. However, they could not accommodate my reservation, especially not on the patio.  After about fifteen minutes, they sat us inside and attempted to do so at two entirely separate tables. I said that wouldn't fly, so they jammed all of us into the tiniest space possible. Not the best treatment for a large party with a reservation.

Our server was great and very apologetic. She was super attentive. However, no one from management ever came to apologize. The place is also insanely loud. I had to shout at the person next to me. Then a live band came out and the place got even louder. I'm only 27 and it was too loud for dinnertime, if that says anything.

The food was just average, except for the kale salad and pretzel bites. Quite tasty. The drinks were phenomenal, but overpriced for size and alcohol content. I had a free birthday dessert--the tort. It was very good.

I'll give the place another whirl, but not with such a large party. And not on a Friday night.

P.S. The bathrooms will throw your for a loop. Parking is ridiculous. Just do the valet.
Visited The Yard for the first time this weekend and was thoroughly impressed. Had some friends from out of town and everyone had a blast playing ping pong, cornhole, shuffle board, etc. Great atmosphere to accompany the tasty drinks. Looking forward to trying the food the next time we visit, but by all accounts this looks to be one of our regular spots!
Third time here. I live literally a 1 minute walk from this place so it's nice to have a place to walk to. Food is decent if you want comfort food. Noise level is VERY high & the kids definitely add to it. The staff is very friendly but unlike other restaurants in the neighborhood they are way too busy to engage you in more than "what would you like & is everything ok" conversation.  They are quick to fix any mistake no matter how small it is which is very nice. I would definitely give this place a try.
Myself and my girlfriend decided to come check out the new place after hearing about the atmosphere and outdoor environment.  Being fans of Sam Fox in general, it was an easy risk to take on a Friday night with perfect weather.  The place just opened so I expected it to be packed especially with the perfect 80 degree weather we had.  Parking is a mild issue but they provide complimentary valet which is nice. 
 
When we arrived we were told it would be an hour to an hour and a half wait which we were ok with.  They use an app that alerts you via email and gives you a party count that updates as tables turn.  I really liked this as we were able to roam and have some drinks out in the yard all while having a good idea of our tables ETA.  I have read that some people have experienced reservation issues and unfortunately we witnessed this as well.  As we were about to be sat, a group of 8 got there page and came to discover that the host made the reservation for two because she saw two people.  I felt really bad for them knowing they waited just as long as us and that they would have a hard time getting a table for 8 right in the middle of the Friday night dinner rush.

Some have complained about the noise, it is loud but this isn't Maestros and you should know that.  We don't have kids but I did like that it's a family environment, very cool concept that I would like to see in North Scottsdale.  The crowd as a whole was very good as well, no hipsters, bros, dickheads, frat guys or yuppies.  I really enjoyed the couple hours of drinking and eating we spent there and will return.

I'm not really going to get in to the food too  much because it's nothing new if you have been to Culinary Dropout.  The ribs, fried chicken, pretzels, and sandwiches are all good.  I've never had a bad meal at Dropout, the menu holds no risk to most diners.  

My overall summary, of all the Sam Fox restaurants this is the coolest/most enjoyable place in my eyes.  I will return many times, despite it being a bit of a drive from North Scottsdale.  If it weren't for the great environment, I would give it 4 stars simply for the stellar menu, but it really is as good as it gets for someone like myself.
It pains me to poorly review a Sam Fox restaurant, because usually I'm a big fan. However, my experience at this particular location was pretty horrible.
First of all, do not come here with any expectations of grandeur. Although it no longer resembles the motorcycle shop that it once was, and has been spruced up with string lights, trendy furniture and nice landscaping, this place still has a bit of a grungy, rock-n-roll feel. Not what I was looking for. Also, do not expect to beat the rush by going on a Wednesday night. We went on a random Wednesday in March and had to wait for AN HOUR. Granted, we could have made reservations, but I didn't think it would be necessary. It was not the most fun when it is your anniversary and you wore your nicest dress and there is nowhere to sit and wait except for picnic tables and adirondack chairs RIGHT next to the cornhole toss. As in, you can feel the bean bags ruffling your skirt as they whizz by.  Not my idea of a romantic night out. I obviously chose the wrong place. The vibe isn't helped when there are kids everywhere. Don't get me wrong, I'm a teacher, I love kids, just not when I am out on the town.
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods. One thing I will say is that the Pretzel Bite appetizer cheered me right up. Those pretzels are DELICIOUS when dipped into a pot of silky provolone cheese. However, they have this same appetizer at Arrogant Butcher, and this was the only positive on a menu that otherwise is completely unimpressive. Salad with ranch dressing? Yesterday's soup? Meatloaf? Beef stroganoff with frozen peas? Come on. You guys can do better than that.  I got the grilled cheese slider with tomato and bacon and they used AMERICAN CHEESE. At least, I'm pretty sure.  Also, the tomato was bland and the bacon was undercooked. So disappointing. I didn't even finish my meal.
I will not be returning here, even after they add more restaurants. If anything, that will just make this place more hectic and overcrowded.
I arrived for lunch with two friends...no reservation, but..arriving at 11:30AM, on a Monday I did not expect a problem...
And...encountered no problem and got seated quickly in the Patio area.
Drink order was quick (good pilsner!)..I and another friend ordered the M.A.C. Burger. I wanted mine pink in the middle, got a well done...ordered fries, and it looked like enough to feed a three year old...way too skimpy on the fries. One of my friends ordered a different burger, wanting it pink-or medium...that to came well done with a child's order of fries.
I'd give my  first visit , on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best....a score of 6.
Would I return for lunch again??   Not for a while.
It is pretty noisy, too...so if one wants to do a "business lunch", that could be a problem.
It's Sam Fox.  The food is reliable and maybe a dollar overpriced.  The food (which is Culinary DropOut which is essentially Arrogant Butcher) will not offend or disappoint.  The salads are tasty and as always the pretzels served with cheese fondue is tasty and filling.  Be forewarned that gents, if you were a trendy gingham shirt, you will be mistaken for a member of the staff.  Parking is valet only, (and the entrance a little tricky (on the north side)) but I really don't mind valet.  It keeps guys employed who would otherwise be working fast food.  I like the interior, which is low key with a chandelier here or there.   Truly the reason to be here will the patio.  As other dining establishments open up, I can only imagine that it will become more crowded, but while the weather is nice, you should definitely come on out.  It's a nice change of pace from Vig Uptown, and admittedly the food is a bit tastier.  Just don't come expecting your mind to blown (foodwise) and don't wear gingham shirts.
This was the worst dining experience I have ever had. EVER. I am a giant fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts and the first time I went to The Yard - I was so excited. Conceptually, the design is stellar. However, I will not be returning. I called to set a reservation of 12 for my birthday this past Saturday. I was told they did not take reservations. Turns out, they do. I have had several friends that have been told they do not take reservations and another set of friends that say that they have actually made reservations. I found out upon my arrival, they do indeed take reservations. They need to get their story straight.

Anyway, we show up at 3:15pm and put our name on a list for 12. We were told 1 hour to 1.5 hour wait. No problem, we went to the bar. While at the bar, the staff was literally fumbling over one another and it was not even that busy. The entire bar (people we did not even know) were all complaining about the time it took to order one drink due to the lack of attention from the bar staff. 

At 4:30, I go to check in with the hostesses. They had sat a different group at our table and said they would try to find us a new table. This was a result of their miscommunication as a staff. They were not able to clear a table for us right away to rectify their own mistake, so they sat us in a lounge area about 10 minutes later until they could find us a table. However, we would have to vacate the lounge area by 6pm because -wait for it - someone had a reservation for the lounge area at 6. My only prayer was that we certainly wouldn't still be waiting for a table at 6pm (nearly 3 hours later!). 

The waitress for our lounge area was so incredibly rude that I cannot put it into words. I have never had that poor of an attitude from a staff member at any restaurant, especially Fox. After the biggest let down of giving our table away, I was hoping perhaps they would offer to buy us a pitcher of beer or some appetizers. We received one bowl of chips and one fondue dish...for the entire group. We had to wait over 15 minutes for one round of drinks (that we were charged full price for). It was not until the time was nearing 5:30pm that the manager seemed to get proactive about finding us a table. Fast forward to 5:45pm (2.5 hours after arriving) and there is no table that even seems to be in sight for us to be seated at and we are still receiving horrendous service. We decide to go down the street to Zipps where they could seat us immediately. Can you imagine how hungry we are? Arriving at 3:15pm ready to eat?

The manager noticed we were leaving and came over to try and get us to stay. I had been so incredibly respectful, nice and understanding throughout the entire process until I hit my breaking point as we were leaving. I explained that people literally spent money to fly in for this birthday because it was a very special birthday and we chose The Yard for a reason! However, the experience at the Yard ruined my birthday. Upon unloading on the manager, they took care of ONE of my $7 drinks (woohoo?) and he sent me on my way with a free brownie. 

It truly seems as if they only hired for looks at this restaurant because everyone that we encountered may have been good looking, but seemingly had never worked in the restaurant/hospitality/service industry. I have never been so disappointed in a dining experience. The manager asked for my email address so that they could invite us back and give us a special experience. It took him four days to send that follow up email (I received it this morning...prompting this review). Any professional would have sent a sincere apology within 24 hours, which is typical business practice. 

Is there a chance that my group was the exception to the rule? Possibly. However, I am not willing to return and find out. In fact, I will not be returning to any Fox concept for quite a while. Disappointment does not begin to describe my experience at The Yard. Possible patrons beware!
couldn't wait to try this place from the time i heard they were turning the motorcycle dealer into a "beer garden".  Food was so-so, drinks way over-priced and the atmosphere was noisy and very impersonal - not at all the "beer garden" atmosphere i was expecting. The "yard" area leaves a lot to be desired as there is no organization to the games...where do you go to check out equip? no one around to ask, no signs, nada.  The parking?! a complete nightmare - negative 10 stars on that point.  Probably won't be going back, too many other nice, convenient places opening in the neighborhood.
Friday happy hour should not be dominated by kids. Happy hour seating had a 45 minute wait. Regular seating was immediate. What's the difference? Happy hour prices only apply to happy hour seating. They should just be upfront about your choice. Pay full price and sit with kids, or stand with adults and get happy hour pricing.

Good food, good service from Casey and Nate, and nicely measured drinks save a 3 star rating.
This place had me confused from the get go. First off, no parking except for valet, which even though is free you still always tip so it's not free. Is this Phoenix AZ or Los Angeles CA? The neighbors around this place must be pissed, if you don't use valet you have to park in front of their houses. The valet lot is tiny so they run out of room very quickly.

Second, is this a nice restaurant, a sports bar, or a playground for children? I was greeted with a line of about 20 people before we could even speak to a hostess so we just walked into the bar/playground area on our own. After wandering around looking for a seat a little tabled opened up and we took it. Uncomfortable little metal stools and a rickety wood top was what we had to deal with. There was no wait staff coming around to any of these tables so we got a beer from the corner beer bucket girl. $5.25 for a can of Fat Tire. A can. Not very impressive. I suppose I could have walked up to the bar area but it was stacked 2 deep with people waiting to get their drinks as well so I decided to go for the easy way out.

The shuffleboard game was being used by some 6 year old kids who were playing with the sand and not the pucks but the board itself looked like a cheap one and was not very long. We decided to pass up that game and hoped to play ping pong since there were two tables empty. When we went up front to get the paddles the hostess said "I guess the people who have those paddles are eating or something" and we were not allowed to play. The tables sat empty until we left. I noticed on the two tables that were going that there were many instances where people walking down the path were almost hit by the pong players. Ping pong doesn't seem like a good fit for the small space they put it in. Bean bags perhaps, shuffleboard sure, ping pong no.

I can't comment on the food because we never had a chance to order any and the wait for getting inside the restaurant was over an hour. I am sure the food is descent since it is a Fox establishment but the prices I saw seemed a bit steep. 

Again, I am not sure what this place is all about but it definitely didn't feel right to me. I don't want to be hanging out with my friends drinking adult beverages and dodging 5 year old kids who are screaming and running around with no supervision. Is this place meant for families with small kids? Is it mean for college people? Is it made for jocks? Girls that like to get all dressed up? Older folks? Locals? I saw all of these people there and everyone looked out of place to me. 

It will be interesting to see how it works during the summer time, I didn't see any misters in that outdoor game area. Good luck Yard, I doubt I will make it back though.
Really cool concept, but still needs some kinks worked out!  I don't like having to wait in a roped off line to get a drink at only one bar!  There are tons of people waiting for tables too when most of the tables were actually empty.  I guess they are trying to build exclusivity.  

I'll be back when the seafood joint opens and hope it won't be so chaotic.  Again, cool concept, great drinks and food with a good location!
Great concept and atmosphere, but that is all!  The food at Culinary Dropout is a complete joke for what you pay.  To make matters worse every server there is a hipster trying to make their parents proud by finding a job, making service absolutely dreadful, expect for Colin ( he was great, not even our server).  They claim the place is kid friendly, yet they yell at kids for being kids and are more concerned about their precious ping pong tables then their guests.  Don't even get me started on the fact that you have to valet park which is supposedly free, yet you have to tip= scam.

  I recommend staying away from this place unless you have two hours of your life you never want to get back and that is just waiting for a table..
I  l i k e d   t h i  s  p l a c e  ! ! ! !

In fact I liked it a lot, but I must claim that it is a bit overpriced. Not for HH though, and I was here for it. It is funny how you can see what that tried to convey, and by them I mean the people that thought up this place.. designed a laid back atmosphere around an existing building that used to be a motorcycle dealership or something to that effect. 

Service was nice, and both males and females seem to be instructed in how to dress and how to act. Dress - hipsteriffic nerdy kitsch, and act - semi-upscale nice. And they almost pull it off on both accounts, and I will not say a negative word about it due to the fact that they seem to pull it of. And by pull it off, I mean create revenue.

I can only talk about the Yard section, which is a roof covered outside area that has plenty of places to sit and it is quite cozy. They have fussball and corn-hole and other outside yard-crap that is very cool, but I didn't take advantage of these sweet activities. Instead I planted myself in a cozy chair and have great conversation while I sucked down some tasty wheat brews. The food looked nice, and they all said it tasted good. I saved room for some more tasty wheat brew.

An odd, but cool detail is that when you walk into the mens room, you see that the.. nope, I leave that surprise to you. I laughed though. To myself, not out loud. That would just been weird. 

Come see this place for yourself, because I cant tell the story to give it justice. 

.. und das ist, wie üblich, nach der Kritiker

Ps. The parking is crappy. Valet only.
As far as the food goes - it's overpriced and not notably delicious. The only thing I would order again is the soft pretzel fondue appetizer.  Everything else I tried or that my friends ordered was only mediocre, or less than mediocre. I ordered the shrimp caesar kale salad and was pretty disappointed. The salad itself was fine (although too much dressing) but the shrimp was those tiny popcorn breaded and fried shrimp (96% breading and 4% shrimp)- not what I expected in a salad. I would've much preferred a few normal-sized grilled shrimp, especially if I'm paying $13.  My friends ordered various antipasti, none of which seemed impressive. One of my friends ordered the sweet corn cannelloni which she didn't even finish because it was too sweet and the corn wasn't cooked enough.

The reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 is because the vibe is really cool. I like the little stage they have for live music and I think the "yard" is awesome with all the different games to play. I'd be back to have a drink, order that fondue appetizer, and play games, but NOT for dinner.
Definitely a weird experience. Sun's in your face if you get there at the wrong time of day, no parking lot so good luck on the street, and weird bathroom thing going on. Really good space for groups, though, and definitely a good array of drink choices. Not great for an intimate evening.
Met some friends here for drinks last night. Overall, we really enjoyed he place. Great mix of people and very cool layout. The service was attentive, especially for such a huge crowd. Guessing it is a challenge to keep everything straight when the place is packed....like it was when we were there.

Our visit was on a packed Thursday at the tail end of happy hour.  We figured it would be busy, but were amazed at how full this huge place was! Enjoyed a big 24oz can of Modelo Especial at the bar as Jeannie went for the house Pinot noir. We waited with our friends for about 15 minutes for a table.  There is lots of seating, but not sure if the couches and the play area are open to self serve.

Backing up a bit though...

Word of advice: Be prepared to either use the valet or park on a side street. We parked on a side street and felt lucky to find a somewhat close spot. Made the mistake of walking all the way around the front of the place only to discover the entrance is in the back.  Long trek if you are in heels....sorry Jeannie! 

Only ordered the pretzel balls since we had eaten earlier. They are pretty awesome, so save some room for those! 

My buddy and I decided to go for the beer in a bag. Planned on waiting to finish them then discover what we were drinking, however someone (cough...Jeannie! ) blew the surprise and unsheathed one after the first sip! 

Hard to imagine a place with more drink possibilities! 

Looking forward to returning. There is a bacon Bloody Mary that I have to try!
I came here a few times on business lunches. This place is beautiful and has a huge patio that I can see be filled up with local patrons at night. Their food is good but not fantastic for the price.

I will have to see how the nightlife here is.
My roommate and I wanted to check out The Yard as we had drove by it a few times and it looked like a great venue (love the outdoor area, swanky yet laid back- love the games). The valet line was crazy long and we were quoted 2 hours, 15 min later I got the text that our table was ready- no complaints here and we took our beers and pretzel fondue to the table. I thought the appetizer was good but nothing to write home about. We were stuffed before starting though so just got salads. Mine was great (super fresh), minus the slightly overcooked tuna. We had the peanutbutter pie that was to die for! What really sold us was our AMAZING waiter Jeff. He was always around without lingering. He gave great recommendations and realized I hadnt eaten the tuna without me saying anything and brought us out the pie. With service like this we will definiltey be back!
Let me preface this review by stating I was quite anxious and excited to visit the yard for the first time.  Friends of mine had been raving about 'the yard' for weeks.  Unfortunately, the rave reviews are the only pleasant experience I had with 'the yard'.  The appearance and overall architecture of the building are contemporary and clean.  I appreciated that the hostess stand was available and inviting as you walked into the restaurant.  From that point on it was disappointment.  The restaurant and outdoor area were vacant, but mysteriously there were no tables available for 45 minutes to an hour.  We then asked if we could stand at the bar and order drinks and were told its fine, but to make sure we left enough room for other patrons to maneuver.  Since this was a first time experience we ordered our drinks and began to walk around the facility.  We noticed empty table after empty table.  We determined it would be okay to claim one as our own.  We did that and no one seemed to mind.  Strange that there were no tables, but when we claimed on as our own we received service once.  No one asked us to leave or vacate to allow for a reserved patron.  

As stated previously we received service once.  From that point on even though we had a large party we had to order our own food and drinks at the bar area.  We also had to deliver it to ourselves.  Having sat for a few minutes I decided to take notice of my surroundings.  As I looked around I couldn't help but notice the melancholy stares of the employees and customers.  I noticed that this place is filled with the pretentious and snooty.  I remember when I was 20 years old sitting in bars and leaving my keys out so people knew what I was driving.  But, these were grown adults flaunting their Maserati, Rolls Royce and Bentley keys.  The parking lot already allowed me to indulge in a car show.  I don't care who belongs to which car.  That really does not impress me.  I believe the biggest folly of this establishment is that it does not quite designate if it is a bar/restaurant or daycare.  I must mention that I was there on a Friday afternoon following a spring training baseball game.  Many parents were there after school with their children.  While they were enjoying their afternoon cocktails and wine I had to listen to their children bang on the metal garbage cans, run around screaming and my personal favorite rolling on the ground up to my heels.  I actually had to tell several children that I had enough and move things around.  The kids also took the bean bags and instead of playing corn hole were playing dodge ball with them.  I became further enraged when my girlfriend was properly playing with the bean bags and took her shoes off to better participate in the game.  The manager quickly ran over and asked her to put her shoes on as he would not want her to cut her feet on broken glass.  Perhaps I am in the minority, but I believe it is more of a concern having kids rolling on the floor and aggressively playing then someone taking off their shoes to play a game of bags/corn hole.

My concerns over 'the yard' were confirmed when a friend of mine attended the following weekend.  He is 26 years of age and has a vertical ID.  When he presented his ID he was turned down b/c they do not accept vertical ID's there.  When he asked when that policy was put in place they stated, "last week."  While he was not happy with their decision to deny him service he remained so that his other friends could enjoy their time there.  On of his friends ordered a drink they were pleased with.  They asked him to try it.  He did and the manager quickly came over and rudely said that he would kick them all out if he saw a drink in his hand again.  While my friend and I understand their desire to not allow vertical ID's and be upset that he did try a drink we both believe the aggressive tone and attitude the Manager took was not warranted nor was it justified.  

While I could go on about my disdain for 'the yard' I would rather leave with a few partying words.  The drinks at 'the yard' are excellent, as long as you are ordering a specialty cocktail.  The prices may be high, but I understand that they are attempting to appeal to a higher echelon more pretentious crowd.  The food that we ordered was average at best for the price we paid.  I did not appreciate the school yard atmosphere, this is a bar not a place for children, they should regulate that patronage more closely.  I left unsatisfied and under appreciated.  Ultimately, I will NEVER return to 'the yard' and now find it difficult to enjoy other Fox Restaurant Concept establishments.
If there's something not to like about The Yard, I don't know what it is.

Oh, yeah. My bad. I do know what it is. It's the parking sitch.

Painful waits to park or exit when it's busy, and there's now a sign which alerts you that you will be towed if you park on a neighborhood street. 

Other than that parking deal, it's a great spot to chill. Hard to imagine a better looking patio with more comfortable options to place your rump and daydrink. The service doesn't hover but they're around when you need a refill or to re-up. Prices are not horrible and you can order great snacks from Culinary Dropout across the floor. The bathroom is begging you to walk in on someone of the opposite sex, but use it as a conversation starter if there's a lull in the action.

It has been said that the staff here range from dirty-hot to nerdy-hot. They do, which makes them hot either way. I will look at an attractive woman like a hungry lion unless someone smacks me and tells me to stop and the lady friend in my group did the same to the menfolk working here. What a perv, man.

The crowd was pretty mixed every time I've dropped in. A few older folks, some teenagers, hot moms with strollers and a couple douchebags thrown in. I prefer a bowl of m&ms to a bowl of just rice or beans though, don't you?
When trying something new, I have learned not have any expectations, positive or negative,  until I have experienced it for myself. Otherwise, I've either felt let down because I expected too much or I didn't let myself have a good time because I nit picked everything.
Well for whatever reason I couldn't help but have high expectations of this place. Thankfully, it was one of the times where I was not let down!
I came here around 9 one night recently. I had heard about the long waits, so I had held off for a while but finally broke down and dragged a friend with me after work one night. She parked on the street, I valeted. For as busy as it was, my friend said there was plenty of street parking, I just wasn't paying attention. There was several cars in front of me, but the line moved fast, and I only had to wait a couple minutes before it was whisked off by some kid who probably just got his license last week (not complaining about skill, he just looked barely old enough to drive).
We walked right in and put our name on the list and had about a 30-45 min wait (which turned out to only be 25 min) so we walked to the bar ordered a couple drinks and went and sat in the adirondack chairs by the ping pong tables. We sat, talked, watched people playing ping pong and having a good time. The atmosphere was loud, fun, and happy.
Once we received the text that our table was ready, the hostedss walked us to our table and introduced our server who was friendly and sweet. we asked for recommendations and wound up ordering some cheese and pickeled peppers to start which where delicious.
For our entrees, I had the fish and chips and she had the corn canneloni. Wow! Seriously, some of the best fish and chips I have ever had. Light, buttery, flaky fish with flavorful, crunchy breading. My friends canneloni was delicious as well, I only tasted a bite (I was surprised I was allowed that much) so I can't go too in depth about its deliciousness, but I would definitely order it for myself next time.
The portions were big, I took one piece of fish, half my fries and all my cole slaw home and she took almost half of her dish home.
For pickeled peppers, cheese, fish and chips, canneloni and 4 glasses of wine, our bill was $68. I don't know what people are complaining about. I really don't.
The prices are typical, the portions were good sizes, the drinks were big, the service was impeccable and valet is pretty standard for central and downtown Phoenix. I absolutely loved the Yard and can't wait to come back. All of you haters can go back to your suburban Olive Gardens and Applebees.
I was invited to the soft opening of this restaurant a few months back and had an amazing time: attentive service, awesome food selection, and great drinks. 

I've been back several times since then. I've decided I like The Yard but I have to prepare myself before going in. Here are things to expect: 

1) Slow service - through no fault of the waitstaff or kitchen, the place is so massive and fills up that food is slow service is slow, not exactly sure how they plan to fix this but it's something to be aware of when you go in. Self serve bar is the best option to get fast drinks, and come in only mildly hungry because food will take awhile so work up an appetite while you wait.

2) 10-20 Minutes wait to park - they do have valet, but during peak hours (4PM on), you'll find a long wait just to get to valet. No parking anywhere in the area, so might as well just wait in line. 

3) Price - I've been for happy hour and the prices are good during that time, after that drinks can be pricey depending on what you order. Do some research before hand on their site. 

4) Food - The menu is seemingly diverse. I had the fish which was a decent entree. Appetizers like the chips with onion dip and pretzels with fondue cheese are good bar food. I'd give the food 3 out of 5 stars, it's pretty good but could be better. I was hoping for more diversity in the menu and higher end produce. 

Overall the ambiance is awesome, definitely a hot spot to be seen in central Phoenix, great bands, cool bartenders, and awesome location. Downsides are service, wait and price... but I have to expect that in a larger city restaurants that draw in so many people like The Yard does would have similar downsides. 

I recommend the yard, but caution those who want something quick and cheap. The Yard is not the place for you. If you're looking for an awesome experience, don't mind waiting and can deal with the parking situation - The Yard is your spot!
So I came here on the recommendation of an acquaintance.

He sent me this text saying I should come find him at this "awesome place" which I found to be quite vague. So I called him and got the address and for some reason I heard him say beer pong instead of ping pong. 

I assume it is the result of my old janky phone and bad reception. I am broke and cannot afford a new one so miscommunication happens often...

I was only mildly disappointed that it was ping pong instead of beer pong and decided to play a few games. I discovered that I really really suck at ping pong

As for parking ....we just didn't use the blasted valet. We found a spot far far away from the bar. I have a bum ankle but was willing to gimp along if it meant avoiding the kind of headache that using valet usually entails. 

We decided to get some food and started off with ordering waters. Since it was so crazy busy I think the waiter completely forgot about us. I was slightly annoyed because I had just got to Phoenix from Detroit and could barely breathe due to the crazy climate. 

I am not kidding; I felt like my mouth was full of sand 24/7 so I was constantly chugging water. So I'm sitting like there wondering if we should just bug someone for some water.

So we are sitting there chilling out and I'm trying not to die of thirst/or heatstroke someone from management came up to us and apologized. He was really super nice and offered us free food. 

I wish I could remember his name because it was a nice gesture. But I can't think of it right now. So we had a bit of a wait but we did get our drinks and free food out of the deal!

The food there is expensive. That is just my opinion as a broke girl from Detroit. I got the cheapest thing on the menu....the salad and it was surprisingly good considering that it didn't have that much stuff on it.

The bathroom kind of tripped me out...I was afraid I had accidently wandered into the men's (which I have done before due to being something of a space cadet) because there were men at the sink when I walked in. As it turns out, there is a communal sink area and the bathrooms themselves are adjacent to that. 

So try not to have a panic attack when you see someone of the opposite sex in there when you walk in lol.

I felt kind of out of place ...I tend to like dive bars where I can dress like a scrub and just enjoy my drinks without trying to impress everyone in the place. Many of the women were decked out (I am talking stilettos and minidress and shit) and I was trying to understand why.

There was also a delightful smattering of douchebags and hipsters there. I have come to terms with this because they are becoming impossible to avoid. Hipsters are like death and taxes: nobody likes them but we have to deal with them anyway so we might as well get used to it.

So yeah, good food, drinks, and friendly management plus free food! I also learned how to play ping pong (sort of). No complaints here. 

The atmosphere was pretty chill with the exception of overdressed (or maybe I was underdressed?) people who can really cramp a chill vibe in a place. Overall, it was a pretty cool experience.
This place is amazing.  Great live music, tons of ping pong tables and cornhole boards, and great drinks/service.  Add to that complimentary valet parking and it was a perfect night out.
I really like what they've done with this building - too often the mindset in Phoenix is "tear it down and rebuild!"  Re-purposing this old auto dealership was incredibly clever.  There is a large open area under the steel roof, with foozball and ping-pong tables in a garden-like setting.  The main dining room is laid out with a casual arrangement - encouraging groups and loud conversations.  The acoustics, however, not so good.

We joined some friends at The Yard for some happy-hour fun and dining at the new Culinary Dropout.  The place was packed, the line for the valet was at least ten deep and leading out of the full parking lot.  Fortunately, we found a spot along a shady street nearby and walked over.  Since our friends were already there, we just walked right in the back entrance.  The dining room is huge and airy, very industrial looking, and with the kitchen tucked into a corner, kinda reminded me of North in Arcadia.  Service was prompt and efficient- more on that later.

Great beer selection, with some rotating microbrews, drafts, cans and bottles.  Oddly, Duvel was listed under the "fruity drinks" section.  Ok, then.  We started with a Stella draft, then split an order of pretzel balls that we dipped into a hot mini-fondue of delicious mild provolone cheese.  This was delicious.  For dinner, we split the Fried Chicken dinner, it seemed to be something everybody was ordering, judging from the tables around us.  After finishing the Stella, and finding Duvel on the menu, I naturally switched to the more flavorful beer.  Soon, our dinner arrived, conveniently split onto two plates, despite that we did not ask for this.

The chicken was tender and juicy, with a crispy breading that was flavored with hints of pepper and buttermilk, the mashed and gravy was creamy and good and the coleslaw was savory and a good compliment to the chicken.  There was a honey biscuit, and it tasted kinda like the honey got smeared all over the plate, as the chicken hinted honey flavor as well.  This is where things started going downhill for the service.

The place was packed when we arrived, and the noise level was about shouting "What?" repeatedly to the person seated next to you.  Intimate dining experience this is not.  After delivering the dinner, we didn't see anybody until the busboy and waittress came to clear the table - well, to be fair, she did breeze by to make sure our meals were ok.  Three diners were finished, one was not.  They cleared all the plates but for the finished diner, leaving the lone diner to feel pressured to wrap it up.  BAD form C-D.  So, I scarfed the rest of my meal.   The busboy then returned several times, sneaking in to remove empty glasses without asking, or offering a refill.  The impression we got was at odds with the feel of the restaurant, it's cozy, with sofa's and chairs, fun games to play outside, yet you are not encouraged to stay a while and maybe order a dessert, or an after-dinner drink.

I would give this place an easy four-stars for the food, but the intrusive service really detracted from the enjoyment.  Perhaps Friday evening during happy hour is not the best time to dine here :-)
On the whole, I really enjoyed this place. The food was really good. The service was good...aside from our table being transferred to 3 different servers during our visit...but all 3 servers were good. My only true complaint is the fact that they allow children in the "Yard" area. This is the area to have a couple drinks & play a game of bags with friends...Not for your children to run around being obnoxious to adults looking to relax SANS KIDS!! Children in bars make me uncomfortable. PERIOD. It's not fair the majority of patrons have to suffer because a few refuse to get a babysitter or dine at a "rugrat friendly" establishment.
Cute place. Fun atmosphere. I had the MAC Burger. Which is their version of the Big MAC. Obviously much better though. The fries were fantastic! There was some trouble trying to make reservations for our large party. We ended up just showing up and waiting to grab a table. Other then that, It was a good experience.
Decided to meet up with some friends for happy hour before driving in rush hour to get home. We started out by trying to find a place to park which was impossible. Keep in mind folks theres NO PARKING here unless its valet, and even then it fills up. They must expect you to park in the neighborhood which is filled with no parking signs. Apparently the neighborhood got sick of being the parking lot. I've never been to an establishment that has no parking. Once you finally get in the valet the place is big and open inside.  There is a mix of everything for all age groups. Thats nice, but theres a lot of kids running around. The bathroom experience is different... Its fine for adults, but I wonder what the little girls think when they walk out of their toilet and are looking at a bunch of guys washing their hands. I really wouldn't want my kids to be in a washroom area of a bathroom with a bunch of drunk men...which there is no shortage of on a Friday night.  The entrance is off the back facing the parking lot/ alley way, and is next to an ugly yellow auto shop.  The inside is uniquely decorated and has some cool furniture on the patio to hang out in. Unfortunately it was all reserved, so we stood the whole time.  It took forever to get a drink and you had to almost yell to have a conversation. We tried an appetizer (brats) which was very good.. The only problem is it was quality and not quantity.  Very little food for the money although it did taste good.
Live in the neighbor hood and was excited to have a fun new place like the Yard so I could just walk to but instead all I get to enjoy is loud music playing every weekend untill after 11 pm and that sucks for the working people or just trying to spend a nice quite night at home on my patio, instead there are cars parked on the street so my guest have to park down the street and the noise level is exstreme. Now I wish they would just go away.. or yeah the food is expensive, drinks are weak if you can get one and they seem to give a lot of Free Food a way to customers who have to wait a long time to get service or even if you get noticed.. and that was the two times I tried it..
Like many others have echoed -- this place is seriously suffering from an identity crisis.  But truthfully, lots of Phoenix establishments do -- this one is just particularly shameless about it.

Who is this place for?  Certainly not families with kids -- my son and I waited for an hour just to *not* get in on any games.  Locals, foodies, older crowds, hipsters, college students?  None of the above.

The sheer volume of patrons must drive the locals nuts, with cars tucked away in every corner of the neighborhood and people wandering through the streets like zombie lemmings.  Foodies are gonna be seriously let down by the food, which is a notch above Chili's.  Older folks out looking for a vibrant meal sure will get that with all the pushy patrons and their kids running around.  I think hipsters and college students are immediately disqualified because of the prohibitive cost and patience/persistence required to get in on any of the games.

This place is seriously expensive -- borderline outrageous -- for what you get in the ambiance you get it in.  I have absolutely no problem paying $50 for the perfect bone-in fillet -- but paying $22 for a some kind of cooked-to-death sliced meat over gorgonzola cheese with a side of fries (fries!) is robbery and a violation.

So, I guess the perfect demographic would be young and obscenely rich parents that don't have to do any parenting -- those that use social cues instead of taste buds to decide if what they are eating is any good.  The nanny gets to hover over the children and wait for games to open up, while the parents get tipsy on $15 sugar water.  Good thing the valet is free -- they'll pull their Expeditions right up for them.

So it's either those people or maybe college kids with trust funds and nothing better to do?

Pass.
Beer selection is good, food was great. Our waiter was courteous so I am not sure what happened with others. I did enjoy that they had all the games available but we weren't able to grab any. Frustrating, I know, but these things happen so people should probably relax on that one.
Great place to eat, drink and play some games. A bit chaotic but if you go in prepared for that it will been fun place to hangout with some friends
I had no idea what to expect before I got there. This place is huge and has so much room and things to do. Bags, ping pong, shuffle board and a ton of places to just sit. Plenty of bar space, dining space and activity space. The food was decent and we generally had a great time.  We did go on a Thursday afternoon but there's nothing bad I can say about it. I will be back!
Place was crowded, parking sucks.  Drinks are weak. Ping Pong tables and paddles are worn out.  Cool Concept but they should ad more games. Staff was friendly.
The food was just OK.  Nothing special.  It took forever to get our meal. The service was horrible.  I was asked if I wanted more coffee but I didn't get it until my food was almost gone.  The service really needs to improve.  My waitress would disappear for 20 minutes.  Oh, valet parking only or street parking.  I would go back for a casual lunch or happy hour but not for "special occasion".  Not good enough for that.
Loved the atmosphere; it's unique and energetic. Decor is great, especially "outside".
Service was bad... Our waitress was MIA most of the evening. Ended up going to bar for self service, also filling up our own water glasses. By the way, bartender was slow to wait on us and was not very friendly.
Food-- just ok. Had pretzel with cheese fondue, which was good but pretzels had too much salt on them. Also had a burger which was decent, nothing to write home about.
If management would work on improving service we would make this a regular stop despite food being average, since it has such a good vibe. Not sure whether it's worth the price unless at least the service steps things up.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon and arrived at 4 o'clock.  Upon checking in to get a table, we were greeted by a polite young female hostess.  I was informed, in order to get a table a phone number is required.  I was put off by this, asked why and was told this is how the paging system works.  

Really?  You need my personal information!! I don't know why I have a problem with this but I do.  

Ultimately, I gave her my number.  At this point, I decided to ask how long the wait was.  She politely advised 30 minutes.  It was at this time that the pompous  tattooed male hostess, leaning against the wall, gave a snarky reply, "more like 45 minutes".  

Can you be anymore unprofessional!  First, get your foot off the wall, uncross your forearms, stand up straight, and face those entering the restaurant and show a little bit of respect!  

I would have fired this guy on the spot due to his tone and disrespect if I owned this place!!  Total jerk! 

Needless to say, my date and I didn't even get past the entry way because of this! 

I will never come back to this place!  Why wait in line to valet your car, then wait 30 minutes or more to be seated, only to be served run of the mill food that is pricey.  This isn't a five star restaurant with a all star famous chef!  Come on!  

There are so many better places to go that have exceptional customer service and great food in central PHX! Don't waste your time here!!!  

Thank you "The Yard" for setting us straight about your place of business!  

(5-4-13 is when we attempted to try this place)
Great place!  Just visiting AZ, but had a blast here.
Let me start off by saying I am a huge Fox restaurant fan, they seem to do most things right. Culinary Drop Out is one of my favorites of the Fox restaurants, so when I heard they had a new location with a super cool patio/ "Yard" I was stoked to go try it out. The menu is pretty much the same as culinary drop out in Scottsdale, which is fine by me, because it is so good! The inside of the restaurant is not as cool as I expected, but the yard was pretty fun. I liked the games everywhere and the extremely laid-back vibe. The best part of it all, the pretzel fondue. Do not leave this place without trying it. You won't be dissapointed. :) I came for lunch, but am looking forward to coming for drinks and games sometime in the future.
This place is primarily a bar- not a restaurant.  If you wish to dine, stay away from here.  The music is way too loud as is the restaurant.  My companion and I hasd dinner meals (beef stroganoff and fried chicken.)  We asked for bread and the waiter brought it with oil (I prefer butter.)  There were 4 slices of ciabatta.  We asked for additional bread and he told us that there would be a $2.00 charge, which I found outregeous.  The food was less than mediocre.  The following day, both os us woke up with a bad case of diaherrea.  Neded I say more?????????????
This place was hoppin' after work on a Friday.  The food was OK, not bad, not outstanding either.  Good selection of beers.  Surprisingly broad cross section of ages, young professionals to older folks like me.  Also some families.
Super crowded but lots of fun
Very cool setup with plenty of room however the wait staff seems to have trouble serving everyone. I was there on a not busy Wednesday night. Our waitress rarely showed up, then brought my entire group of 12 ONE bill without ever asking if we wanted to separate...very annoying. The drink prices are pretty high too.
I like the concept of this place a lot. However the service is below average most of the time. I had to wait an hr and 15 minutes for a burger and didn't get a sorry or anything from the server. She seemed very uninterested and lacked passion which hurt the overall experience. Overall I will come here again, but just for the beer and games.
i'm super in love with this place! A buddy of mine lives in the area and I hadn't been yet, so we rode our bikes on over. It's a HUMONGOUS place with a seafood bar, regular bar food and a HUGE entertainment area with bean bag tossing, ping pong and foosball tables. I'm super excited to come back here as I can ride my bike inside and just hang!
YARDWORK -- Culinary Dropout is Too Cool For School.

Sam Fox is crazy. Crazy like a--well-- "fox." With Fox Concepts restaurants dotting the culinary landscape, you can't go far without finding one of his kitchens' cooking. Zinburger, NoRTH Italian Farmhouse, Sauce, True Food Kitchen, Olive & Ivy, Arrogant Butcher, Modern Steak, Wildflower and Blanco Tacos + Tequila. They're sprouting up like portobello mushrooms.

His latest "gastropub," Culinary Dropout, not only has a location in chi-chi Scottsdale (natch!) but one in viva Las Vegas, inside the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. The latest Dropout is part of a burgeoning campus called, "The Yard."

After pouring $8 million dollars into the gigantic 53,000 square foot facility, another Dropout debuted. Culinary Dropout has a pleasing, tasty (if largely unadventurous) menu. Think "comfort food" with a little twist. With an uncomfortable price tag. An attractive antipasti menu featuring meats, veggies and cheeses kick off the event with prices from $2 for bread & olive oil and (yikes!) $13 for Iberian Ham, a Spanish delicacy.

Shared plates include brats or black mussels ($12) and their fabulous Soft Pretzels & Cheese Fondue for $10. Seven different sandwiches can be yours. Turkey Pastrami is served on a pretzel roll with Swiss cheese and coleslaw for a pricey $13. Nice. But not necessarily a bargain. A French Dip with shaved prime rib, fontina and au jus is a wallet-busting $17.

Six different salads are featured; the Winter Salad ($12) with sweet potato, apples, farro, pomegranate, black kale walnuts and goat cheese is something you'll find yourself craving.

The 11 entrées prove to be a hard choice; prices range from $13 for Meatloaf served with familiar friends, mash potatoes, gravy and green beans. The highly touted Fried Chicken gives you a rather puny breast, leg and thigh for $16. Ours was served room temperature along with the mashed potatoes and a biscuit. If it was hot, it would've been heavenly--but still expensive. I wish I knew the secret to the breading, however.

Cast your line for the delish Rainbow Trout, de-boned, beautifully filleted, prepared with plenty of butter and daintily topped with French green beans, a few caramelized shallots and toasted almonds. A nicely sized fish, but it looked a little lonely on an even bigger platter. A spoonful of Rice Pilaf or a polenta would helped justify the whopping $19 they reel out of your wallet.

Try out a few nibbles available at Happy Hour for a fraction of the price on Monday-Friday, 3-6 p.m. A tempting Brunch Menu is available Saturdays & Sundays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m.

The Yard will also house Little Cleo's Seafood Legend, which opened March 20. 

One draw for The Yard will be the never-ending patio, stretching as far as the eye can see. McDonald's has a PlayHouse with a Jump- Jump and slides for AD/HD brats. Dropout has the same thing--except for hipsters. Ping- pong tables, cornhole, bocce and tetherball will keep you occupied while you wait. And wait. And wait for a table. On busy nights you can expect a 2-hour wait. At least. Parking is a challenge, but valet is free.

The Yard is still worth a look/see. But watch out: look at your wallet. See it disappear.
Poor lunch.      MAC burger was just that a Big Mac with 19 french fries..   G chicken salad..  Served in a 9" bowl.  The waitresss quickly said " it's on the bottom"  as I looked for the chicken.   Only  1/2 filled with no crackers or bread served with the salad.   And of course we paid the price.
Sam Fox restaurant.  Its the combo of a play-yard (ping pong and cornhole - no not that kind) and drinks, sometimes a band, and good peeps.  Good place to go hang out.  Fun lively atmosphere, etc.  Parking you should plan on valet due to good size crowds (even on sunday).  I cannot comment on the food much as I have only had a few appetizers, which were good.
My husband and I are great fans of Culinary Dropout. There's one right by our house, but we heard about The Yard and about a great area of games and such. We took our three kids there and moved our table three times to be close to the gaming area so they could play. Each time, the hostess seemed confused and we felt we were being reprimanded for our move. There was no one there. We thought for sure this is our place for the summer, even though it's a bit warm. My children were not misbehaving, just playing ping pong as we supervised. The manager came over twice and told them they were not allowed to be in the area, which is the very reason we were there. I understand about children misbehaving and running wild with other adults present, but this was not the case at all. We were excited about a nice afternoon, but once we were told the children could not even play a game of ping pong, we left immediately. We will not return there. If you have children, you shouldn't go either.
It is such a weird place. First off parking is awful and it is confusing even knowing how to get in this place. Valet. I was second in line and went on an off hour so that was fine. The place is an old motorcycle shop so it is a warehouse with these cool, urban chandeliers hanging off the pipe rafters. It is really as strange as it sounds but kinda cool! They have this big patio back yard. I did not sit out there it looked so pretty. They had a singer out there who was good. 

The staff is very young and super attractive, hip. The patrons are all types. I had good service. I was treated very nice by all. I wasn't feeling well when I visited and needed time to kill before a gig. The waitress did not mind me sitting, reading, and being, all in all, pretty slow. I ordered the pretzels of course, because that is the talked about food here. Even for non cheese lover me, Ummmmmm, Hello? They were great but 10 dollars is way too much. Ouch! The homemade chips looked really good for a return trip. I did not eat any of the other food. I have heard poor things about the food here beyond the apps so I will have to come back and give it a try myself. 

A note on the server. She was great and very nice. However, she should not wait for a costumer to ask to refill drinks. I had to ask for drink refills. Still the service was much better than the other Yelpers have written about. The food came very fast too but again I just ordered the app. 

I liked it and would go back at least one more time to see what I think. I am not sure they will last though since they are way overpriced. 

PS- the bathrooms are interesting and my friend swears by their Bacon Bloody Mary.
Great food and service. Loved the atmosphere.  They get busy early and parking is limited so make a reservation and use the free valet parking.
You guys would get a bunch of food orders from the dodgeballers on Tuesday nights if you installed a pager system.. we've been playing all night usually..have been coming to the yard for months now... I want to order food but you are required to stand at the bar and wait for it.  I'm co-owner of the league and need to hang outside with my people... if they paged me I'd go to the bar but if I have to stand and wait then im not ordering food... there's 45-80 of us.. every Tuesday.
The set up is sweet, but the service and food is lacking. I was served raw chicken with no silverware. Had to ask the server for water 3 times and still never received anything. Then to make matters worse, somehow they ended up charging me for an order of ribs that i never ordered. the server argued and pleaded with us until a friend wound up paying for it. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS DUMP!!! 
Way to Mr. Fox.
Good concept!
Tough to find a spot.... Because the place is the bomb!!
Once was enough. Mom paid $8 (which seems like nothing) for a side of asparagus and one piece of cheese. It was ridiculous and made me sad. Happy hour only applies if you're sitting at a high top table... I was literally two feet from one, yet, did not qualify. What is the difference? I have been to True Food and was seriously disappointed; therefore, did not have high hopes for another fancy Fox Restaurant Concepts establishment. Didn't eat, because I was already let down when we were served by the same waitress who we had the one and only time I visited True Food. She seriously disappointed me when she told my mom she could bring out some crudités, as mom did not want the pita bread that accompanies the hummus. Well, little did we know, the VEGETABLES would be somewhere around $8 on top of the ridiculous amount paid for the hummus. I would rather buy a tub of hummus from Costco, seriously. She could have maybe, well I don't know, mentioned that the side of vegetables would be extra... Anyway, I was not impressed. Especially because there are at least four (4) establishments I can think of on Central Avenue just north of Camelback that offer awesome pitchers of beer for $5 during happy hour.

Also, I came here one Saturday night prior to tonight's visit and was told there would be a two hour wait... HA HA. I want to know what type of people are keeping these places in business. I don't even feel bad about this negative review, as I feel like Fox is seriously ripping people off with every business venture they develop.

Pretzel bites? Ah, that was creative. You forgot sweet potato fries... Don't want to stray too far from the bandwagon.
Great customer service by Nate Diederich! Read my yelp review, approached me at the bar to show me a new app they are using to page cellphones when my orders ready so I can now leave the bar area and come back when it's ready! Can't wait to try the food! :) ill test it out here and if it works ill tell the rest of the Dodgeballers on Tuesday nights. Appreciate the Yard taking the time to remedy the situation just in the nick of time too..we were prepping to start trying out other bars where we are able to eat Tuesdays when league starts up again next week. Great work around.
I've been several times and as a general rule really enjoy The Yard for drinking and good times. I haven't been to Cleo's for the seafood, but am excited to give it a try. I think Culinary Dropout is basically good. The mussels are usually a strong performer and I will order them with a side of roasted tomatoes. Really, I think sitting at the bar and ordering the tomatoes and bread is a pretty good thing. 

What makes this place really a great addition to the neighborhood and Phoenix as a whole is the backyard area that offers both fun activities (ping pong, bean bags, etc.), drinks (I really like when the beer tent/stand is open) and good people watching. Be warned, taking advantage of the nice beer selection will eventually ruin your ping pong abilities.

Problems? Sure, everyplace has problems. The thing that really starts to wear on you after a little bit are the kids that take over the game areas. I get it, mom and dad want to go out and have a nice time and the yard has space that kids can (should they??? A much, much bigger question) run around. Fine. I'm just saying that there is some sort of chart or graph that could be developed incorporating: drinks consumed, relative parenting skill, time of day/night, propriety of having your kids at what transforms into more bar than restaurant and way more of both than playground. I'm no stat wizard so somebody will have to work out the details. I have had a kid running way beyond restaurant speed knock the (somewhat pricey) full beer out of my hand. His parents are officially out of the running for parent of the year.   

All told, The Yard is a great addition to what is becoming a very nice area for bars and restaurants near Bethany Home Rd.
The best part about The Yard is the atmosphere by far. It is decorated beautifully and is a good idea in theory. I've been to Culinary Droupout before, this is the same thing with the addition of the large outside seating (...obviously). So, I'm not sure why I expected to have my mind changed. The food was underwhelming, and somewhat pricey. The drinks were so-so. It's what you would expect from a sports bar, with way better presentation. Our waiter was really nice, but everything seemed pretty unorganized. As a customer, you don't want to feel the discomfort of the confused wait staff. I typically don't rip on businesses, especially if they have put a lot of effort into building it. That being said, I think an updated menu and more structure could make The Yard a really fun place to be. I would try it again if only to get a beer after work, or an appetizer before going out on the weekend.
Part of Culinary dropout, 

The bar is right there....games to play. People arent rude and hog things they aren't playing (which is nice).


Come by with friends and leave your kids at home...seriously don't bring your kids...
I've done Culinary Dropout's Camelback location before, which I'd rate closer to a 4-star. The food is identical here, and executed exactly the same, so that's just fine.

I dug the charcuterie/cheese plate ala carte menu. Had some tasty cheeses that were served with a cherry paste sort of thing. 

The wait is long, but I give them credit for using a text message system that even lets you track how many parties are in front of you. The outside area is surprisingly cool, even in the depths of summer (at least around 9pm, when it was still 95 or so outside) thanks to powerful fans and good misting. 

The food is pretty good. I like the pretzel bread fondue and my go-to meal is the fried chicken, which is really juicy, though I wish they'd put a bit more into the mashed potatoes/gravy they have going on.

The Yard has live music pretty often, and on our visit, this was a pretty serious disadvantage. It wasn't just that it was loud. It was loud and pretty awful. Lots of different covers spanning all kinds of genres ensured that we'd hear some of our favorite hits from the 60s, 70s, and 90s butchered. Not pleasant, and we were excited when they went on break.

Our server was really nice and pretty well got everything right, and the food is definitely decent enough for a return visit... but to the regular Culinary Dropout, where I won't have to dodge a dodgey live band.
I was leery prior to going, as we saw some not-great reviews here on Yelp.  We were meeting friends with our 10-month-old in tow for dinner.  Luckily, we showed up early for dinner (5:30), and our friends already had a table (I'm not sure how long it took them to get it, since they showed up earlier than us).  We sat out on the patio in the July heat, but it was actually pretty pleasant with the misters and fans.  It was comfortably busy but not crowded at 5:30 on a Saturday, with kids playing games, and a good, casual crowd having fun.  Dinner was great--sweet corn cannelloni and burger hit the spot.  Drinks impressed--I had a drink with Maker's Mark, honey, basil, and red pepper simple syrup.  I liked it so much that we recreated it at home the next night.  It got really crowded and busy later on, and by the time we left at 8 PM, it was packed.  We skipped the valet by parking in the neighborhood.  We didn't play games due to our baby getting tired, but would have loved to stay and enjoy corn hole or ping pong.  We had a great time, but I suspect if we had showed up at 7 PM on Saturday and were starving, we would have been angry and hungry by the time we got seated and got our food.  Just be smart and show up at non-peak times, and you'll love this place.  Baby was super-cranky on the way there, but was happily distracted by the fans, lights, misters, and overall fun atmosphere.  To those who posted about being annoyed by kids running around: get over it.  It's great to have a place to bring kids, let them have fun, and let mom and dad enjoy good food and cocktails.  It's part of the charm of this place.  Obviously, it's less great to have kids around once it gets more ruckus, but I was happy to see families having fun together.
This place is what central phoenix doesn't need. Keep Fox restaurants in Scottsdale. I witnessed everything from old people sharing a beer to kids running around like maniacs, and don't get me started on the douche pistols in affliction shirts. Parking sucks. Food is subpar at best. Can't tell servers from patrons...one server came to us with her purse on. Don't need this and don't want this in such a cool mecca of independent restaurants and bars. Like I said before, take this place back to Scottsdale.
Food was comparable the camelback location. Ping pong tables and patio was great. However,  the camelback crew needs to come down and train the waiters on providing service.
I'm really torn on how to rate The Yard. I REALLY like the concept and while it has an unusual layout, it's nonetheless a fun place to come hangout to drink, perhaps grab a bite and then take in some live music while trying to play ping pong when you've got a good buzz going ("Hit the one in the middle, Rock!")

I came here for brunch and had a decent French Dip at Culinary Dropout. The dining experience was all just OK. 

So I think what I'm trying to say is Four Stars for concept, idea, atmosphere plus Two Stars for less than great food and service averages out to Three Stars.

Our main server was actually very friendly and enthusiastic but his colleagues in charge of bringing our drinks in a timely manner left a lot to be desired. I had a Prime Rib dip which was good but memories of Philippe in Downtown L.A. and even the French Dip at Chelsea's Kitchen ensured that the Prime Rib dip here did not measure up. As with most Fox Restaurants the dessert was out of the park so well done there.

I will definitely return to The Yard and would recommend it but it's with the understanding that you probably won't be blown away by the food and the service may not be completely up to par (hopefully once the business is more established the service will improve). This is one of those places where you'll take a hit on the food and service so you can enjoy a fun, unique atmosphere.
The concept is pretty cool, there is a large outdoor area with games with equipment that you can sign out although there doesn't seem to be an enforced time limit on how long you can keep things so when people decide to hoard equipment there's no telling how long you'll have to wait.  

The food was okay but pricey for what it was and the staff was pretty rude.  There was a sign that said the outdoor area is self serve so we assumed we would need to order from the bar, which was fine until we were rudely corrected by a server who had a small hissy fit when we didn't order through her.  She kept saying she would transfer the bar tab but never did.  The bartender, when asked what beers they had gave us back nothing but snark.  None of the staff wear any kind of uniform either so memorize their faces (or in our case last night, the waitress's boobs because they were literally hanging out of her shirt). 

The bathroom situation is a little odd, co-ed but has separate entrances.  The other silly thing is the parking, there is very little parking available in the area, they do offer complimentary valet (they call it a "green" service but there isn't really anything "green" about having a line of cars idling for no reason when the drivers could just park themselves and go inside).  

We went with a very large party, the hostess called ahead to try to make reservations and was told they don't accept reservations but when we got there almost every available seating area was reserved.  We found out later that they only take reservations for parties of 10 - no more, no less.  

I wouldn't suggest bringing kids, while the games are kid friendly, masses of drunken adults are not and the place is very crowded.    

I was really torn on how to rate this place, like I said, it's a great concept but the service is just so bad that I just don't think it is a place I would ever want to go back to.  It is good for people watching though.
This place has a cool concept - but they definitely could've used a lot of the wasted space on tables rather than ping pong tables, bike riding paths and just casual hang out couches.  Our wait was over 1 hour and 20 minutes.  The eating space is about a quarter of the size of the actual "Yard" space.  I had the meatloaf - it was pretty tasty, but my friend who ordered the same thing - hers was extremely dry.  Our other friend, ordered the fried chicken which he devoured and said he thoroughly enjoyed.  The live band that played inside the restaurant belonged outside in the yard area.  It was WAY too loud and to even talk to my friend next to me, I had to yell or go right up to her ear and talk.  That's annoying.  Our server was friendly and refilled our drinks regularly.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come back just because the food wasn't worth an hour wait.  But it seems like a really cool hang out place if you want to play in the "yard"
This restaurant Is fun and the food was delicious. You have to try the turkey pastrami sandwich it is amazing. I got mine with a side of their barbecue sauce and I just loved it.
Huh? What? Really???!!!

How is it possible that this outdoor area only has 3 stars? I'm outraged!!!

Wake up Yelpers! Can any of you point me to a better patio in Phoenix? 

I'm not reviewing the restaurants (which I do like), not the service, but the outdoor area, WHICH IS AWESOME. Ping pong, bags, tons of SHADED space to just sit and chill, and you can drink while doing it... What's not to love?

When I come, I just go into the bar and get my drinks from the bartender... Quick, easy, no problemo!

I'm thinking that the poor ratings must be from people that were born on some other planet where they must have Ferris wheels and tea cup rides in every back yard, so a patio like this is no big deal.

I strongly suggest you check it out. I also strongly suggest you leave your children at home, or supervise them closely. To me, its a "bar patio", for adults, not a place for kids to be running around. I've never had any problems with this, but can see that it could be an issue.
An old motorcycle shop converted into a restaurant and massive yard, is a great addition for the neighborhood.  Great food, drinks and a chance to be a kid again.  The Yard offers a space for customers to play bags or ping pong in an adult setting.  Whether you are here for dinner or drinks, Culinary Dropout does not disappoint.  This is a unique concept and this location tends to get crowded fast.  They offer free valet since parking on the streets are a no-no.  Brunch is a fantastic way to start the day. The Biscuits & Gravy or Egg Sandwich are great eats.  For the kid at heart, I recommend the Cap'n Crunch Crusted French Toast.  It's sinfully good!  Don't forget to add a Bacon Bloody Mary to your order.  

The Grilled Cheese Sliders with Sweet Potato fries are delicious.  I highly recommend the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue as a starter.  This cheesy goodness will melt in your mouth.  

I hope that everyone gets a chance to stop in to The Yard. Patience will be needed since this is a popular place.
I went there on a Monday evening.  They were not too crowded, in fact this was the slowest I have seen the place.  I have already reviewed Culinary Dropout  and the food is the same for The Yard.  By the way, the seafood place, Little Cleo's was doing pretty well.  Anyway, I met my friends from Tyler, Texas and their 2 kids.  They were real happy to find a place that serves adult beverages and has stuff for the kids to do.  They were so slow that nobody else was using the ping pong tables.  I never even tried before to play because of the crowds.  I will admit that two times they were so crowded that I just ended up leaving, but that's not their fault.  I love their seating areas with the green couches.  It was not really too hot with the misters and they had a couple of industrial sized evap coolers to help out.

We only had the pretzel bread with the fondu which was as wonderful as ever.  I have to say I like the beer selection.  They were out of my Prohibition lager though but I tried the Goose Head Belgium style beer and it was very good.  Then I tried the Hefeweizen, from Oak Creek in Sedona, which was also very good.  One thing I don't get though.  They have this wonderful brown ale in Little Cleo's that they don't carry at the Yard!  I wanted to go in there to have my brown ale while I was waiting for my friends and was not allowed because the "guard" at the door said It was only for diners.  By the way, the bar area was open, which I pointed out, but the "guard corrected me, telling me that was not a bar area!  They turned me away even though there was not one person at the counter.  So I didn't get my brown ale:(  Anyway, this is about The Yard.  But, like I said, The Yard has plenty of good beers to be had.
A friend took me here for an early dinner a couple of months back, just to show me the place.  It has a super cool atmosphere that he thought I'd like... and a cheese and pretzel fondue appetizer.

Well, it was pretty freaking fun, though 'm not sure how it'd be in the summer heat as most of the seating is outdoors (with misters).  The cheese pretzel fondue, I would skip next time but there was a kale salad there that may have been the best salad I've ever had.  I can't remember the name but it had nuts and corn and such in it.  It was delicious.  I keep meaning to go back for the salad!

Enjoy their outdoor games... corn hole, ping pong, etc.  

Might see ya there!
This is a boring restaurant.  The food is average to poor and the decor has become standard restaurant bric a brac.  My salad was just ok and the lettuce lacked flavor.  My steak was simply a piece of meat.  It filled my stomach.  The green beans on the plate tasted plastic.  If you're a foodie, stay away.  If you like standard, produce it any where food then this is your place.
General thoughts and conversations throughout the night:
Where do we park?
How do we get in? I don't see any signs pointing to the entrance. Can we use this gate? Nope, that doesn't open. Why is the entrance only in the back?
Is this hostess going to help us find our party of 14? No? Ok, we'll just wander and find them.
Am I really still in central Phoenix? Did Scottsdale invade?
This is such a bad idea for the summer.
Where's our waitress?
This food is so not worth the price. Is there even fish under all this batter? Oh, there it is... I think.
Where's our waitress? Why is no one clearing this table? There's no more room to even set glasses.
Has anyone seen our waitress?
Could this bathroom be any more confusing for people? Is it unisex? Is it not? Decide!
That mystery alcohol grab thing was such a waste of money. Ew.
I'm tired of waiting an hour to play a game. Let's leave and never come back.
Loved the outdoor game set up! Went for brunch on a Sunday And enjoyed the vibe. Staff was on top of it! In love with the bacon Bloody Mary!!! Good job
Tasty burger in a cool atmosphere especially if you're in a large group. They have lots of comfortable patio furniture with plenty of flat screens. Also, if you're competitive, you can play cornhole, ping pong, or bocce. Either go during happy hour or bring your sugar mama/daddy cause 2 domestics and the burger set me back 25 buckaroos.
I just moved from Scottsdale to Denver, and had my going away shin dig here. I have been waiting a long time to find a place like this, and I have to say I'm a little bit surprised it was FRC that did it. 

If you like getting drunk and playing games simultaneously then this is your place. There are five ping pong tables. Probably 8 games of bags or cornhole going, at least on shuffle board and live music. All of this is under an open air pavilion with misters going. 

While it is the perfect idea, logistically, it's not quite perfect yet. Either people bring their own ping pong paddles or they have too many sets because on several occasions I have gotten lucky enough to get paddles from the hostess (which isn't easy when its busy) and then all the tables were filled. I have never gotten bags as they have always been checked out. 

Also, they don't have rumpy or jaeger because they are a "mixology bar"... whatever they are fun to take shots of.
Was there last Wed 3ish liked the valet parking but when we got to the hostess she said she will text us when table is ready,"around 20 minutes" so I grabbed a beer at the bar, took a long time to get their attention. Ordered a martini for my wife and the bartender made it terribly! I played a game of ping- pong...cool! Then didn't get the text our table was ready, (my fault) 5 minutes late on getting to the hostess. She said we now have to wait 20 more minutes for a table. She argued with me for a minute or 2 until wifey got pissed then we left. I would love to have tried the food there but bad service ruined it for us! They have a great patio area though!
Meh. I ought to give the only a single star, but I can't - I'm probably biased because I like the Scottsdale location so much (which says a lot, because I tend to stay in Central Phoenix). You know... I love Sam Fox, and I'm a fan of the menu of Culinary Dropout. When I learned his newest venture was arriving in my neighborhood and was going to include an AWESOME yard with cleverly fashioned lawn and table games...  AND include the live music element, I was 1000% down with getting at the front of the line of patrons. The menu and beer variety is, as expected, fantastic! I love that they have Moose Drool; usually canned, but sometimes on tap. Their mussels are a particular favorite of mine, and the meatloaf is positively perfect when in the mood for comfort. Their live music performances are great and the general soundtrack is good enough to inspire an unconscious shimmy in your seat. There's so much I love about elements of The Yard that I want to love The Yard. The Yard is kind of like that one guy I dated way back when who left me disappointed and wanting more from him but he never cared back enough to act like he cared. And, like way back when, I keep coming back to The Yard, and find myself increasingly disappointed and frustrated by a service element that doesn't seem to care enough to act like they care. The servers are so hit or miss. I can get a friendly one who can't expedite an order in an appropriate time element or servers who, despite being begged (with a pre-tip) to not forget us, abandon our tables and ignore near-desperate attempts to capture their attention. I'm getting tired of talking to shift managers and receiving what are looking to be empty regrets for our service experiences because the too-cool-to-care demeanor and too-busy-to-pay-attention aloofness of the servers and hosts is wearing me thin. I love My CenPho neighborhood because the eclectic, fun, quirky food personalities are so cool they care. What I perceive to be my biggest complaint about this place is it comes down to I just don't feel welcomed or appreciated at The Yard. I think I need to, in my mind, break up... Because apparently, to The Yard, we were never a thing. ***I will say, like the unattainable, too-cool-for-me guy, there is something redemptive: the bartenders are social, efficient, and cool. AND Mekaela (I'm sure I spelled her name wrong) is a server who is as sweet as she is petite and cute, and she will aim to give you a happy, lively, and attentive service experience. So, this is this my attempt toward an effective "golden sandwich" review. Positive truth -truth - positive truth. ... ... ... I should add, I'm writing this review as I wait at the bar for another table. I just WANT to love The Yard.... Okay, after a brief pause writing this to start that dinner with friends....  our dinner finished, and I figured out, like that too-cool guy, one we pay out, we aren't likely to see a server again.

IMHO... unless they figure out the service element and Fox Restaurant Concepts learns from the feedback of their customers, Mr. Fox may want to consider staying in Scottsdale and letting Upward Projects, Mule & the Delaney Bros, and Jeff Fischer have Central Phoenix....
Mind you, I tried this place 3x's before giving this review. I really wanted to like it, but each time was just as bad, if not worse. I was excited when this place opened. I thought what a great concept. 

First visit: Sat in the patio area, but never received service. Finally, after about 20 minutes we went to the bar to get our drinks. As we sat back down a server finally asked for our drink order. We thought we better order now because who knows when we'll get another chance to order. She never returned with our drinks. After some time, we had another server come by and ask for our order. We informed her we already ordered drinks, but never received them. She stated she would check to see what was going on. Never heard back from her either. Then a third server came by to take our order. We informed him we already ordered twice, but never received our drinks. He apologized and stated the reason we hadn't received our drinks is because our server had an emergency and had to leave, but he could take our order. We were looking at the server who originally took our order helping other customers! Yes, the one he just stated left due to an emergency. We had been very patient, so didn't understand the reason for the lie? We had a confused look on our face and said, but that's her. He looked embarrassed perhaps because he was caught in a lie. Anyhow, moving forward...

Second visit: Again, we sat in the patio area. This time we sat next to two couples. At this point, no need for a long story basically the same; no service. When we did get a chance to order a bottle of wine, we waited a long time for it. A different person finally brought the bottle out and asked the other two couples if they had ordered the bottle, each said no. So I got excited thinking he is going to ask us next! He just walked right passed without asking us. Seriously, did that just happen???
Third visit: Read reviews above. No different. 

This place is so unorganized and the staff seem confused. We thought we would give this place a chance to redeem themselves each time. From the immature hostesses with attitude to the confused servers made each experience horrible. The drinks are weak and pricey. I will gladly pay for good drinks and tip well for good service. This place is a disappointment.
Quick review time at work!  Just Wow, absolutely amazing.  I've been coming here on Sundays for the last two months, and I've always had a great time, but today went to an even greater level.  Great adult hangout place, 4 hours of ping ping I played today and there was no pressure to leave or buy anything.  GM Jason came and checked in on us and was gracious, friendly, and would be a credit to any restaurant.  Had the Rainbow Trout at Culinary Dropout attached restaurant, beautifully cooked flaky with green beans/almondine sauce, one of my fav seafood dishes to order in AZ.
This is the type of place we need more of! I've been no less than 5 or 6 times (Sunday afternoon with friends, Dad's bday dinner, my birthday, etc) I love that there's something for everyone and the have a great mix of people. I love that they have Vinyl Station playing on Saturdays just beware that the 8pm show is usually very busy. 

The pros: The pretzel fondue is a must. The outdoor space is great and there's fun backyard style games if you like that sort of thing. The food is overall very good and I've tried most of the items on the menu. I've had both good and bad service but the past few times I've been the service has been good. The atmosphere is fun and the outdoor space is my great. They have a rotating beer list.

The cons: Sometimes they have a long wait but they usually over quote. Parking can be a pain when valet is full. They don't accept reservations for groups unless your 8+ and they usually are fully committed if you call the day of. I had an issue with the hostess but our server and manager did a great job to resolve the situation when we were there 7/19.

Overall I would recommend this place to everyone just be aware that this place is popular and it's busy. Try to go on the off hours if you want to avoid the crowds. Great job Fox Restaurants!
We went there for my birthday....can't believe the bouncers at this place.   they kicked us out because my friend gave the ping pong ball to another group of people and was unable to get his license back.  During the argument George the bouncer ripped beers out of my hand and told me that "it was his job to be aggressive".  They really need to get over themselves.  The food was ok....certainly not worth the money charged and the lines were terrible.   This experience has soured me on this place, and all Sam Fox restaurants.  Unbelievable evening.....
The Yard looks amazing, the concept is cool... and that's about it. 

Sadly, after three visits, I've decided to take this spot out of the rotation. BUT WHY, you ask? How could I, with all the cornhole and ping pong and beer and whatnot?! Welp, I'll tell you:

The service is complete crap. 

Every. Time. We wait forever, get attitude from the staff, and have even experienced dirty glasses and cold food. Once, I ordered a "red Stella" (this is a simple concoction of Stella Artois and bloody mary mix.) I order it all over town and get it served up perfectly. Not only did they not know what it was here, they refused to mix it, insisting I get a shot of bloody mary mix on the side. It wouldn't mix up properly like that and my beer was warm. I complained and the server rolled her eyes at me. 

My friend got a dirty greasy glass with her Jameson and soda. 

Our overpriced fries and burgers were ice cold, IN THE SUMMER IN PHOENIX. This is no easy task, my friends. 

Finally, we waited over an hour to play cornhole. When a spot finally opened up, the dude playing before me just handed me his bean bags. I had no idea I had to actually rent them. I got yelled at by a bouncer who snatched up all the game equipment and insisted I go provide my drivers license to reserve them. I had no problem doing so, but by the time I had finished waiting to speak to someone at the register, they said the spot had already been reserved by someone else and I'd have to wait for another one to open up. 

Thanks, but no thanks. Three strikes and you're out.
This is the 2nd time we've been here... The yard is a Sam Fox enterprise consisting of Culinary Dropout and Cleo's...we have been to the Scottsdale location but much prefer the Phoenix one due to atmosphere and attitude of the servers. 
Again we had a very good experience and after eating spent the afternoon playing ping pong at the tables.. No charge, just a drivers license.
The pretzel fondue is yummy and really anything on their menu would probably be good. Sam Fox does not disappoint!
What a great addition to the neighboorhood!  A great covered patio with games, live music, great food and a central location.

I had the opportunity to visit the Yard twice in the same day.  And the experiences were night and day.  Come to think of it, those are the 2 times I was there...once for lunch and then later to meet up with friends for drinks and music.

The lunch scene was not idea.  Service was a little spotty - we did have to ask for things a couple of times.  But also the noise level was completely unbearable.  When my mom complained about it on her visit, I thought that was just her age talking (imagine a cranky lady shaking her fist at the kiddos - "turn that loud mess off").  

With the busy street on one side and live band that answered back with a higher volume, sound waves bounced chaotically off every inche of the patio - the place is nothing but hard surfaces.  I was literally screaming at my lunch companion as well as the waitress.  I was also in a volume battle with the noisy kids seated just a foot away from us.  Oh yes, there are children there too.

As I left, with a sore throat and ringing in my ears, I decided this was not a place to return.  However, when friends picked the yard later that night, I realized that wouldn't last.

And it was still loud.  But that seems more acceptable when it is after 10pm...however, I was struggling to continue to yell at my companions and listen carefully with my ear in their face to hear them.

So that was my major take away from my 6 hours at the Yard.  Loud.  In fact, I can still hear it ringing in my ears.
After reading a lot of negative or moderate reviews, I went to the Yard prepared for a loud, crowded place with horrible service and average food. We got there at 6:00 on a Friday, which is the beginning of their dinner rush. We used their free valet parking (which we appreciated and thought was a classy move) and were seated immediately. We chose to sit indoors because there was no wait (outdoors was a half hour wait) and found the atmosphere to be fun, casual, and really "hip". We admired the decor, the high wood beams, and the industrial steel framing that decorated the place and would definitely give it 5 stars on decor and general vibe.
We expected the service to be not that great after reading so many reviews but the waitress was SO nice and helpful. She refilled drinks promptly, smiled a lot, and checked on us often, for me that's all that matters.
The food that we ordered was well worth it. The pretzel and cheese dip was pretty good, I probably wouldn't get it again based on the price ($10) but the French dip was to DIE for. We also ordered fish and chips which was also delicious and overall had nothing to complain about as far as the food goes. Maybe it's a bit pricey so you definitely pay for the ambiance of the place but we didn't mind.
My one and only complaint was that about 10 flies followed our food order so we were swatting them away the whole time. I've only been there once so maybe it was a fluke but that's the only thing that wasn't great about it. Trust me when I say the Yard is not nearly as crazy or loud or the service as bad as some reviewers seemed to think. Give it a shot and decide for yourself.
Overall we're definitely looking forward to going back. The food and ambiance is a much needed change from your typical chain restaurant and we absolutely loved our visit there. Afterwards we stayed and chatted a few minutes in the comfortable bench seating and just enjoyed the people watching. We didn't have time for ping pong or anything outside but it's definitely something we'll hit up next time.
GREAT bacon bloody mary and breakfast egg sammie! Yum!
I love the vibe of the outside. It's a great place to bring the family or go out with your friends. They have a wide variety of drinks and TV's so you can watch sports while you eat, drink, and play. It's also fun when they have a live band. I would not suggest eating inside. It is pretty loud and hard to hear people. The food is stratifying. Their pretzels and cheese fondue are a must have!!
This is a fun and unique place.  Amazing atmosphere, really unbeatable. There's nowhere more fun to hang out than on those soft green couches while you're waiting for your turn at corn hole.  Somehow the crowd usually seems to be over-dressed thirty-somethings, however, usually who have reserved a lot of those pleasant spots on weekend nights, so the crowded-ness can put a damper on it sometimes.  Nothing that can't usually be solved by some excellent live cover bands and a bowl of hot soft pretzels.
Fun place to play some outdoor games, and drink. 
Great atmospher, nice decor.

The only downside, yard needs more game tables, maybe darts and a few other choices, as when its busy its hard to get a place to play.
Never again...went for a friends birthday and didn't realize how dressed up we needed to be! The drinks are extremely overpriced and if I wanted to go to Scottsdale i would. Definitely not the usual central Phoenix crowd. I liked that they had games but had no chance to play on a Saturday night. I can maybe see myself going back during a weekday, but probably not. There were also a lot of drunk guys constantly bumping in to people and dropping glasses.
I remember when this place was Flint British Motors. Forget the Kawasaki/Ducati days: That's newbie stuff. I remember looking at Spitfires and MG's under that enormous awning. Remember them? Stopped selling them in the early 80's.

Anyway, the food's as good as one might expect from Sam Fox. The service isn't the fastest, but keep in mind the utter enormous size of the place. On a Monday night our server (who looked like a model, in keeping with the Sam Fox MO) had to tend to a sparse crowd spread across something close to a city block. The server kept her cheery demeanor despite looking forward to running the equivalent of a 5K on her shift under the nicely-cooled awning.

When the food arrived it was delicious. No complaints from anyone in our party. Try the fried chicken. It was not only the special, but it was actually special.

Yes, they have games. I guess they're fun. I lack hand-eye coordination so I limit my fun activities to motorcycles and guns. But have at it!

Parking is valet-assisted. When it gets busy you're going to want to use it. Parking in front of Planned Parenthood and running across 7th Street is a bit unseemly.
Great open concept layout. excellent eating areas. The only problem I ran into was that it took about 15 minutes to get a drink at the bar. Hopefully this was just a one time occurance.
Yet another one of Sam Fox's great restaurants.  I would have gave a fourth star but I do not think the staff is equipped enough to handle the large crowds.  Since this place has an indoor relaxing vibe and the outdoor is a hangout athletic patio, there is alot going on and to handle with one kitchen.  I have been here multiple times now and not once was the server on top of their game.  

Food is great here, always high expectations from any of his restaurants.  This is a great spot to hang out with friends after work and it is my new favorite place for dinner, drinks and outdoor games!  They have a great variety with shuffle board, ping pong and some others.  It is hard to come and play outdoors in the peak of the heat so wait until it cools down.  

I love the grilled artichokes here, I am sucker every time.  Great salads too.  I plan to try some other entrees the next time I come and enjoy!
We would definitely come back and I was lobbying to go back sooner than later since we had such a great time out with our friends (who are also family). Great food, great drink, and a great time! 

PARKING:

It is Valet parking only or you need to park across the street. When you come in, they ask for your cell phone number and txt you when your table is ready. they also immediately send you a link to see your position in line on a web page. It was really cool.

WAIT TIME:

On a Saturday night the wait was about 45 min for the six of us. We went out the the giant patio area and walked right up to an empty table. I think they are hard to come by, but we lucked out.  We had a drink or two before being seated. 

BAR:

There are games, such as ping pong, corn-hole and shuffleboard, but we did not play any. they all looked busy and we were fine just talking.  

There is a small bar behind the games, but they only have 3 beers on tap and a few in cans, so we went to the main bar to get more choices...and they do have a TON of choices. you can also get a Brown Bag Special, which is basically they give you a beer like Hamms or Bush in a paper bag. Kind of funny, but I prefer Kilt Lifter, which they have along with a lot of other great beers. A really great thing about this place is the patio area is so big, you can get a drink and don't have to be standing shoulder to shoulder with other people like seems to be the norm at other trendy restaurants. 

The crowd ranges from teens to 50+, but certainly most are in the 20's and 30's.  Us, being in our 40's still fit in.  I suppose it would be ok to bring younger children, but there were none there. ...actually, I did see a woman walking a baby around. We also ran into a friend's teenage children, but I do not recall any other. 

RESTAURANT:

The restaurant was very nice. They had a live band that sounded great and was not too loud. We all tried each others food and we like it all. We were really impressed at how great the food was. 

FOOD:

The Pretzel fondue was to die for. A MUST have! 
The meatloaf was better than my mom's!  (Sorry mom.)
My wife and I shared the Pastrami Turkey (Turkey with seasonings on the outside like beef pastrami) with coleslaw on a pretzel bun. I would definitely get that again. REALLY good.
The mussels were just "OK". Not great, but not bad. The bread that came with them was really good.
Had the fish and chips. Fish was tasteless and overcooked (dark brown). I did like the outside area and the fact that they had games (bean bag toss I think?).
The concept is great and it's a nice place.  It could be fantastic with a few changes.  I will not go back unless those happen.  We met friends (about 12) on a Friday night.  They had been there for about an hour so they had drinks, etc.  we sat down and chatted and 15 minutes later still no waitress. I caught a waiter and asked him very nicely what the process was to get a drink (I wasn't sure because its kinda a different atmosphere).  He said sarcastically "you wait patiently and hope to catch your waiters eye).  Huh? Another 5 minutes passes - No waiter.  My husband and I walked to the bar and ordered a couple drinks and went back to our table.  About 10 minutes later the waitress shows up and tells us that we could be kicked out for not ordering from her....huh??  We had a light dinner and one more drink and left our table.  During dinner our friend cleared our table of dirty glasses/dishes so that we would have room for the dinner plates. The corn hole was fun and the place could be great.  One bar and a few wait staff is not enough for this huge place.  Why not have beer stations for those that just want a beer?  The bouncer was rude to my friend that asked a simple question, telling her "I don't know lady, I just kick people out".  I felt like I was back in college.. only without the cheap, easy to get drinks.  I'm confused as to why the staff was so rude.  It didn't appear to be a rough and difficult crowd.  I really don't blame the wait staff.  They are young kids that are just learning.  They need better leadership guidance, and training.
Great place to spend a Sunday afternoon playing ping pong, shuffleboard, or cornhole and drinking beer. Cold beer , shade and misters make it comfortable all day. Good food too!
Fun!!!  Came here with a work group and we definately enjoyed the games that were available.  The drinks were pricey but very well made.  Our waitress was helpful, fast and completely adorable!  The only suggestion I have is that if customers move over to pay games, you have your servers move over and take care of them regardless of their location.
Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel roll! The beer selection is ok, the mixed drinks are better. The only problem with the place is that it can fit many more people than they can serve. ideal for drinking and playing games with your friends. arrive in a cab. Have fun and drink responsibly.
I've been to The Yard three times now and I was a little surprised by the low Yelp rating when I looked it up. While I've had a good experience each time I've come, I can understand how it could really go either way on any given night. 

Yes ,it's busy and the valet parking is everywhere in this area, but we've always gotten taken care of immediately. Check in has always been great and the texting when your table is ready is soooo much better than those vibrating disks. I'm a huge ping pong player and while other's have had a bad experience getting paddles, we've always lucked out. The first time we lucked into getting paddles by walking up to the first table and they were done. The last time, it was slow enough on a Friday night (which was a bit weird given my past two experiences where it was really crowed) that we didn't have anyone else playing and we were able to get them right away from the hostess. We have never scored the bags but at the same time, I'd much rather play ping pong so that is okay with me. 

The food is pretty good and while I do think the pretzel bites are good, they aren't the best ever. Good but not something I would crave. I've gotten a few different things and I do like the chicken salad, though last time, it did seem a bit off. Other people in my parties have ordered the meatloaf and the chicken and seemed to like it.

Our servers have always been prompt but I can't recall any of them being overly friendly and service does seem slow. I don't think it helps that this place is HUGE. They probably get in several miles of walking every night. I do remember one time that they couldn't make our group some speciality shot a friend requested. Can't remember what exactly what it was but I did think it was weird. It seems more of a speciality bar that only stocks certain things. Last trip we ordered the Kona beer and it was served in a can. While I'm all for keeping up with the atmosphere and playing into the 'yard' theme, canned beer isn't really my thing. Can't recall if she offered us cold glasses or not. 

What I do love about this place is that it can be a whole evening. Entertainment, pretty good food and really good people watching.  Last visit, there was a good band right out in the center and I enjoyed listening to them. Too often you go out to dinner and then don't have much to do afterwards so its nice having an option for one stop shopping on date night. Overall, I like this place and love the atmosphere.
A friend decided to have her birthday shindig here and I have to say it was a great choice.  We had a party of 20 something including kids, so the space alone was nice to have. Everyone stayed entertained whether it was sitting in the comfy chairs/couches chatting away or playing a little cornhole and ping pong. We were there at least 5 hrs and I wouldn't have minded staying longer if I had the time.  Our server Britney was amazing! She was on top of it the entire time and super friendly.  Our entire group kept saying how great the service was. Not just Britney, but everyone helping her deliver everything we ordered. Will  definitely be back and will recommend to everyone! Thank s for a great experience!!
I enjoy this place simply for the bustling atmosphere. The vibe is usually a positive one and I admit I always have a pretty decent time here. However, I went recently after the second portion of the restaurant opened and it was a clusterfuck. I don't think anyone who works there anticipated the size of the crowd with 2 restaurants operating. Everything was extremely slow, people seemed cranky, the food was not very staggered and took ages to arrive and the wait was 2 HOURS to even be seated. It was painfully obvious they weren't prepared for that amount of people.

After spending something like 3 hours waiting and finally eating, we ventured over to the game area. This was pointless. Way too many people were playing and being extremely selfish. Rather than playing a few games of cornhole and relinquishing the bags to someone who was waiting, people would play like 14 games. Dude, seriously. Don't be a dick. There needs to be a rule that says that: "Play and have fun! But don't be a selfish dick." Eventually, around 30 minutes before closing, we got to play ping pong. Hurray? And that brings me to another point - why are you closing at midnight? I understand having the kitchen close at that time, that's not unusual. But the entire bar? It's bizarre. 

Luckily the crowd I was with is a blast and kept each other occupied while we stood waiting our turn to play one of the games. We ventured over to Pomeroy's afterwards. That place is probably thanking its lucky stars The Yard opened.

Bottom line is: If you go here on the weekend ANY time of the day, it's a long wait and so crowded it's almost not enjoyable. It was better before the second spot opened. I dunno if I'll go back, there's a lot of options in this area where I don't need to spend 5 hours waiting and eating. Little Woody's is a much better option for games and Vovomeena kills it for breakfast. And I can actually park.
Well they don't have enough parking, but I immediately let that go walking into the place because it is an awesome set up. 

The problem I have is with the service, and I don't even blame the severs. I blame whoever came up with their stupid policies. We tried to hang on the side that has all the games, but we wanted to eat something. And their policy is that if you order food you have to stand at the bar until the order comes out. So we had to give up the table we were at to wait at the bar. I asked if she knew how long it would be. "I have no idea, there is no way to tell"? So forty minutes later after we asked twice, the food comes out.  We got to eat standing since we were forced to give up the table. Why? 

I can think of so many solutions to this dumb, dumb policy. Why not have a runner bring the food out? Why not text me when the food is ready? Why do I have to wait at the bar when you took my card already? Why not get one of those pagers and let it buzz when the food is ready? 

Anyway, I'll definitely take this post down, and return, if a manager at the yard realizes how ridiculous this policy is and does something about it.
I have been there  a couple times. It's a great place ruined by over priced drinks and food. That and there is limited parking. Their happy hour is a joke, limited to a small section of the restaurant. Service was ok. Overall value is poor.
FINALLY got to actually go inside this place!! Would always drive by and see the lights and the crowd and hear the music and just think, I need to get in there. Just came back from it and honestly, you aren't missing much. We were quick to be seated, but the music is so loud, you have to yell in the other persons ear, even if they are sitting RIGHT next to you for them to hear you-not a great place for a date. The food, meh, wasn't that great really. Parking, yes was terrible but i was determined to get in. Thought it'd be worth it and sadly was wrong. The food is average, and there is very little on the actual menu. Like, almost nothing? I even asked for the second menu because it's that small! haha wasn't great. Create a dream of how you'd like this place to be, and hold onto that rather than going inside, you will only be disappointed.
Unique concept!  I really like it by the layout is a little confusing.  PIng pong tables, picnic tables, reserved areas, bar area, free for all areas, and just a cluster.  

You must valet or good luck and find a place to park within a 1 mile of this place.  We got our names on the list for a 45 min wait.  Straight to the bar!  Hardly a spot to get to the bar to order.  One of us got to the bar and ordered for everyone.  Grab our drinks and found a free for all area to crash.  Ordered the soft pretzels & provolone fondue app.  SO SO SO SO GOOD.  It was very loud too.  Almost felt like I needed to text my friends to communicate with them.  

Finally got in for the table.  It was right next the kitchen.  Awesome!  But within 10 mins of sitting at the table the live band started to play.  They were good but SO LOUD.  Impossible to carry a conversation at all.  I ordered the fried chicken (3 pieces of perfectly fried chicken with honey lightly drizzled on top, a freaking awesome biscuit, and a tiny scope of mash potatoes.  But the servers were great!

Boiled down to:  FOOD 5 stars; concept 5 star; & 1 stars for enjoying the company of your fellow eaters.  Felt like I ordered food and was like eating by myself at a concert.  WHAT?  HOW IS YOUR FOOD?  WHAT?  Our conversions!
I just left this place. It is a neat idea in concept- play area with booze and food, but omg, what a clusterfun. You really would need someone to go with you to explain how things work. This not my idea of relaxing. 

The appetizers I had were actually pretty tasty- the pretzel bread was nice. However, I got super grossed out by the hair that was in my margarita. That coupled with the whole, not having a server thing, really kills the idea of ever going back to this "restaurant".
Fun place. Good bar food. My server was great. There was live music. Will go back for sure.
The valet farted in my car.

I wish I was joking.
This place can be fun if there's not a huge crowd hogging all the sitting areas and equipment. Good luck on a Friday or Saturday...I came back on a Sunday night and the place was wide open. Happy hour beer mugs sound good at $3, but it's not on all draft selections and the "mugs" are pretty small.
Its like an old all american backyard gathering...if you want to sit and eat, you must do so at the Arrogant Butcher = the main house in this metaphor. Pretty cute though, love the concept.
One of my absolute favorite spots, located in a great part of phoenix, the yard/culinary dropout was once a Indian motorcycle dealership and a motorcycle mechanic shop is a local landmark in my eyes. From a 1.95 paper bag special to ma..meatloaf!?! This place has it all and the place to get away from the usual Applebee's and chilis. Plus free valet, come on and get off your butt and try the yard/culinary dropout. The Moscow mules are amazing, just make sure it's given to you in the copper mugs. The pretzel balls are a must purchase anytime you visit, and what more could I say, this place just has it all and should be on a must visit list for all who come to Phoenix.
(Lyrics - Kelis - Milkshake)

Fox Concept brings all of us to The Yard,
And they're like
It's tastier than before,
Damn right it's tastier than before,
You can dine here, 
But they have to charge

Fox Concept brings all of us to The Yard,
And they're like
It's tastier than before,
Damn right it's tastier than before,
You can dine here, 
But they have to charge

I know you want it, 
The thing that makes you hungry, 
What all of us go crazy for.
They lose their minds, 
The way we dine,
I think its time

La la-la la la,
Warm it up.
Lala-lalala,
We're all waiting

The Yard is an interesting place.  Two different dining experiences; one from what I gather a seafood/oyster restaurant and the other is the Culinary Dropout.  Culinary Dropout I would describe is modern American cuisine.  Great small bites to share so we ordered the pretzel with cheese, bacon with grilled cheese and the mussels.  

The pretzels were soft and doughy while the creamy cheese helped with the chewing process, if you know what I mean.  The bacon and grilled cheese sandwich really worked well together.  That's gonna be my new thing grilled cheese and bacon; why didn't I think of this!  Finally, the mussels with the broth, which I still can't figure what it is...yummy!  Overall my favorite of the night and definitely a recommendation.  

Drinks are pretty pricey, and the games around "the yard" are pretty cool.  Ping pong tables, foosball, and corn hole games spread across the place.  It reminds me of an East coast roof top bar feel with the couches and the live band rocking away.  It can get real loud here, but if you can't handle the noise keep your butt at home and enjoy a glass of wine.  In the end, this is the closet thing to a night life in Central area of Phoenix. - Enjoy!
Website is deceptive. Happy hour only at the bar. Waitress over charged us after she brought us extra chips and then charged us $2 for them.
The only downfall? It's too darn popular! Seriously, there's a part of me that wishes nobody knew about this place so I could have all the games and fun to myself. Sadly (but luckily for them), this is not the case. The Yard is like the most popular kid in school: always surrounded and nearly impossible to steal away. The entire outdoor area is filled with every game imaginable, horseshoes, cornhole, ping pong... you name it they've got it. The inside is a booming Culinary Dropout with the delicious drinks and live music that they are so well known for. 

Pros: 

- Great atmosphere
- Fun games 
- Live music 
- Housemade cocktails and local brews 
- Brown bag beers 
- Yummy food 

Cons 

- Parking. Valet fills up and if they can't accommodate you, you will need to park in one of the neighboring parking lots, but pay attention because they will ticket you if you park in a no parking zone. 

- It's incredibly crowded and nearly impossible to actually get play any of the games without a long wait.
Oh my gosh, what a great hang-out spot in central Phoenix. We were there on a Thursday evening and the ambience is yuppie cool. Lovely lights strung throughout a place that feels like someone's huge backyard. Good food provided by three local establishments that we adore. The service was excellent and friendly. Loved playing Ping-Pong and bean bag toss. We'll be back to hang out for some more of your extraordinary tasting cocktails and good food.
Love the pretzels and fondue...love the atmosphere and drinks!


Service is awful. 6 bartenders and sitting at the bar, had to beg for another glass of wine and literally yell to get someone's attention to get our check, seriously? We at AT the bartop.
The atmosphere is really cool and I love the concept but there are a few things that will probably keep me from coming back here. They are as follows:

1) We had a fairly large group of people occupying an area in between two of the large couch areas (at one of the fire pits) but could not get a server to serve us. We assumed it was because we weren't actually sitting in any of the couches. That's pretty lame.

2) Since we had no server, we were required to go to the bar for drinks. This was quite the task considering the bartenders would not serve you unless you were sitting IN a bar chair/stool. I'm not new to the bar scene so I know for a fact that almost all bars will serve the annoying hoard of people hovering behind those seated at the bar. (Also, I'm not ugly....so I know it wasn't because of that).

3) They apparently HERD you into a line at the bar between two ropes where you have to either order beer or one of their weird concocted drinks. I felt like livestock.

4) The food is eh. 

5) Parking sucks. Just like every other "Complimentary Valet" having restaurant in the area. 

I'll give it another whirl but if the valet farts in my car like they did to some other Yelper I might just avoid The Yard altogether.
I love the concept of this place, food drink and free games. There's value there because you can spend A lot playing games at places like Dave n Busters.

Let's get to the food, I had the trout. It was topped with green beans almonds and onions, what a nice combination of flavors. The fish was cooked just right, it was moist and I enjoyed every bite. 

Another memorable thing from my dinner here is they have these mystery brown paper bag beers for $1.50. You never know what beer you will get (icehouse was one of them) but this is a great deal! And it's kinda cool drinking a beer out of a paper bag in a restaurant.
I was visiting friends in the PHX area and they suggested having dinner/drinks at The Yard - it was also their first time attending. 

First off, the valet parking is great - granted, we went on a Monday night, so not all that busy (I know some complained that the lot filled up - I would imagine that would be the case on weekends). 

We sat outside, which on most Arizona evenings is a must - it was extremely comfortable and open, and there is a roof that will protect you from any 'weather' - though in my brief stay there wasn't so much a cloud. Must be nice! 

Our waitress was quirky - but this is a quirky'ish restaurant - and was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. We all got a different selection of beers - I had the Moose Drool, which is (I believe...) a Montana brewed beer, and one that I had been recommended by others - after I saw this, I sort of lost focus on the rest of the draught selection, but I think there was a good rotation of local and seasonal brews.

We split the pretzels w/ fondue as an appetizer (~12 bite sized pretzel cubes) - there was nothing incredible about them, but they were a fine compliment to our beers. I followed that up with a butternut squash cannelloni (although, I'm not Italian, but I don't think this was cannelloni - more like ravioli) that was really tasty, and surprising how flavorful and well done considering that The Yard comes across as being more pub food-centric. The other folks got the pub-food: a burger and grilled cheeses w/ bacon - everyone seemed pleased.

The Yard gets an extra star for the free entertainment. Again, I would imagine that the whole situation would be MUCH different on the weekend, but on a Monday night it was easy to play a game of cornhole with beer in hand (they also have table shuffleboard and ping pong) and not have to wait or feel cramped. It's a great place to go with friends to catch up and have a good time, and I was really appreciative of the fact that we weren't forced to close-out our tab with the waitress even after getting up after the meal to play the games - she came over and let us continue adding to our check.

I would definitely re-visit next time I'm in the area.
Mediocre food with amazingly inadequate portions. Poor service (can someone hire actual servers and not these hipsters who can't be bothered to serve anyone?) My boyfriend ordered a dish with brussell sprouts. What he got was four brussell sprout leaves. Pathetic. I don't understand how this place is always so crowded.
This is a place to grab drinks with your buddies and have fun playing games! THAT'S IT. I was not impressed by the food at all, too expensive for the quality. Not to mention, my table wasn't clean and my water cup was dirty, stuff you don't pay attention when you're drunk!
Was here for a friend's birthday party and have a nice time.  Service was very good, so were the drinks.  Didn't have a chance to eat, so I can't rate the food.  Something odd though - when I went to the valet to get my car... 2 Phoenix cops were sitting in their Tahoe watching everyone that came out.  I felt very uncomfortable.  I was by no means drunk and was perfectly fine to drive... but having them outside... just waiting for someone to sneeze or cough or perhaps trip on a curb... was weird.  I didn't like that I was made to feel like I was doing something wrong when I had done nothing wrong.  Just sayin'.
Ever miss playing with your friends at recess? Well, you can again at The Yard!

I was quite impressed with this venue on Saturday night, I must say. First of all, LOVE that Yard is "ridin shotgun" with one of my faves, Culinary Dropout. This place is pretty genius in my eyes, bc they have so many activities going on such as Ping-Pong and bean bag toss but still has the "lounge" vibe w/their couches off to the side. Yes, there were pretty ppl here but I never sensed any lame snobby-ness. 

HINT: Parking is sort of a bitch. Park across the street by Basha's, but beware that the entrance is in the back.
Most of the reviews on here are either love-it or hated-it and I suspect that it mostly has to do with how crowded it was when they were there. I was lucky and came here for a work event in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday. So, no parking issues and there was plenty of space to lounge and no wait for games. I can see how it would get a little crazy if there was a ton of people there but really since it is outdoors with plenty of seating and drink-resting tables I think no matter how full of people The Yard gets it is still way better than most bars that try to cram some games into a small space or someplace like Dave and Busters that has them indoors so it gets crazy loud and super annoying. I definitely would not come here for a date night or if I wanted a quiet dinner with an old friend but for a large group that wants to hang out for a while and drink without getting bored, this is a great place. I didn't try any of their many specialty cocktails but most people were raving about them. They had a decent and reasonably priced selection of craft beer and wine. Also, a fair amount of Mexican beer, too. That, plus their pretzel fondue = four stars in my book!
I love this place as well. For some reasons my boyfriend and I have fell in love with places in central phx/arcadia area as far as dining out.  We love this place for a number of reasons one being most of the food, secondly because of the manager who always takes care of us in which we forgot his name, and also for the oyster shooters that next door made for us different than most other places.  I love the pretzel bites when the cheese isn't cold or the bread, the fried chicken is amazing and everything else we have tried was just decent. But we still have yet to try more on the menu so until then i'm still giving them 5 stars.
My friends birthday party is why i ventured out to the yard. From the time i drove up i was not impressed. They have free Valet but it was filled up and so were all the places they told me to park. Not to mention all the police who were parked around this place waiting to give you a $70 parking ticket for parking on the street! I ended up parking across the street in a closed dark auto parts place. Then having to cross 7th st in what i called a suicide race to the other side- not great.
      
Once we got across the street we had to figure out where to enter - entrance is in the back - by valet. We went straight to the bar to meet my friends. It was very packed and i did get service rather quickly - i got the pinot Grigio on tap which i thought was very cool - but my glass had lipstick all over the top - when i pointed this out she poured it out and gave me another glass which had less wine in it. I felt like she was punishing me for there mistake. 

We proceeded to order food - we started with the pretzel fondu appetizer this was mediocre @best - i think they microwave the pretzels! And the fondu was beyond salty - know i was looking forward to having dinner here - that excitement ended with the appetizer. We had to order everything @the bar then take it to the area where my friends were because there are no servers for the back. 

Know your standing @this place because there is not enough seating. When i went to the restroom it was confusing because its unisex - i have no prob with this when done right. The bathroom was filthy and there was a broken bottle in my stall - so gross. 

Overall i did not like the yard - it was overpriced and customer service is non existent. Why 2 stars not 1 ? They did have a sam adams promotion and we got free T- shirts which was cool and i did like the pinot on tap- just not enough to ever get me back in that place.
Ambiance=5 stars. Service=3 stars. Food= 4 stars dependent upon what you order.  I have been here a few times and love the atmosphere and the fact they have games. The food is decent, but not up to Sam Fox' s normal standard. This place is mainly about the atmosphere.
While I'm sure it can get overly busy and obnoxious, that's the drawback of creating a place with so much fun stuff. However, at 11:30 a.m. on a Saturday it's the perfect place for my 7-year-old, his soccer team, and numerous siblings to run around and play games like cornhole (beanbag toss), ping-pong, and foosball while the parents get to have conversation and enjoy a few adult beverages.

Service was quick and the food was quite good - I had the grilled chicken club and my boys had the mac and cheese.

In sum, this is a great place for everyone, families, couples, singles, etc. Now I really want to ride my bike over, have a few drinks, watch a few games. Honestly, this would be a great place to just camp out during the first few days of the NCAA Basketball Tournament.
This place looks cool and is a nice atmosphere but the staff are all incredibly rude, even when not busy.
The idea of the Yard is great and it is executed well.  There is so much to distract you with cornhole, ping pong, and so much more. Both times I have been there the place is so packed you are waiting forever for a table if you want to eat and the next person to be seated is waiting at the table for you to finish up and leave.  Way too crowded to actually talk to the people your with. 
The food itself was nothing fabulous but was decent.  It's your typical American style food.  I have yet to try the seafood place that is housed there. Perhaps that would raise my opinion of this place.  Probably not though since my main complaint jus with the crowds. If you are in college or a young professional you might enjoy this chaos environment better than I have.
Too many kids to enjoy it (unless of course you go there to take your kids).  I'm sure it changes as the evening gets later.  I love kids, I have 2 myself.  But I don't hire a babysitter to go out for a drink just so that someone else's toddlers can be hanging over their shoulder drooling on me.
We came here for a Sunday Funday, except I had missed the memo and was in an inexplicable Sunday Funkday. Never deterred, my inner 5 year old gave in to the games and I ended up having a fantastic time!

We started off at Culinary Dropout to watch a football game. The interior is bright, floor to ceiling glass, and modern.  We may have been a bit early, but the atmosphere inside wasn't sports bar pandemonium and hysteria that is contagious. In other words, I had nobody to trash talk with except for my companion - and that gets old.  There's an outdoor seating area that seemed more lively. This could be a great stop to have brunch, get amped for football by playing games and unleashing the competitive ferocity that only comes out during heroic games of PING PONG, FOOSBALL, AND CORNHOLE.  Then, glumly slink to the nearest sports bar to watch real athleticism and drink your glory days away.
I actually took my time going to The Yard due to the craziness this place got when it first opened. We ended up going to Little Cleo's and had a great dinner. I'm not a huge fan of the Fox Concept restaurants, but we had a great experience at Little Cleo's. We wanted to stay around to play some of the games, but didn't have the time. We will definitely be back to have the full Yard experience. I am a sucker for Cornhole and Ping Pong so this place is calling me back for sure. We didn't have any problems with parking and the wait for games didn't seem long so don't get discourage at some of the reviews.
Great atmosphere and the place to be on a cool fall Phoenix night. They have tons of games to entertain anyone of all ages and you must get the soft pretzels and provolone fondue!!!! Out. Of. This. World.
I really wanted to like The Yard so much so that I have been there at least 4 times. After all, it's in my neighborhood, it's an amazing space, has a modern and appealing menu, and on paper is a really great concept.

Disappointingly, many of those things are forgotten when you experience the place.  First, if you've never been there, you likely will be confused about how to get in...what appears to be the natural entrance on 7th Street, has an a-frame sign telling you not to enter...as if you'll be able to read that entering off a busy road.  So, do your best to work your way around the block to find that valet off a side street entrance.  Oh, and that assumes that they don't have a sign up saying that the valet is full, therefore you need to fend for yourself and hope to not be towed.  

From the first visit, the hostesses never quite seemed too happy to be there...which is kinda their job, I thought...you know, to be welcoming.  So, at this point, if you're foolish like me, you'll keep going, rather than turn around.  Because the service gets worse once you're seated...

...On my first visit, I chalked the poor service up to it being a new venue, and probably even gave the benefit of the doubt on the second visit.  But after months having passed, and a couple more visits, I would say it's gotten even worse.  It's obviously a busy place, and while I want to blame the individual servers for being inattentive, I think it naturally has to be management's failure to sufficiently staff for such a large crowd.  As a result, when they finally get to you, they are physically and mentally taxed.  That said, it's nearly impossible to even identify who the servers are, in part because they are allowed to wear whatever they want, thus blending in with everyone else in the restaurant.  

The food, when you get it, is pretty good.  The drinks, some are very good, some not so much (I can chalk some of that up to personal taste).  But, again, those things get lost because everything up to that point is just greatly disappointing.

The best part of this place is leaving...

Save yourself the trouble and find someplace else on Yelp that has a more favorable star rating and more positive feedback.
If you are looking for a decent dinner, good bar food, and a variety of drink options, this place is a good find.
The variety of their seating is nice, and the place is pretty versatile. I love that you can at outside if you would like to.
They have happy hour which is nice, and everyone is always trying to accommodate. If you are up for some outdoor ping pong or corn hole, this place is the place to go!! 
The last time I went I had a salad with sweet potato chips/crumbs in it and it was soo good..
The yard is a great place for HAPPY HOUR! They have a great beer and wine selection during happy hour, I usually get the girly beers: either a Wild Blue (blueberry beer) or a Stella Artois but my brothers and hubby get those strong, adventurous beers. Every server I've had has been really cool and is helpful with their beer suggestions. It always seems like they are just one of your friends. The happy hour food is awesome! I've tried pretty much everything, but ones that stood out were the pretzel balls and cheese, the meatloaf sandwich, salmon bruschetta, and french fries. Basically it's all good. I love the whole concept of the Yard. It's like going to a friend's place that has coolest backyard. Swanky outdoor furniture, Italian string lights, plus ping-pong and cornhole. That's really all you need for a good, chill afternoon. It gets pretty busy during happy hour on Thursday-Friday, and you can find many well-dressed downtown hipsters here. Happy hour is only at the tall tables, so I would recommend getting there early if you have a bigger group. During the weekdays happy hour isn't crowded as bad, and that just makes for faster food and drinks. Parking is pretty crazy sometimes, last time we waited in line for a while just to get our car valeted, but it not a deal breaker.
the place gets the best ratings when it comes to the atmosphere. The service was mediocre, the food was mediocre, but the atmosphere and the selection of beer was incredible.
might be a good place to hang with the guys and do a fantasy draft?
I've been to The Yard before twice, and the atmosphere was so casual and pleasant that I stayed for hours. Went on a Saturday afternoon, and it has sadly now become a Chuck E Cheese.  Tons of young children running around with no parental supervision. Too many large birthday parties. The place has lost its charm.
My diagnosis of The Yard is that it suffers from Bipolar Disorder, a rare contagious variety that makes me both love and loathe it in return.  Even in writing this review I don't know where to start or what to say.  

From the moment you walk in to The Yard there are choices-- Culinary Dropout? Little Cleo's? Inside seating or outside seating? Your mind reels with the possibilities, and you are left wondering "WHO is this place?"

I've been to Culinary Dropout a handful of times and each experience, much like the mood disorder, is different-- great service one time, horrible the next.  The menu itself can't even decide what it wants to be.  On it, you have your choice of fancy meats and cheeses (antipasti) or you can order chicken curry.  You also have a selection of sandwiches and salads, but if you're looking for something heartier, there's always the meatloaf.  They've also included a butternut squash cannelloni for good measure.  With such an odd variety it becomes difficult to choose something.

If you're indecisive or have indecisive friends and family, this is a great place.  The food isn't bad but it's not the best either (and the portions are pretty skimpy).  As far as the environment, again, not sure what the place is supposed to be so it's a little of everything.  They have a stage at the front of the restaurant, far away from most of the seating, and I feel bad for the singers and musicians I've seen there because it's as if they're playing for no one.  It's an unfortunate layout.  

My recommendation is to come here for happy hour or for a little nosh while you watch the game.  And be sure to take your Lithium before entry!
Lindsey D. is right.... this place is way too popular! After enjoying dinner at Little Cleo's, my friend and I went over to the Yard for a drink. It was packed on a Saturday night! We had a hard time finding a place to sit but fortunately a large party was leaving one of the high top tables.  So after placing our order at the bar, we jumped on those open seats. 
This is another one of those "awesome reasons to live in Arizona". Because you can enjoy and open concept bar in the middle of winter. The whole area was covered in green turf and had game tables like ping pong at the far end, and various other seating areas throughout. Heat lamps and fire pits kept the area relatively toasty as long as you were sitting near one of them. I got a glass of wine while my friend sipped a scotch. One of the servers apparently had an extra hard cider she must have poured and offered it to us. We saw a lot of servers running around-but honestly it was kind of hard to tell who was a server and who wasn't. No one really checked on us, but probably since we had a drink in hand they assumed we were all set. 
The crowd is really mixed-people of all ages hanging out. I can't remember if there was music playing or not.....
Cool place to check out, especially with a group of friends as their seating can accommodate large parties.
The service is RIDICULOUSLY good.  The decor is perfection.  The food is hit or miss.    I had lunch here a few months ago, and everyone's food was great.  I went back for drinks and apps with a friend, and we were underwhelmed.  The pretzel fondue was AMAZING, but the deviled eggs were beyond bland and flavorless and the roasted artichoke wasn't done well.  Unfortunately, it's one of those places where you have to really stick to certain items, and ignore the rest.
Awesome place. Except the ID guy needs to learns manners and/or customer service skills.
I am no longer a fan of The Yard. The valet parking is a major issue, it fills up and then you have to park across the street and play frogger trying to make it back across 7th st. The drinks are overpriced as is the food and the place is always filled with kids. I don't go to outdoor patio bars to have screaming children running at my feet. I love children, and if I was going to Peter Piper I would expect the raucous. Unfortunately this has prevented me from being able to take advantage of the fun games they offer (ping pong, corn hole and shuffleboard). 

Perhaps I go too early but any later and you are waiting 2 hours for a table. No thanks. (But yes I will probably still go there because I can ride my bike when the weather is nice and sit out on the patio).
The name of this place says it all. If you're looking for a quiet or upbeat place to chill after work, you probably don't want to come here. It's loud, for one thing. You can't even hear yourself talk. The selection of entertainment isn't anything to do cartwheels over either.

If you want to watch a game or hang out with a bunch of rowdy people, this is where you want to be. Nothing really sucks here, but nothing really stands out either. It's a great place for those just looking for a good time.

Just make sure you're sober before you enter, or you won't be finding your way in to begin with!
Based on the reviews it sounds like a lot of kiddos are running around here during the day.  I have only been there after 7pm and have not had the same experience as those other reviews.  This is a great place to hang out.  You can create your own experience here.  You can choose to keep it light with a game of ping pong or cornhole and a couple of "paperbag specials" with the buds, sit around a fire pit and watch a game or if that is not your thing choose to sit at the bar inside or catch a table inside Culinary Dropout.  Either way CD food is served whether or not you choose to sit inside the restaurants or one of the Yard tables. 

Remember this area is still just a large covered outdoor patio and even with heaters on a chilly night you may still need a sweater. Or conversely in the summer it can get a little warm through here.  But it is not as hot/cold as it is outside the Yard walls.  

Don't let the fact that all the parking is Complementary Valet deter you. [Or the fact the line extends into the street during peak hours] Don't risk trying to park in the neighborhood as the homeowners are diligent about getting folks towed.  Just let the valet dudes do their thing, you go do your thing and tip 'em when your night is through. 

There is a lot of space inside the complex, which includes Miss Cleo's Seafood.  But if you are like me there can be a personal tipping point on the crowd level and have yet to stay after 10:30ish on a Thurs/Fri/Sat.
The Yard is like a big recess for adults at night so it seems.So weird to see three restaurants in one place, does it work , does it not work..well it was packed even though one can not find easy parking. Obviously, when placing the The Yard and the other restaurants in one place, FOX didn't think about logistics.  So what if you have to walk in the middle of the night in the dark, people will still come. And they did. 

We had a large group and even though a reservation was made days before, they weren't very accommodating in the end.  Drinks were overpriced even for a soda and cider.  Service, well I felt for the girl who had to run around quickly to all the tables and groups.  I tried the pretzel dish, I've had better.  They were pretty hard and the cheese wasn't really the greatest.   I ended up not eating there, because again, our area didn't have enough seating nor tables to do so.  Others said they were not impressed with their food either.

The ping pong  area was fun, however a group of pretentious hipsters decided to stand right in back of us, so a lot of the balls would hit one of them obviously..did they try to move or say sorry..yeah no. Sounds like recess back in the day! 

Would I go again, maybe for a drink but I would not wait any amount of time to get a table for any of the restaurants, when there's other places right down the street, just as popular and able to seat us right within a decent amount of time - 45 minutes to an hour is way to long!
We know the FOX is clever, the restaurant concepts they come up with are like little magical yellow bricks down the yellow brick road that is lead by the Peter Piper and when one opens, people gather.
I love the concept of the Yard, group seating, plenty of games to play . . . and there were plenty of groups there.  
Now I know FOX is deft and any restaurant is all about maximizing the potential for the almighty drinks and serving of food.  
Unfortunately, at the Yard, service of food and drinks failed miserably.  There were a large group of us Elite Yelpers there with our friends celebrating some Dec. birthdays . . . yet, there weren't enough seating and I seriously stood there for almost 2 hours and not ONCE did a waiter come by and ask me if I wanted anything to eat or drink.  And I was more than ready to order something to eat and drink!!!
All those potential loss of revenue I saw all around me.  I'm thinking, "if they would do the order and deliver system differently, the nightly intake would certainly double if not more!"
I don't know what the solution is, but if I were FOX, I would send someone FOXY and brainy to spend some time to analyze the situation and come up with a procedure where the plentiful patrons are serviced because at the end of the day, you are still running a restaurant and not a free playground for the grownups.
In theory this place is a fun concept, food, bar, outdoor playground for adults including, lounging areas, large screen tvs, games and servers to bring you whichever cocktail and snacks you desire and the bonus of valet parking.
I came to join friends under a reservation for a birthday party, upon walking in overheard that the wait was at least 2 1/2 hours long, I thought wow this place must be amazing....
Our reserved seating space was LIMITED, but we managed a game of musical chairs, we're adults we know how to share, stand or wander around without getting lost, really not a big deal. 
The food, well if pretzel balls with cheesy fondue and chips is your idea of a meal then you're in luck! I heard they have a great menu although I was never handed one or asked if I wanted one.
Service, well the one server we had for our entire group seemed to be running like a chicken with her head cut off! Too much for even an awesome server to handle & for those who chose to try their luck at the bar the wait was loooonnnggg!
We did manage to entertain ourselves since the place was jam packed, you couldn't hear the football game, barely heard eachother,  game tables were busy or too crowded to really play, there wasn't room or service to order a meal, drinks took so long your buzz faded in between drinks.
As for the bonus of Valet parking, full before 6:30pm, but if you're willing to risk your life as was suggested by parking across the street and dodging busy traffic then this is the place for you! 
P.S. Who came up with the concept of shared his and her bathrooms must have been an only child! Bad idea!!!
Games look pretty fun but there's always a group playing or waiting to play so patience is key. Food ranges from good to great. Not a fan of the drink prices but perhaps that's being nit picky (or cheap!). Try visiting when it's cooler outside while wearing a jacket so you can minimize crowds.
The Yard.  The name rolls smoothly off the tongue and conjures images of kids having fun while running around and playing games.  That's a pretty accurate picture, except these are big kids.  With alcoholic beverages.  Fun!  

Our group was a rather large one and we had a reserved lounge section.  Our reservations were for their "maximum amount" of 14 and we were assured that any additional people over and above that amount could have join us and pull up chairs.  Our group probably ended up being around 20 or so.  Unfortunately, there wasn't enough space for our entire group to sit or anywhere to add chairs to our section, but we managed to find a way to make it work between standing and walking over to play some games.  Drinks came as quickly as our one server could bring drinks for our 20 or so (plus the other section or two that she likely had that night).  

I did not get offered a menu at any time throughout the night, but did ask for one at one point and our server was quick to respond.  And throughout the night, I could always be found with a drink in my hand.  And our server managed to keep a dozen or so separate checks for our group.  Overall, I thought our server did a pretty remarkable job given the amount of people she was serving, the lack of help, and having to keep all those separate checks straight!

The reason for our gathering was that three of us were celebrating our birthdays that night.  And The Yard stepped up and provided a free bottle of champagne for us!  That was completely unexpected and totally awesome of them.  

And the food... oh the food.  Pretzel and cheese fondue was just ok... but I also had the joy of indulging in a Turkey Pastrami sandwich.  The sammy definitely hit the spot and left me completely satisfied.  Seriously, the sandwich could not have been any better.

I know a handful of the people in our group were not as happy with the experience as I was, so I knocked off a star for that... as well as the whole parking mess they have.  I didn't even attempt to valet (which I believe is the only option offered) because the line of cars was so long that I couldn't even turn in off of 7th Street.  Fortunately, I was able to find street parking across the street and walk over... but I'm sure the neighbors aren't a fan of the likely herds of drunk people that must walk through their neighborhood after leaving this FOX concept every night.
As with so many of the Fox Restaurants, I'm conflicted.  I love the concepts, the quirkiness, and the neighborhood feel.  But so often there are things that can be improved.  Some of the criticism I level at this place might be unfair as its beyond their control, but there are some areas for which they can make a difference.  

Allow me to set the stage.  My brother and I came for lunch today (he'd been here, but I hadn't).  The place was really dead ("shockingly dead" as my brother described).  The PF Chang's Marathon was going on so I suspect would be customers decided to avoid the potential traffic near the marathon route.  Good for us I guess as we almost had a run of the place.  The restaurant is actually a densely packed collective of restaurants that all used to be a motorcycle sales, service, and showroom area.  Now there are three distinct restaurants dotting the old footprint.  Culinary Dropout/The Yard, Little Cleo's, and soon Lola Coffee.  Having seen the size of the parking lot, I have no idea they're able to get people in and out of the area when its full as the collective of restaurants can probably seat well over 300 people, but there's only parking for about 50 cars.  Thank goodness it was dead.

The Yard is essentially the outdoor seating space for Culinary Dropout and the menu is the same for both.  The menu contained a number of items I've had at other Fox Restaurants including pretzels & cheese I've had at Arrogant Butcher and a bacon burger I've had at Zinburger.  Since I was in the mood for both, I got both.  Both were as good as I remember.  Would've liked to try something new and innovative, but the menu didn't have all that much that excited me.  My brother got essentially the same thing and we both got a beer each.  Total tab for two burgers, two beers, and the pretzel appetizer was about $60 including tip.  A bit pricey for what you get, but that's more or less what I expect with Fox restaurants.  Afterwards my brother and I played a game of ping pong in back.  Would've played corn hole toss, but ran out of time.  

Overall, the food was adequate but didn't wow me.  The Yard space is a very cool concept with great shading, plenty of TVs, comfortable seating, and games like corn hole toss and ping pong in back.  And I love the adaptive reuse of the buildings to give the area new life.  

That said, I can understand how this area could be overwhelming to some Yelpers when the place is packed.  While the young to middle aged adults are the primary target audience for Fox restaurants, what little crowd their was today was predominantly parents with their toddlers.  I suspect most nights The Yard is probably full of kids more than adults.  Cool I guess if that's what you're looking for, but potentially a turnoff for others.  And as with most Fox restaurants, the food is overpriced.  I get that you pay for the atmosphere as much as the food, but I'm all about the value of the food as much as the atmosphere.

I would come here again if asked, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I have been here twice and I am not sure if I will be back for a third. The idea is great, it's nice to have the option to play games and whatnot, but the place is just too busy...maybe they should let less people in? not sure. The valet is a bit of a nightmare, as it gets backed up and you wait for a very long time, at times. I went for happy hour once and it was very hard to get a spot in the bar area (the only area that honors happy hour pricing), but after waiting awhile, we got a spot. All of the food we got consisted of bread and cheese and were fine, but how bad can bread and cheese be? I thought the grilled cheese sliders would have bacon or whatever they do on the regular menu, but not so at happy hour...sigh. I also went to a fellow yelper's birthday party here and it was a bit crazy... not as much seating as they had given us in the reservation, no possible way to get food (not enough room), extremely slow service....took over 25 min to get my credit card back and my husband had to go find the waitress for this to happen...thought maybe they lost the card...yikes. It was just nothing special.
My wife and I met some friends here for drinks and appetizers. The vibe is more of a look at me, I'm so cool thats why I'm talking so loud feel. Had the house margarita but really wasn't too impressed. You can get better for less elsewhere. Also had the pretzel bread with cheese fondue. Cheese was just luke warm but the bread was tasty. The noise level was kind of off putting. Free valet parking is available. There are some other restaurants at the same location but never could figure out where they actually were, are they just three different types of food at same place? Confusing. All in all food was average as was the staff and service. Probably won't return.
The Yard was a bit of an overwhelming experience for me.  We had reserved 'outdoor' seats at Little Cleo's, not realizing that outdoor actually means in the yard.  Being in the yard on a Saturday night is certainly one of those things you should be prepared for.  For the amount of money spent on our meal, it was disappointing that conversation was difficult over the roar of the crowd.  Very reminiscent of my college days, and spending time in a bar on Mill.  I could barely hear the server!   While waiting for our table (20 min wait with reservations) we sauntered over to the bar that services the yard and Culinary Dropout.  My husband's beer cost as much as my mojito.  It wasn't that the mojito was cheap, but the fact they charged a crazy amount for a beer.  It was almost 8 bucks.  The worst part, as others have said, is the parking.  Valet was full, so we had to park across the street in a shopping center and run across five lanes of traffic.   I will say that once I accepted that I wasn't going to be having a fine dining experience (though I certainly paid for it) I was able to just sit back and enjoy the people watching.  This place was fun for people watching.  There were bikers, ping-pongers, and that funny drunk guy who was laughing way too loud at his own jokes.  So, essentially the Yard provided dinner and a show.  The cover band playing at Culinary was a fun touch too.  All in all, I had fun.  That being said, I will probably never go back.
This place has a cool concept... happy hour was good.  A great variety of games to play. The food was pretty tasty too.  The only problem I had was the watered down fireball!  They charge seven bucks for a shot which is normal-overpriced but you don't even get what you're paying for.  Yes we noticed it guys... good try lol other than that it's a decent place to hangout.
For obvious reasons to the people who have been here, this is basically like an arcade for adults mixed in with food and alcohol. For the money, the food is not something I yearn for.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good burger or sandwich, but not when it's an 11 or 14 dollar burger. Alcohol shares the same "premium" price as the food. 

Also, for whatever reason they are not open very late (midnight on weekends, 10pm weekdays). This would really be a nice "after hours" spot. Albeit Fox RC goes against the grain. The place would have so much more to offer if they'd just stay open later and lower prices slightly.
Wow what a let down, concept so great service terrible! Food way over priced for your basic sandwiches and small plates. Went for my 30th birthday hoping to enjoy a new local joint, rudest staff in the valley. When I called in to make reservation I was told it's first come service in the Yard area, arrived at 6 on a Friday and was told I should have made reservation! Wound up waiting for an hour for a table and when my party size grew I was shunned by the manager and had to send friends away!!!!! Awful way to spend my birthday. Do yourself a favor skip this place just full of rude staff and hipsters not to mention the parking nightmares and $$$$$ went to a dive bar across the street and had a better time.
I tried - note: tried - to celebrate my birthday here. I had reservations and everything. Not once did anyone tell me my party had to be there all at once to be seated. The trouble is, & I told the person making my reservation, that I would be having approximately 40 people coming and going throughout the night so I can never say that my entire party would be there together. One manager tried to work with me, while the other manager came right behind him and undid the other guy's suggestions or solutions. It was my party and I cried, and not because I wanted to. It was awful. 

They split up the tables that we waiting for me with my name on the signs and gave it to a 6 top. They said that the couple of us that had already arrived could share a 4-top table. Really? Awe thanks that was so generous. Then they actually suggested we hover over people in the outdoor seating areas and when they leave - we swoop their seats. Man! Why didn't I think of that? I love being rude and all up in people's personal space. 

It was really unfortunate because I love Fox Restaurants but I have a very bitter taste in my mouth for this one ... 

It's such a cool concept. Too bad they don't have their shit together.
Another FOX Concepts eatery/drinkery. The sister of Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale; it's on the same level. Except I was surprised at the patio area; it's huge! Nice open space and warm fire pits all around. On a Thursday evening about 6:00pm there was about a 15 minute wait; so solve that by scrunching in at the bar. Yep. Crowded is good; and the bar was crowded too. I got a bit confused on the drink menu with the pricing of the wines. I ended up ordering a Pinot that was $15 for a glass thinking in my blonde mind that 15g meant the pour size ! Oops!! My boyfriend is a simple beer guy and loves the idea of the $2 beer in a bag concept. You order the beer in a bag and don't know what your getting : PBR;Hamms;Natty Ice ? Yeah don't think your getting a swanky craft brew in a bag! You can upgrade the bag with a shot , or a mini to go with. Same idea , you never know the beer nor the shot ! Yeah it's a cool idea, but I'll pass! Loved the charcuterie plate that you can build on your own with choices of cheeses, olives or artichokes and dried meats .. Whatever you like! The pretzel balls and fondue are always a 'must ' and these are exact to the CD in Scottsdale. Awesome service and ambience. Trendy and fun. Free valet too. Just be cautious of the drink menu, or psy attention , unlike me!
Huge fan.   Great (creative) food, great atmosphere, great scenery.  Throw some bags, or deliver punishment on the foosball table if you like. Also, I love a good microbrew / high gravity beer and The Yard has plenty of those to offer, but I also like a good cheap beer.    The Mystery Beer option is fun -- $2 gets you a random 12 oz can of beer in a brown paper bag.   You don't know what you're getting until it gets to your table.  

The server typically hangs around to see what you got, although that may be just for show.  Who cares when you can be 5 beers in and walk out of a trendy place like this with a $10 bar tab?  Further, the "Double Blind" gets you a mystery beer plus a mystery airplane bottle of booze for $6.  Hammer Down!  

Cheers!
Really fun place to go!  We go here a lot for Sunday brunches or just weekend day fun and drinking.  The outside area is huge and really fun.  Lots of games including bag toss, shuffle board, ping pong, and foosball. They have lots of TVs; if I wanted to have a game on in the background this would be a great place although I wouldn't really want to watch my team's games here just becasue of the noise/sound level of TV and sizes of the TV.  They have a few fire pits wtih comfy chairs and couches.  This is a great place for groups of friends and get togethers.  It would probably be good for after work events too.  The food is pretty dang good (its the Culinary Dropout if you have been to the one in old town Scottsdale).  I normally recommend and rave over the pretzel and fondue although the last few times it has been good but not quite as amazing (still worth trying).  I haven't ate at the seafood place that also is joined to it.
Love of my life. I can always count on this place for a great meal, great atmosphere, and the best service. I love every minute of being here.
Can't believe I haven't wrote a review for here yet! I love The Yard! I haven't had Little Cleo's yet but just in general the atmosphere is really great and the food at Culinary Dropout is always superb, plus I love not having to find parking.
Great spot. I wish there was a place like this in LA. It's super relaxed with good food and fun games.  The space itself is awesome... Like a covered tent, almost, with a trendy restaurant inside. We went on a Sunday, so I imagine that there are more people there at that time than any other day, but it'd be awesome if there were more ping pong tables and bean bag toss games. 

Our food was rocking too. Giant burgers, good wine, good beer. My friend got the brown bag special - $2.00 for a random canned beer. How fun is that!
This is the perfect spot for Sunday Fun-Day!  The food is great and once you are done eating, you can play bag toss, ping pong and foosball!  Room Service is my favorite drink there.  Their shrimp kale caesar salad is the only way I will ever eat kale.  The soft pretzels with cheese are awesome too!  There can be quite a long wait here and when it is busy, it is definitely loud.  Valet only and the happy hour menu is only available at the bar (not even at the tables around the bar).
My boyfriend is a creature of habit so I have been here several times-and am definitely not complaining about that! The Yard rocks. There's great drinks, salty bar apps, and actually delicious food (same menu as culinary dropout). You can also order special cheeses and other little samples, but we've only tried the cheeses once and felt they were superfluous to the meal. That said, the fried chicken we have both tried and it is to die for! Comes with a hot biscuit, mashed potatoes, and my mouth is watering just typing this! They say on the menu that the fried chicken takes longer but "is worth the wait" but honestly it doesn't take too long- or there is so much fun to be had here you won't notice! TVs galore for sports-lovers, and an outdoor area with ping-pong tables for sports-players! Pro tip: I would not recommend the "double blind" special, which consists of a mystery low-end beer and a shot. My boyfriend did this and while I cannot remember the price, he ended up getting a mediocre beer with a shot of Jim Beam maple that tasted like pure syrup! Of course, you might get luckier...

The bouncer gave me a bit of a hard time about my ID, but that's only because I look something like 5 years younger than my actual age.
Like a lot of other people, I have mixed feelings about this place. It's a very cool concept & I like it, but....... When it's busy, it's a bit of a nightmare. Finding parking if you don't valet is not fun & you run the real risk of your car being towed in a lot of the surrounding areas. The wait is often long, most of the comfortable open seating areas are in fact not open, but reserved. The bar is too small for the size of the place in my opinion too. It just feels like you have no where to really go while you are waiting for your table when it's busy. The food, Culinary Dropout, is good, but nothing spectacular. I like the cheese & pretzel fondue & house chips/dip for appetizers. The Gorgonzola Chicken salad is pretty good too. It's a fun place to hang out with friends when it's not crazy busy. I also like that it is close enough to my home that I can ride my bike there.
Will is awesome. Go to manager. :) a true example of customer service. Mr Fox Concepts would be proud :)
Pro's- fun, unique, good food.
Con's-HORRIBlE HORRIBLE parking, staff is really hit or miss as far as friendliness and being helpful. The bathroom is different.....
Good thing our sever is nice! The guy seating people at the front door is an Ass!!! Not that many people and all we asked was to sit outside. No need to be rude.
I like how comfortable the setting is here. It is another great spot for a relaxing sunday afternoon. Food was delicious and I like how there are many activities to keep everyone entertained.
I rarely write reviews, but this recent experience inspired me- FORCED ME, ACTUALLY. 

My wife and I frequently duck into this spot, usually around Happy Hour, as we wait for our 7yr old son to finish his karate lesson around the corner. 

It is almost always a pleasant experience, but then a couple weeks ago we had an episode that seemed doomed to be 1 of those "YOU-WISH-YOU WOULD-HAVE-STAYED-IN-AND-EATEN TOP-RAMEN" types of nights...

Our dinner began with us ordering a beverage item from the menu, only to have our "server" return some time later to tell us they didn't have it, and she made zero attempt to hide her irritation with US, as if we had somehow known. THIS HAPPENED 4 TIMES IN A ROW-so that after 30 minutes, we still had not been able to successfully place a drink order. We felt like we were pretty good sports in the beginning, but unfortunately our server had at this point decided we were not worth the hassle- so now we were becoming quite irked ourselves. Her new strategy was to suggest to us that we had possibly  had too much to drink, even though despite our valiant efforts we couldn't get a drink to save our lives.

At this point she not only asserted we may be intoxicated, but on top of that SHE KEPT TOUCHING ME- an unwelcome arm around my neck, a firm hand on my chest,  patting my hand, etc. While my wife was very patient with this blatant violation of my personal space, I was much less understanding- I knew my wife didn't care for it,  and I personally found it offensive. I politely  corrected the intrusion the 1st 2X, but after the 3rd, I found myself stating firmly "FOR  THE 3RD TIME, STOP TOUCHING ME".

While I remember her name, and am tempted to share it, I am choosing not to   because of what happened next with the manager, whose name I WILL mention. 

Upon my adamant  demand for the touching to stop, our server literally ran away to find a manger, whom she brought over to remove us. After listening to her creative historical revision, the manager-  gentleman named "MIKEL BOSS", then gave us the opportunity to civilly describe what had at that point been a very uncivil disaster.

Shockingly to us, he somehow was able to properly recognize we were telling the truth. He was professional, apologetic and hospitable- frankly his last name "BOSS" could not  have been more fitting. He offered to accommodate us inn several ways, all of which we politely refused- we weren't trying to get free food or drinks, and all we really wanted was to try and spend our last few minutes there in peace, but we knew we did not intend to return.

He somehow sensed this, gave us his card, and went out of his way to make us feel like a return trip would be 1 where we could all wipe the slate clean.

The reason this was so impressive, and the reason I am writing this, is because sometimes "life" happens. Maybe the gal was having a bad day, or maybe the table before us had already ruined her shift. Who knows? Maybe a lot of things.

 Sometimes a dinner starts off like a nightmare, sometimes a server draws a tough table, sometimes a couple draws a tough server. Sometimes "life" happens when you least expect it

What impressed us the most was the commitment to excellence he showed-  there were a dozen different, easier ways out for him, but he didn't take the easy way.
The point is that its not a huge surprise when things go wrong- it would be more of a surprise if they never did. Good service is not ensuring that something never goes wrong, because that's an unrealistic expectation. The question is, once an experience has gone sideways, will someone go out of their way to correct it? He certainly did. While we appreciated that the end of our service was handled by someone else, we still tipped the original server 30% on the tab- partially because we understand a tip is a bigger reflection of the customer than of the service, and partially because we don't know everything she may have been going through. 

As for the manger, in all truth we do not know him and had never seen him before. Even though this reads like a personal shout-out from a friend, IT IS NOT- he is a stranger. He just  happened to be a stranger who treated us like friends, and because of THAT, because of "Mr. Boss", WE WILL CONFIDENTLY RETURN AGAIN.
I really want to like this place since it is within walking distance of my house.  We've had problems every time that we've went.  We've been five times, but walked away twice due to the wait.

During out last visit, we went for happy hour at 4PM on a Sunday.  Unfortunately they seated us on the wrong side where happy hour isn't available (?!?).  There is two different restaurants in the same space with different seating rules and menus, but this isn't immediately clear ... and happy hour is only available in certain areas?  By the time we found someone who was able to explain this to us, the few high tops where we could get 'happy hour menu' were taken.

Service has been consistently slow for all three visits, even though the place wasn't packed.  Slow for drinks, slow for food.  

On our last visit, it took ~20 minutes to get iced tea after being seated.  We ordered two burgers and a salad.  When the food finally arrived 25-30 minutes later, one of the burgers was undercooked and the fries were completely cold.  It took another 10 minutes to wave down our waitress, who took the order back.  A manager got involved with the situation, but our guest didn't get their burger and fries until well after we were done.

On a final note, this place isn't cheap.  For example, $6 for a pint of Moose Drool and $7 for a pint of Guinness.  If you aren't sitting in the right section during happy hour, the tab can get expensive very fast.
Food was not great. Service was poor. Atmosphere was the only good thing about this place.
I REALLY wanted to love this place..really. In their defense, the patio is super cool- although very noisy and it wasn't full. Plenty of seating between couches and tables..love that part. The food was very disappointing. The service wasn't great either. We overlooked the fact that our server got the drink order wrong..arrived with ice instead of straight up..martini didn't just have a " light splash" of olive juice but was down right dirty. Ok, no problem. The burrata appetizer that the server talked up was lacking in the complex flavor that the menu promised. Still ok, looking forward to entree. I had the trout with a side of French fries to satisfy my rarely indulged carb craving. The fries were so soggy I sent them back and the trout was swimming in butter. My sweetie also threw caution to the wind, ordering fried chicken ( the menu said it would be worth the wait). It was so over cooked- very dark brown and the meat so dry it wasn't all edible. Our server disappeared often, had to be asked 3x for a black napkin and forks..and we were pressed for time because of theatre tickets so didn't wait for a second shot at the chicken. Don't want to be a hater but I'd return if all I wanted was a drink..like a beer or glass of wine but I wouldn't go there hungry. Burgers looked decent but I noticed the table next to us..8 sandwich and burger people and a lot of food went back :(
I could have sworn I wrote a review already...since I've been 3 times now.  

After those three visits, I can sum up my review like this:

- The pretzel fondue app is the bee's knees.  And so is there Bacon Bloody Mary!  

- The fried chicken is definitely worth a try.

- It's way too loud inside the Culinary Dropout portion.

- The Yard (outdoor area) is where it's at since it's not as loud and because it's a neat little space.

- The service is shotty.  Each time I've been, the waitress/waiter has trouble hearing us and vice versa.  Or, it's hard to even get the person's attention because it is so packed.

- The parking situation is less than ideal.  But if you can't make it in the free valet parking, you can park across the street and jaywalk across.  

-  I much prefer Arrogant Butcher.
It made a lot of sense that this place only has 3 stars even though it's pretty popular. Here right now with a very large party. They definitely had a table that we requested that would comfortably accommodate all of us. However, that request was blatantly ignored. Once we took it upon ourselves, we were scolded by our waiter? Now, I really want you to keep in mind I am completely sober due to a medication I'm taking. If it weren't for a dear friends birthday, I would not step foot in this place. The food is actually pretty good and they have some interesting drinks. The portions are very small and overpriced. Now, because of the inconsiderate staff, some of our more emotional party members are getting their feelings hurt by half the party having to sit elsewhere. Culinary dropout, I am disappointed in you just like your teachers and parents were. Grow up already.
Complimentary valet but get there early. Great craft beer selection as well as creative cocktail menu. Ping pong and corn-toss my favorites. Bar staff has been great every time we've been in. Appetizers are all awesome, pretty good burgers too.
Your experience at The Yard depends completely on when you go. I enjoy going here for lunch and they have excellent food. I really do not like going from Happy Hour on.  Their parking turns into valet only, which is a problem when you are not in the habit of carrying cash. And it gets really busy! So, I would avoid evenings, especially on the weekends, if you don't want to go when it is crazy busy, hard to find parking, and really loud. Other times, it is great.  They have a ton of space with both indoor and outdoor spaces. They also have various games, such as cornhole, which is a lot of fun. Time it right and you will have a great time!
Had a great time there with a group of  four people. It really is so flexible for all size groups. We just hung out and tossed beanbags and had a few drinks, which was nice. No pressure to have a meal, you can just stop in and play for a bit and take in the scene. 

The only thing to watch for the super drunk people who stay too long at happy hour, they can get quite annoying. Also, the parking situation is a bit hairy.
I haven't been there on a weekend night yet.  I haven't heard too many good things from friends when it's crowded.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and sat outside because the weather was amazing!!! Everything was really pleasant.  I got their spin on the margarita....ok I had 3. I obviously loved it.  My friend and I got the pretzel appetizer.  Pretzels were super soft and chewy. Mmmmmm.  Husband showed up and got ahi salad and seemed to enjoy it judging by the licked clean plate. 
I will be back!! Hopefully have enough peeps to play some games!
I CANNOT believe this place only has 3 stars!!!  My husband and I LOVE this place.  It is casual, fun, flexible.  We have gone for date night if we are feeling spunky, we've happy houred with friends, we've brought out of towners straight from the airport for drinks and the yard games, we've celebrated a friend's birthday in the couch area with drinks and apps.  The possibilities are ENDLESS!  The only negatives - expect to valet (it's complimentary, you just tip) and the service can be slow in the bar area - but you are right next to the bar and they've never had an issue with us just walking up and asking for more drinks or apps or whatever.  The food is bomb.  Pretzel fondue, fried chicken, fish and chips, turkey pastrami sandwich, and all the antipasti.  Drinks are yum too - Banjo Strum, Bells and Whistles, After School Special, and don't forget the brown bag special (where they just put whatever canned beer in a brown bag and bring it out - usually if you are nice the waiter will give you a hint if it's worth your while) and the mystery tap.

They have live music on weekend nights - which is SUPER loud - but SUPER fun if you are looking to get pumped up.  Yard games are always a hit and the supplies come in a cute tackle box; presentation is everything right?!

Another plus - the bathrooms!  They are kind of crazy!  They have two separate doors for Women and Men, but share the same sink area, which is decorated with full length mirrors and Ball Jars for soap dispensers!
My first time here was on a Saturday night and it was PACKED! We (4 of us) waited for an hour for a table which wasn't too bad as we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited. It did take quite a long time to get a bartenders attention just to order this drink but eh... To be expected. Once we were seated it didn't take long to get drinks and put in our order.  We had the pretzel bites with provolone fondue and they were decadent and marvelous. Mmm. I ordered the kale sweet potato salad w goat cheese. It had a sprinkle of pomegranate tendrils and a delicious dressing. I devoured it. My friends ordered the fried chicken, butternut squash tortellini, and a burger.  Everyone enjoyed their meals without complaint. My only negative would be that the table we were seated at was a bench on one side and chairs on the other, another table was close to ours which wasn't too bad until a man decided to join that table (sitting on the bench between us) and kept using our table as his arm rest! As we were eating dinner! How rude! But that's not The Yards fault. That's some rude hipster dude that had no respect for the people around him.
I would have liked the opportunity to actually eat here. But unfortunately, we showed up tonight and were quoted a 30-50 minute wait, which is understandable given that it's a Saturday night and the place is clearly popular. We had a beer and watched the fun happening in the yard, things were fine. Then 50 minutes passed, and then 60 minutes passed and then 70 minutes passed. I think it's incredibly important to give your guests an honest and realistic idea of how long it's going to take to get a table, otherwise you're setting yourself up for angry customers. We left hungry after 75 minutes and a crappy beer. It's a real shame, this place has potential.

Edit: Its been a week and no one has contacted me, despite what the note below from the yard says. I'm still waiting for the text message that my table is ready...
Anyone who have this place more than 1 star was obviously drunk and not remembering accurate information.
One, good luck parking. The parking is so shitty they have a complimentary valet. Unless you get there at 7:15 apparently and their lots are full so you drive around with everyone else looking for a spot and dodge the police cars waiting for you to park in a no parking residential.
After parking roughly a marathon away, we made it inside.. The place looks super fun, right? Games, young crowd.. Snazzy! Unless you want a drink or to eat something. I met with my SEATED party and waited for our server.. Waited and waited and waited.. Until my fiancé went to the bar and stood in line forever and game back with $10.29 worth of a plastic cup or vodka redbull.. Ummmmmm! Nice! So, one we found out we had a waitress, about 30 minutes into having sat down, we asked for a menu.. 19 minutes later (yes, I time wait staff when I think I'm going to need to complain), she came back with our tables drinks and asked what we had "we asked for a menu so we could eat.." Fail.. She came back 14 minutes later and I caught her attention (still no menu), but we had looked online at the menu and gave her our order that way.. And asked for water.. She took my card to start a tab and my food arrived in 20 minutes. I was shocked! But then again, our actual waitress hadn't dropped off the food.. So we had nothing to drink still.. Another 8 minutes passed and I'm almost done with my meal when she walks by and I asked her for the water we ordered.. Ugh!! It wouldn't have been SOOO annoying if she was running around dropping drinks here and there and just busy. The problem was that she said she was busy, but came back to take drink orders while never having anything we asked from her. Why are you taking MORE orders when you cannot even the deliver on the simple requests?! You don't need a bartender to hand you a menu.. Anyway, oops off topic..
When I asked her to run my card and end this terrible night, she came back with my receipt and no card. I asked where my card was and she said she already gave it back to me.. Noooooo.. She said "I always return them once I swipe them and I gave it back to you" I replied with "How could you have given it back to me when I haven't even SEEN you all night?!?" She went to look for it and would you have guessed she had it and asked me if I was Connie or Jamie.. I should have taken the other persons card and went to the manager to complain that they just hand your card back to strangers.. But alas, I was tired and annoyed and after that I couldn't even give her a pity tip.. DONE!!! 
In short (haha), this could be a BADASS place, but the service is SOOO shitty you had better show up already drunk in order to not care that you're being treated like shit.. 
Also, when I checked in and made a comment about service, all of my friends also had a personal horror story.. So sad.. Such a waste of a cool idea!!!
This place is a complete hit or miss in my opinion. I've eaten here about 5 times now, so I feel I can give an honest opinion of this place. First, let's get some of the obvious cons out of the way. Parking is awful. After the first two times here, I've completely given up on parking my own car, and have resigned myself to the Valet (Which is Complimentary, but who are we kidding, you don't not tip valet). And the seating situation is awkward at best. The space is so open, that you're constantly accidentally catching other peoples eyes, and the lack of walls makes it so you can barely hear your neighbor sitting next to you! Now, on to the more complex issues. The Wait staff is a big issue in my opinion. Of the 5 times I've been there, I've only once had a waiter I felt did an adequate job. They are not good with refills (You pretty much have to ask every time you want another drink), and are weirdly...flirty. Some of the waiters rather openly flirt with customers, which can make for uncomfortable silence at a table as you awkwardly try and avoid watching the sad attempts at getting a better tip taking place in front of you. The staff is also invasive. I get that not everyone wants a silent waiter who only pops up to refill drinks, but I think most people can agree it's weird when your waiter jumps into the middle of a conversation you're having with your table, and try's to put in their opinion. There was one instance where one of the female waiters actually sat down at our table and tried to have a conversation with us.... Again on the wait staff, YOU DON'T KNOW WHICH ONE IS YOURS! You'll have 4 waiters ask if you've had your order taken, 3 that (Finally) deliver it, and at the end of the night the waiter that brings you your check wont even be the original waiter you had at the start of the meal! The Food, I will say, is good. I haven't had anything there where I've thought "Wow, this is gross", and I do love their cheese fondue appetizer. Overall, I think most of this places issues come from it's lack of training, and lack of professionalism from the staff. If that one thing could be improved on, I think I could ignore the lack of privacy, and mandatory Valet parking.
Came on a Tuesday night. Relatively quiet night. Was surprised at the crowd when we first arrived, but does down. We just had drinks and desert. We did have to wait way too long for a server, and ended up just going to the bar to get our own drinks. 

It's a nice little place. Nothing amazing. I'm not a child, so games don't really excite me. The couches were terribly uncomfortable. Once we had a waitress, she was very nice.
I so badly want to love this place ... The concept of having a restaurant and gaming area inclusive, being a supporter of bicycles, and literally RIGHT around the corner from my residence sounds like the perfect neighborhood bar! 

However, I am disappointed in the service every time I go. Watching paint dry is a faster process than ordering a cocktail, and the bartenders seem more interested in each other than the customers. I loved the cocktail named "Room service" but I only had time to order one before my bill came at midnight; I showed up at 1030 ... Then, I was charged for 2 drinks on my tab!!! I'm not sure what their hiring standards are, but I've gone to the Yard different times of the day and have been utterly disappointed in the service Every.Single.Time. It really is quite a shame ... If they are going for a hipster version of "Dicks" where they treat everyone like crap as part of the experience, then I wish I would at least get a paper-made hat with a clever saying on it!
Wish we had a place like this in San Diego.  We went on Sunday afternoon and got very good service and food.  While we waited for the food I got to play ping-pong with my son.  The salads were pretty good, burgers look good and the rib dip sandwich that I got was excellent.  The place is so big that I can understand why when it is very crowded service can be slow.  However, just watching all of the nice people and waitresses should make it worth the wait.  The place is very cool with a lot of attention to detail on everything from the sofas to the bathrooms.  Fox Restaurant Concepts really knows how to create beautiful restaurants.
Oh goodness, where to begin?

40 minute wait for outdoor seating. 

Dried food. The chicken literally had a helmet shell. My friend couldn't cut into it. My chicken was also dry. The flavors really are all wrong. 

The only redeeming quality is that the staff is uber nice. So, I would say just fix up the kitchen, or go here if all you want is a wide selection of beer.
Not. Good. The service was inadequate at best and offensively patronizing at worst. Not only did the bartender not know his product, his entire demeanor was condescending and dismissive. We asked how the pilsner was, and being in the industry expected a professional opinion. Instead we were told 'we'll, it's a pilsner, it's just like coors light'. We ignored the bad opinions and reviews of the place, hoping to find something different and the decor was wonderful. It's a great space ruined by poor staff and bad attitude.
I came here to celebrate my birthday (party of 15). When I made the reservation I was told they only have two times of the day and they were inside ( 11am and 6pm). I was not that crazy about being inside, as all the action is in the yard. I made the reservation and soon after we arrived on Sat evening Will advised he could move our entire party outside..woohoo! That made my day! From there on out the rest of the evening was great! The food, drinks and the service was great and we look forward to returning again!
This was the perfect place to celebrate my birthday with a group of friends!  We sat outside and were able to move around and visit.  The atmosphere is fun and the food and drinks are great.  Brittany was a fantastic server!!
Once your inside this is really a fun place! I say this because it's kind of a pain turning in here off of 7th if your heading north, and of course they only have valet. 

Unfortunately, I didn't try any of the food here. I say "unfortunately" because 1) I guess this place is basically Culinary Dropout, which I've never had food from, but I hear is really good! 2) The night I came here was the first time I was drinking in over 5 months (well...drinking more than a single beer, which I had two nights before), so food would have been good. 

This place is huge! The patio is ginormous, and it's a really cool atmosphere. There's tables, couches, fire pits, games, and even a little beer tent, which I took advantage of. It's not that our server was slow (she was just fine). It was just really convenient to walk over to the beer tent and easily get a beer when you want one. Also, this place has a really good beer selection! 

Yes, this place gets crowded (we where here on a Friday), but it's still really fun, and I would totally come back again.
Great concept, we could use something like this in Houston.  Two restaurants with a shared common outdoor recreational space...an adult playground!
I have a love/hate relationship with this place... 

Love: 
1. Drinking + Games = Yes please! 
2. Grilled Cheese sliders :)
3. Happy Hour

Hate: 
1. Getting a table takes an act of God
2. Getting a drink without a table... even worse 
3. No parking.  Valet is pretty much your only option, if its not full... then you're SOL.  

My advice, get there early (Like before 2PM) and stake your claim at a table near the games.  Its the only way to truly enjoy the Yard.
Worst place ever. 6:30pm I tell them party of 15. It is now 8:36....well you have too many people. After 5 people left they could seat us. Don't tell us 7:30pm when you can't sit anyone. The manager is an asshole also. I spoke to him 2 days before coming here and now I'm here and they kept sitting either people before us. Hister fucks here. I use to love this place. Now it's shit. Learn how to run your place instead of sitting everyone else ahead because you dont have 15 seats.
We had dinner three weeks ago, food was good and good portions.  We were able to plat gages and kept our self entertained
This is my kind of place and I plan on coming here frequently!  In fairness, I came on a Monday night, so I still can't say whether the crowd would be too overwhelming or what the service would be like when busy.  I love the menu options (I like to eat the variety of steamed/grilled veggies with some meats and cheeses - perfect!); drinks were good. The service was somewhat slow, but not like I expected after reading reviews.  The staff was very friendly, however, they will NOT make eye contact unless they are going to serve you.  I think that is their way of avoiding having to deal with you until they're ready.  It would come off as far greater service if they simply looked at you, smiled, and held up a finger in a gesture of "1 minute", or actually said "I'll be right with you shortly".  That's all it would have taken to make this experience better.  Very cool vibe, good music, cool people, and the games are awesome!  A great concept!
In all, I was just whelmed. The food was underwhelming and the ambiance was somewhat overwhelming but fun. I had one of their hamburgers and it was meh. The parking was terrible, there is literally no choice but to valet but at least that made it easy. I liked the outdoor seating and the brown bag beer special is fun. I'd go back if someone else chose it but I'm probably unlikely to choose it myself.

I give it four stars because its a fun concept but I just had higher (much higher) hopes for what it could be.
Obsessssed with this place now!!  Can't believe I'd never made it out here until yesterday when I went with a friend!  When we arrived there was a line of cars waiting to valet and the parking lot was full so I was worried it was going to be overcrowded inside and crazy busy.  Much to my surprise, although there were a lot of people inside, the layout is so open and gigantic that it didn't feel like it!  The servers were all SUPER friendly and not in a fake way, they're just really good at their jobs.

Food and drinks did take a little while to arrive but that was to be expected when a place has as many people as The Yard did.The atmosphere of the place is awesome too, just really a chill, fun place to come with friends and hang out.  Can't wait for the next time we go back!
Good place to grab a drink for the younger crowd.  The service was the worst that I have experienced in a long while.  We ate at Lolas.  The food was horrible, the waiter was abrubt and inept, the manager did not seem to have s clue about what was happening in the restaurant.....so many better places to eat.
3.5 stars.

Hh menu is culinary dropout's menu which I like. The atmosphere is a very laid back atmosphere and a great hang out spot! It was lot cuter than I thought. Based on the description of having ping pong and other games, I thought it was going to be grungier but that was not the case!
This place is insaaaaane on weekends. Jesus. Either make a reservation or show up at a decent hour if you'd like to sit down at some point. 

Its a little more on the expensive side. Don't expect a cheap night here. 

I ordered the pretzels and fondue for the table and that was well worth it. Almost too much for a party of 6. Skip out on the artichoke hearts. 

Overall, this place is entirely packed to the brim with people on the weekends; it gets unbearable at times. But it's a good spot if you're looking for madness to jump start your night. 

Our service was fast, efficient, and friendly. One of our dishes got sent to another table at which point the manager comped a meal and gave us a free round of drinks. 

Parking is a B. I had to park at Armstrong McCalls. 

Come prepared, everyone. It's a party.
The yard has a fun atmosphere with an open concept. It was a bit overwhelming at first, but once you sit down and have time to adjust and look around, there's a lot fun to be had.

We stopped in for a quick bite and a quick beer, so my quick review is exactly that. But it was enough for me to want to come back for dinner and try my hand at the bags court!
We had dinner three weeks ago, food was good and good portions.  We were able to plat gages and kept our self entertained
At first glance, walking inside of The Yard is enchanting. The outdoor game area is unique and we had a lot of fun playing games together this afternoon. 

However, I was not at all impressed with how management handles their restaurant. Our server was amazing, but everybody else we dealt with today was rude/aloof (possibly racist?:-( ). If I'm paying premium prices for fish and chips, I expect friendly service from ALL staff and management. Instead of accommodating a large birthday party (of which they were aware would be present well in advance), we were placed in awkward seating arrangements and scolded by management for moving tables to allow more people to sit together. No suggestions or accommodations were offered, we had to advocate for different seating that would be more suitable for our needs in an *empty* restaurant. If the restaurant had been even remotely busy, I could understand why this might be an issue, but the place was practically deserted. What makes me use the "R" word is the fact that another party who had booked in advance had what seemed like very different treatment. Overall the feeling I have about The Yard can be summed up in one word: icky. I get a pit in my stomach thinking about my experience there.  

I expected much, much more from a Fox concept, having been to many of their other restaurants including the sadly defunct Bloom in the Phoenix area. The Yard is not a place I would go back to of my own volition. Dial down the self-importance, align the overall quality of your service to the prices on your menu, and treat all your customers equally. I won't be back unless refusing makes for a socially awkward situation...and then I'm ordering the cheapest thing on the menu and drinking water.
Fun...great service and great food...One of Phoenix's most unique and fun dining destinations.
The fondue with pretzels is amazing! Had the grilled cheese sliders, they are crunchy and tasty :) my new favorite place :)
I am in love with The Yard! When we have a fun guest in town, this has just become our 'go to' place to take them! This particular night was an old fraternity brother from my boyfriends college days. What's better than taking him to The Yard for some good loud fun and a beer in a bag and good bites too. Heck, if he is really feeling like getting nostalgic, there are even bags to play out in .. well, what else, the 'yard', or the big vast patio, where we always opt to sit. We always Uber it here because the drinks are strong and well, drink accordingly, if you plan to drink. I don't much these days, but I still may and this is the place to try out some of your 'vices'. Know that you will likely wait. We have no issues bellying up to the bar. The staff is always friendly and the most we have ever waited is about 35 minutes. It's a great time to socialize and talk. My boyfriend and his frat brother opted for the beer in the bag special, $2, let them relive their college memories for at least a good ten minutes! I stuck with my water and lemon for now because I wanted to have one 'vice' for the evening and sleep well! We have our favorites now at The Yard. We always get the fondue and pretzel balls. If you haven't; you must. I love the deviled eggs too, but not everyone does. So this time we got the house potato chips with the TO die for french onion dip. I had personally not had this app before and it was good; fattening beyond words, when you add the pretzels and fondue, but worth it! NOW I decided I needed a drink. I decided to get out of my wine comfort zone and have a real cocktail. I ordered a mule type of drink called a, Ginger and Mary Ann. A concoction I loved a little too much of Stoli vodka, fruited smash, lime squeeze, and topped with ginger beer. Yum. Yum. But, one is enough. I had the shaved prime rib and a side salad for dinner; heavenly. The prime rib is done just right at medium rare and I am so picky about this, I always ask! I left with half to eat the next day. Must have been those heavenly pretzels, I can't get enough of! I love the vibe and energy of The Yard and it has fast become one of my favorite places in Phoenix. Our friend was a fan too and we were able to put him on his plane back to North Carolina with a full belly and a fun time in the books!
The yard is a great happy hour spot! They've got the right drinks and small plates at the right prices. The meatloaf sandwich is a must try! We sat at the bar, which was really busy, but service was great! 

It's a fun-feeling restaurant. You can see people playing games, and there is lots of open space.
Had heard great things about this place from a few people. I was excited to check it out. Atmosphere was awesome with a lot to keep you occupied. Service at the bar was ok, but encountered many rude employees (mainly the servers). Drinks were way overpriced. It has a big "hipster" vibe. Not my scene. Maybe if the service was better I would have given more stars. Its all about service to me, if I'm gonna be paying 9 bucks for a drink I had better be treated better.
Staff is unfriendly and rude.  It made the entire experience extremely unpleasant.  One of the waitresses walked up to our group and told us we were "suffocating" the tables around us.  We were in shock with how rude the staff treated us and their other customers.  Also note that you have no choice but to park through their complimentary valet.  Further note that if you order something just before happy hour ends at 6 p.m. on Friday, you may not get the happy hour price.  I will not go back.
Drinks are amazing at this place... This place totally has potential to be a 5 star however, service isn't too great... I made a reservation in the picnic area for my husbands birthday initially but somehow  they lost that reservation and allowed our party of 20 to move inside.., I was told we were going to sit together but we were highly disappointed when we were seated at our awkward back to back tables. A couple of friends ordered 2 beers and when they ordered their 3rd, the waitress made them drink water before serving him his 3rd... I had never heard of such a rule. When he confronted her about it, the server went ahead and told my guest that he was a  douche (NOT COOL). Other than the terrible service, we were impressed by the food and drinks, the ambiance is amazing and it is a great place to have a good time with good people!
Damn you! I've been disappointed for the last time. Please don't invite me to the yard. Because I'm likely to turn you down. The only good thing about my last few visits has been the company and the cocktails. My kid really likes the yard, but only because of the ping pong tables. He doesn't really eat. Not that the food sucks or anything but the service is terrible and the wait for a table is always atrocious. By the time we get seated and someone finally comes to take our order I'm usually ready to go. I'm grumpy now just thinking about it. Bah. Humbug.
Good ambiance, great beer, amazing customer service ...sadly bad food. If you're looking for a nice fancy place to have drinks and hang out this is the place to visit but the food was cold and bland. Ordered the chicken and fish, the chicken was cold and the fish was bland and way too oily. 

Definitely try out the beer paddles... worth a visit!
Beertown Public House is the latest addition of the newer concept public houses and modern bars in the Waterloo region. Located at Waterloo Town Square in Uptown Waterloo, the centralized location is definitely a plus for both locals and university students.  

Like the previous reviewer, I find Beertown to be great for their beer selection and atmosphere. However, the food is mediocre at best. 

The beer selection is quite excellent. On each table, you can find a beer bible listing Beertown's complete selection. For me, the inclusion of a beer bible is reminiscent of the Bier Markt chain in Toronto and Pub Italia in Ottawa. That being said, the selection that is offered, (wheat, lambics, pilsner, ales, lagers, IPAs, etc.) can satisfy almost any palate. 

Plus, if you are indecisive, there are beer paddles, which is pretty much a sample of 4 beers, available.  

Keep in mind that there are no dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday nights. If you decide to go, the wait could range from half an hour to an hour.

All in all - a great place to visit to have a drink with a group. Not so much for food.
I really like this place, as I'd hoped I would. The service at dinner one night was great. An error was made in my order and an allergen was added to my tacos; the waiter not only apologized and got it out of there quickly, but the manager returned five minutes later with a replacement dish on the house. Perfectly handled. 

Lunch specials are quite good. My companion really enjoyed her wrap and sweet potato fries, and I ate every last bite of my skirt steak salad. It was a splurge for lunch, but it was delicious and came fully loaded. Lunchtime service is quick and efficient.

No, the food is not *the best* in town but the beer menu and location make it perfect for uptown worker bees. Give it a shot with your coworkers and enjoy a paddle (or three).
I finally got to visit Beertown after months of trying! I went for lunch with some girlfriends and was very happy with the meal. We went around 1pm - so the restaurant was steady but not full. Our food came out quickly and the service was great. I had the turkey club sandwich and it was very tasty! We will return again!
Good beer selection and ambiance but food was so-so. I would suggest sticking to the apps and avoiding the mains. Poor variety and options for people who don't eat pork or beef.
Beertown had so much hype and promise going into its opening year with an amazing location and the promise of great food and beer. Unfortunately only two of these have delivered the beer and the location. I've been to this restaurant many times now and every time the experience has been substandard. Of the 5 times I've eaten here only once has my tables food been prepared and delivered properly without us having to send food back or having our server let us know that there was some sort of mix up with our food after being a bite in. Simply put it's just horrible food. The worst caesar salad I've ever had in my life came from this restaurant, and that's something that's pretty hard to mess up. Besides horrible food the menu itself is lacking in anything that's actually appealing, making choosing a meal a difficult. 

As for the rest of the restaurant the interior is beautiful with a very trendy and modern design and nice features although it can be a little dark inside. The restaurant also features a great patio right on Waterloo town square which is a sure thing in the summer. The interior is rather loud for the size of restaurant so make sure you bring your hearing aid if you plan on having a conversation with your friends. 

Now for the crown jewel of this restaurant from which it takes its namesake, the beer! The beer selection is fantastic! Make sure you take advantage of the beer paddles which allow you to sample four different beers at once. They keep a wide selection on tap although much of it is safer than I hoped for a restaurant that prides itself on a unique beer experience. They also feature a VERY wide selection of beer in bottle format.

I really want to rate this restaurant better given its trendy atmosphere and great selection of beer but the inconsistent service and horrible food won't allow me. Come here for a drink with your mates, not a bite to eat.
Such a disappointment! I've been there a few times now and keep hoping for something amazing, only to be sorely disappointed. The smoked brisket quesadilla was too overpowered by the horseradish sour cream. The beer garden salad tasted like a grocery store pre-made salad and not the quality I would expect from the Charcoal group. The poutine was yummy and large enough to share between a few people. I loved the sweet and light beer sampler but the tour of beer had a couple of beers that tasted pretty similar to one another and wasn't what I would hope for from a sampler. This place is often busy but I'm not sure if that's a reflection of the quality or just the lack of good options in Uptown.
It's new, it's clean, it's in a nice area uptown. Great beer selection. Just a bit pricey but some of these you will not find on tap anywhere else in Waterloo.  I should note that this is the second iteration if this restaurant/bar from the charcoal group (look them up). 

The food is hit or miss. I really enjoyed the fish tacos but as other reviews point out, the salad can be off. The burger I had was so so. 

It's safe to say that they don't hire most of their staff based on experience since it's mostly bad. This is unlike the Bauer kitchen, which has better service. It's a newer restaurant so that may improve eventually.

That being said. If you want to have a nice meal, there are better options. If you want to get drunk, go there if you can afford it. If you want to enjoy a couple beers on a patio or take a girl out on a causal date then this is a very good option. Just beware that it gets busy so plan ahead.
I came on a Wednesday night and was surprised at how busy it was, however the level of service we received was great and the food came out quickly. This place has a great chill atmosphere and I actually thought the food was pretty good! I got the fish tacos which was loaded up with tons of veggies and also the beergarden salad (which btw has a very yummy dressing). My friend got the fish and chips which was a decent portion and tasted pretty good too. 

I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes and I would also like to try the beer samplers!
The selection of beer they have is amazing, but when you get the paddle that comes with 4 beers, they should make sure at least 3 will be good beers. There food is alright. nothing amazing and is a little overpriced.
Definitely get a paddle. That's the coolest part about Beertown. You can try four new beers that you might not have even heard of before. Each paddle glass is also small enough so if you don't like one, you're not stuck with a whole pint. Be adventurous!
Aside from the paddles, they also have a very large selection of beer on tap (as you'd expect from the restaurant's name). Don't ask the waiter or waitress what they have on tap ;)
Went here to waterloo for a recruiting trip. it was one of those -30 days where I could only venture to the closest place without risking severe frost bite!

Had the tacos and the beer was great, it was a Monday so the place wasn't particularly packed. 

The wait staff was really cool though, our waitress constantly would come by and chat with us, I think she though it was pretty cool our group came all the way from San Francisco.  

Good selection of beer too, probably a place I'd go once in a while if I were a waterloo student.
Always so full ! Had to wait for 45mins. And we came here twice before but the wait was more than an hour so we decided not to wait... 
Pub feeling , many tv and loud !need to yell to my friends, but was okay , it was a pub ! 
The starters were very good, unfortunately they were gone before I got a chance to take a picture . We had sweet potato fries, very good, can't go wrong with that ! The dipping sauce was special, creamy !  We also had tuna salad to share as well, also very very good ! Highly recommended! 

I had the sampler, apple cider and the strawberry fuili ( I think ) were good, can get those from lcbo as well. The other two were not that good, one was bitter and I forgot the names... 

I had the pork belly pouting for my main, it was very good!

My bf had the prime rib or steak like dish.... The meat was dry and taste-less... He didn't want the goat cheese side so switch to fries instead.... But still the dish was a put down 

My other friend had half ribs and she said it was pretty good.

Overall, very good surroundings and hot waitresses !!!   But food is a bit pricy , four of us ate around $160? But we were really really full and I had my poutine packed up !
In for lunch with my Father in law.  He had a burger I had the Mac and cheese. Mine was cold he asked for no lettuce and of course got some anyway. We had a beer each, $50.   Two stars because they have Leffe on tap, nothing else particularly redeeming.
Very much a sports bar. From my vantage point, there were 17 screens I could see that were broadcasting a range of hockey and baseball. 

We stopped in after dinner, so we didn't order any food. The beer selection was good, the service prompt. Nothing really stood out, hence the three-star rating. It was also basically across the street from our hotel.

The good: fast service.
The bad: too much stimulus from all the tvs ever.
if you get dessert, make sure you get the bread pudding. It is delicious, warm, and moist. Be sure to try it. 

Appetizers are great but the entrees are okay
Nosh just opened in our neighborhood over the new year. We checked it out tonight. Sweet waitress informed us that "Nosh" is Scandinavian for "small plates". Husband and son were perplexed as "Scandinavian" is not a language. I was perplexed as I believe "nosh" is a Yiddish word....anyway...We ordered a couple of pizzettes, the Elk Obucco, and the bruschetta. The bruschetta order is far too tiny for the $9 price tag. Vintage 95 version is 3 times larger for just $3 more. Food was tasty overall, but just a little strange. Not sure what the concept is about. Wild boar and Elk--seem like odd choices for a neighborhood bar. People ordering seemed confused when told to expect really small portions. Decor is nice, but there is a strange odor--may just be newness of place and recent construction? Also, tables are too close together to fit patrons comfortably. We have been dying for a high quality fun place to frequent. I hope Nosh can find its groove. We are rooting for you.
Last night my friends and I went into Nosh for my buddies birthday. We live in the area and had seen it in production and figured we would give it a shot. Really enjoyable atmosphere, small, private, but have developed well with their small quarters. We started with a couple portions of the bruschetta, delicious, although, my only real criticism is either the toasts could have been a bigger, or the option to choose 4 instead of 3. Our waitress, Chelsie was funny and very accommodating. The beer my buddy wanted for his birthday was Devils ale, they hadnt replaced the keg yet, and Chelsie hooked it up, got the manager to replace the keg promptly. My friends and I ordered probably one of everything on the menu because as the menu states, the plates are smaller so it is recommended to order a few things. The chef even brought us an extra pizza, because they accidentally added sun dried tomatoes to the first one. We wouldn't have even noticed, but i thought that was very nice. Ladies got a bottle of wine, gents drank the beer, everything was fantastic. My girlfriend got the crab cake upon Chelsies recommendation, and raved about it all night. Will definitely be back. Good luck nosh!
We really enjoyed Nosh. It is great to have a nice, new restaurant so close to home.  We LOVED the atmosphere - a smallish lounge area with really pretty high-backed chairs and comfortable dining chairs.  We liked the view I to the kitchen, too.  We also had really nice service by the bartender - Tom, I think.  I really liked this blueberry martini he made.  The wine list was also great.  I enjoyed a really good cab.

We started with beet salad, a roasted tomato salad and tomato soup with yummy grilled cheese.  I loved the pops of flavor in the salads.  I am not a tomato soup lover, but I tried it, and it was good.  The grilled cheese was really good.  Then we had a goat cheese and fig flatbread - double yum!  For main courses, we had the Elk, which was served with a butternut squash risotto and short ribs (or is it spare? I always get them confused. It was the ones that melt in your mouth!)  served with mushroom risotto. I did not try the elk, but the mushroom risotto was excellent!  Then we had a berry empanada - really, really good.  

We will definitely return!
The owner Stacey and Mark were so kind andhelpful. The service and food was incredible! I will be back and would recommend everyone to enjoy this nice cozy place. I sat watching the two chef making the meals and wow did they have focus and care about every plate.
Intelligent food in North Chandler?; There is now!  Chef Stacey and Mark have injected a dining experience desperately needed into the culinary vacuum of Northwest Chandler. You can count on their knowledgable and friendly staff to guide you through an experience you won't forget. The plethora of quality wines and beers and eclectic menu will leave you wanting to come back and try something new every time. This cozy, hidden gem is a Phoenix best!
Really like this new place. Holding back on the fifth star until I try more menu items. Tucked away in yet another of our suburban strip malls, it is a delicious surprise and much needed. We hope it is a success and will be back soon to promote that!
Finally!  A place in West Chandler that has excellent food and drink. No complaints there. If you are expecting to eat a substantial meal for an inexpensive price, do not come here. This place is about enjoying a cocktail, glass of wine or beer and "noshing" on small plates, pizzettes (small pizzas, basically), and appetizers. Plus there is dessert. We had the soup that was on special--can't remember all that was in it aside from cheese and beer--sounds gross, it was wonderful comfort food on a chilly night. The chimichurri taro tacos were excellent, and I loved the pizzette with goat cheese, fig, caramelized onions, and arugula.

Now, to make this place a five-star kind of place that I never want to leave (even if it means I break the bank a little), play some better music. The music selection was all over the place, from Carole King to Michael Bolton (yikes), to the guy that sings "Mercy Me," this eclectic-not-in-a-good-way mish-mosh of tunes attempting to please everyone but probably succeeding in pleasing no one failed to create the kind of vibe that fits this sort of place, in my opinion. How about old-fashioned jazz standards? Nothing too out there, perhaps some soulful ballads played by John Coltrane, maybe a little Ella Fitzgerald? Just a suggestion...
I loved my first visit to Nosh.  Everything we ordered I would order again and there are so many other things I still want to try.  The service was perfect.  Our waitress was very attentive without being pesky, and the owner even personally checked on all the tables.  My only complaint about where we live is not having a lot of great dining options near by.  Nosh has definitely filled that void.  The portions are not huge, but the quality is superior and the pricing is reasonable.  My new favorite restaurant.
We were going to dinner somewhere Saturday night and happen to see this place from the road. Quickly looked up Yelp and decided to give this place a try instead. A gastropub in Chandler. Intriguing! It's an interesting little place that seems nice. The crowd seems to be older for that night. Majority of the guests were in their 50-60s. 

We saw pork belly on the yelp reviews but alas there weren't any when we went. We ordered the claim chowder and the bruschetta as apps. The chowder was nice but didn't stand out. I guess I should say it was pleasant. For the bruschetta we chose the goat cheese, the wild mushrooms, and the olives. We both really liked the goat cheese with the carmelized onions. Although both of us felt that it would be even better if the goat cheese was warm. I liked the mushrooms and my gf liked the olives.

For entree we picked the beef short ribs, the elk o'bucco, and the crab cakes. The crab cakes were seasoned well and very yummy. The Elk was very dry. It's definitely missing a component of fat to address the dryness. The short rib was much better texture wise. My gf and I both felt that the elk and the beef were vastly under seasoned and needed salt. 

The service was pleasant and the place definitely has potential to be quite good. I'd say 3.5 stars but another half for potential.
Is it enough to say that $7.95 for two average chocolate strawberries is absolutely ridiculous? They were supposed to be infused with port, but we didn't taste any. Is that kind of rip off enough to deter you from coming here?

Well I wouldn't be a good Yelper if I left it at that. Nosh is in the same complex where my husband works so I thought it would be a good spot for us to meet up for dinner. He got off early one night so we made it to happy hour. 

This is where my disappointment began. Happy hour means $1 off glasses of wine, house cocktails, pizzettes, and bruschetta. Let's stop with this $1 off nonsense (this isn't exclusive to Nosh). If I'm going to happy hour, I'm looking for a good deal. Also, if you're a wine bar, you have to compete with Postino. They set the standard. I've seen other places do the $5 glasses of wine, and Nosh should adopt this too if they want to be successful. Instead, I had a $8 albarino and a $13 red blend. Delicious, yes, but not a good value. Perhaps this is why they were pretty empty on a Friday night.

We started with the olive, burratta and mushroom bruschettas. The olive was good, the mushroom one was cold so I didn't like it, and my husband thought the burratta was tasty, but it fell apart and was hard to eat. The pizzettes were also ok. I loved the figs on mine, but the crust was less impressive. 

Then the whole debacle with the strawberries happened. Ugh, time to move on.
The hubby and I stopped by here for dinner last week since I had read the Yelp reviews and it sounded great. After being seated and looking at the menu I was regretting my decision. I started thinking that maybe this was more a place for drinks and light bites rather than a full meal. It turns out I was very wrong but at first Hubby was also grumbling about the mention of "small plates" on the menu and the fact that most of the food and beer options sounded "weird". Well, unlike him I love trying new craft beers and I was very excited that they had a few offerings from Odell since I had just recently discovered this brewery at the Strong Beer festival. I ordered both their chocolate milk stout and their red ale and both of them were fantastic. Hubby ordered the Magic Hat hefe at my urging since I am also a fan of their beers (so excited that they have started distributing in our state now!). Our server was very familiar with the beer options which is a huge plus in my book since even though I am adventurous I do hate it when I end up with something that I don't like or doesn't go well with my meal.

For food, we started with the selection of three bruschetta and all of them were very tasty. The hubby's favorite was the wild mushroom which was so meaty in texture that I honestly thought there was some steak pieces in there until I went back and read the description before writing this review (yes, I do that). Heirloom Tomato bruschetta was typical combination of flavors you could find elsewhere but the tomatoes themselves were obviously heirloom and had an excellent flavor to them so that one was also a hit with us both. The hubby did not care for the goat cheese one but I loved it. Even though the cheese had a pleasant, mild flavor, it was piled pretty high. I actually turned to him after taking a bite and asked "Do I have goat cheese on my nose?" How often do you hear that? Even though each of the three selections only came with two pieces, they were all very hearty and flavorful. Instead of an entree, I decided to order the baby beet salad and the smoked tomato soup because they both sounded fantastic. I love tomato soup and have ordered it many places and this was definitely in the top 5. And it came with a small grilled cheese so even though it was on the menu as a starter it would make a nice light lunch. With the salad and bruschetta it was perfect amount of food for dinner. The hubby ordered the beef short rib with mushroom risotto. The waitress had warned him that it only came with one but there was A LOT of meat on it and he was really impressed with the flavor so he too was satisfied with his "small plate". All of the food was executed perfectly except that the beets in the salad were a little undercooked. I hate the mushy canned beets but I do think that fresh beets should still be cooked enough so that they can be cut with a fork. I mentioned this to the waitress only because she asked.... and I am an honest person.... but then right away the owner (I think?) was out at our table apologizing. I couldn't believe it; after sampling so many items that taste absolutely delicious and were presented so beautifully on the plate, just because one was not total perfection doesn't mean you have to apologize!! But it was a sweet gesture and I really appreciated that she took the time to make sure we were happy.

So, to sum up, the food and service were both fantastic. The only thing keeping this place from five stars is the price. I totally get that they are using quality ingredients and expressing some real creativity in the dishes and I love that. And I am perfectly willing to do the small plates because I value quality over quantity. However, I think our bill at the end of the night (about $60) was a little more than I should pay for a light dinner at a strip mall bistro which even thought it was tastefully decorated, had little ambiance. And I would love to come back for wine and snacks with the girls but I know my sister would not be willing to pay the $10-20 per glass that they were charging. They had a lot of unusual varietals from non-commercial wineries but the prices they charge are too high relative the bottle's retail price. I agree with the other reviewer that suggested they have some deeper discounts on wine and food (beer prices are great) for happy hour... then I would be back on girls' night for sure. As for now, I am classifying it as date night place. I am sure we will be back, but maybe not too often unless they lower their prices.
So we tried the new spring menu and had a "bar fight". This was a fun concept; two appetizers paired with beer- you grade the beer and the winner gets to go on tap at the end of the competition. Loved, the Blackened Shrimp Lumpia paired with Mr. Pineapple (San Tan Brewery). The second beer was an Odell IPA paired with a  Monkfish taco. We were disappointed the monkfish was fried. Next time we will try the Monkfish off the regular menu. Try the spring salad- an oral orchestra! So glad this place is in our neck of the woods!
Such a cute quaint restaurant in an unlikely strip mall. Only 1 table to seat 6.  Super comfortable high back chairs in the bar area. Warm friendly greeting upon entering. Large and unique beer selection and we sampled a blueberry ale but decided on a mr pineapple wheat beer. Now the wine list is just inferior to the beer list. To be categorized as a wine bar is not accurate, a small and unimpressive list; average glass price $9 and bottle price $27. Go for the beer and you will not be disappointed. The starters and small plate options are typical of a wine bar, we especially liked the cantaloupe, blue cheese and prosciutto bruschetta. A unique item on the main entree were frog legs and they had lamb chops. Locally owned so hope they survive.
Had a great time with family and friends Saturday afternoon. The Monk fish was tasty and the Italian wine was divine. The staff was having fun with us so that made it a nice experience. The owners were very nice as well. I recommend you check it out for a nice quiet dinner or when I'm there, a noisy happy hour...  Need to try the Frog legs next..
I stopped by yesterday on a whim, and was very pleased with where that whim took me.

The staff was friendly and very attentive, and the high back chairs are just the right amount of inviting and cushy. I ordered the La Boheme cocktail, which was exactly what I was looking for in a gin cocktail. I ordered four of the bruschetta for my meal, the mozzarella, the ricotta, the brie, and the prosciutto. All were delicious, but since the last three were such standouts, the mozzarella was just decent. I saved the brie one until last for dessert, and I should have stopped there. Sadly, I went ahead and ordered the pinot noir cupcake, which in theory should have been delicious, but in practice was dry, and did not live up to the deliciousness of the dinner. So, honestly, that's the only reason for the four stars. Had I not ordered the cupcake, I probably would have given five.
I feel I should divulge that I have been to this establishment several times and am just now writing the review.  Honestly I just don't want a hoard of foodies finding out about it and messing with my ability to stop by and always find a comfy chair.  However, I also want them to stay in business so, here 'tis.
My first visit was right when they opened and most recent was a week ago.  I really like this place. I don't understand the complaints of a few reviewers regarding small portions.  I have not left hungry once!  The brushetta is plenty for two people to share and always tasty.  The goat cheese is almost too much for that slice of crunchy perfectly toasted bread.  The brie & fig type combo's are basically dessert and the tomato version is always fresh and delish!  I've had the pork rib/shank w/risotto, duck, lamb and an amazing pizza with maple bacon and italian sausage.  Never a bad meal.  
The staff is knowledgeable and provides good input to help pair a wine with your meal.  If I'm still not sure or wavering, they have offered a taste.  I also find it really nice that Stacy comes out into the dining area often and speaks with her customers to make sure everything is to their liking.
As for the price, yes, it's a bit higher than your local happy hour spot.  But good grief, please tell me where else are you going to get this type of quality food, unique selection and wines that you will not see EVER on your chain restaurant HH menu!
At the risk of giving up my comfy chair, I encourage you to go try NOSH.  Cheers!
Stopped in right when they opened a few Sundays back. I think this caught them a little off guard but we were hungry. The place is small but that is what is kind of great about it. Plus, the amazingly comfy chair! I didn't believe the other reviews either. I asked myself "How can chairs be that comfortable?" but they really are!!  With the food, they certainly don't skimp on the cheese on the bruschetta. I love cheese so I thought that was great! We also tried the Alfredo Pizza. It was fantastic. I liked it so much that I'm starting to have cravings for it! Only four star instead of five because the cupcake for dessert was just not very good. Which was disappoint since everything else was tasty.
I really wanted to like this place more than I did.  I love small restaurants like this because it allows the kitchen to focus on their cooking.  At their worst points they aren't going to be slammed because there are only 10 tables or so.  That should mean quality output every time.  I found the food to be almost there, but not quite.  

Let's talk about  the positives though...

The atmosphere is great.  It is an intimate enviornment with great seating and decor.  Perfect for a date, to grab a drink at the small bar or lounge area, or a family dinner (adult family...leave the brats at home).  

The menu is great.  Short, sweet, and to the point.  There are about 6 dinner choices and some pizzas.  The appetizers include bruchetta and a few other choices.  "The Nosh" appetizer was great.  Best thing I ate.

The beer list was great.  They only had 3 on tap but there was a large menu of bottled/can craft beer.  The list even had the price of each.  I love when restaurants do this.  There's nothing worse than looking at a beer list with no prices.

The prices: More than fair. 

The entrees themselves lacked something though.  We ordered the duck and the chicken.  The duck was a good looking breast presented nicely but it just wasn't great.  The skin wasn't crispy and the fat wasn't rendered enough.  It was like the pan it was cooked in was 25 degrees too cool.  I'll likely order this again and ask them to make sure it's crispy.  The chicken was stuffed with fontina and some other ingredients.  Served over fairly plain pasta the whole dish was very average.  For dessert the brownie was really average as well.  

All told, it was a good meal but it wasn't great.  I'll hopefully be back and I look forward to ordering some other items on the menu.  Hopefully I'll be able to update the review to four stars at that point.
AWESOME!  Been into Nosh several times, a group of us actually dropped in on their pre-opening on New Years Eve, met a buddy for Happy Hour yesterday and had a great time.  Erica rocks the house as a bartender with personality and Stacey's food is the bomb.  We had drinks and the charcuterie (sp) board that was terrific.  Hit a lull in the kitchen and asked Stacey if she could make a mushroom pizza...fresh mushrooms marinated in wine...outrageous!
We stopped in here on a whim and I'm glad we did.  I love the intimate setting that welcomes you into the space.  The chairs are very comfortable and the lights are low enough for atmosphere but you can still read the menu.  And the food was wonderful.  The bruschetta is all about the topping and they don't skimp on the ingredients.  We had the Seasoned Vegetable Pizzette and it was very, very tasty.  The crust is made there and has that fabulous just baked taste and smell.  But the ultimate experience was the rabbit/ricotta filled ravioli appetizer.  Wow! You have to taste that for yourself.  

My only suggestion is  to increase their wine list.  However, that will probably happen after they are there longer. They've only been open for about 9 months or so.
LOVE the atmosphere. Brick walls, good wine selection, fun modern art on the walls, small room, lots of dim candle light... The perfect date spot. Our server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and what wine we should try with our meal! We shared a cheese plate as a table then I had the Gorgonzola flatbread with a glass of Pinot noir... Great food and drink! They also have a pretty good happy hour with $5 glasses of wine and apps! Will definitely be back soon!
Favorite non chain in Chandler. The staff is great and they have a great rotating beer selection. The owner is very cool and always talks to us. She loves Freddie Mercury! haha.
Hubby and I stopped in after work today on a whim. We live in the area but honestly had not seen this place until recently. What a gem! We can't wait to go back! Very small, intimate cozy feel... Not many wines on the list but what they do have is unknown wines served at the right temperature so you can taste the flavors. A must for any wine bar. Bartender Erica was very good about pouring "tastes" for us, and checking in. Rice balls were excellent, we could hv had ten of those! All in all, a very good experience and looking forward to the next visit!
Great place for apps  Nice wine selection and even better beer list. 

Arancini was fantastic and the charcuterie plate, while good, wasn't great. They could use some different cheeses. 

Tucked away and difficult to find but worth the effort to locate it. 

Nice atmosphere with friendly staff.
Most affordable 5-star meal in the Valley!

Absolutely one of the best date places in the east valley. The wine and the food are both flawless. You can't go wrong, no matter what you order, which is a good thing because you will be too busy swooning to read the menu. The atmosphere is so romantic and the finger foods are so sensual. With the added effect of the wine, it's difficult to remember that you're in a public place and need to keep your clothes on. Haha. Take your dates here, it works.

A nod to the chef, who is not only talented but one of the sweetest business owners. She'll come to your table and check on you, which I have almost never experienced here in Arizona. The unique creations here, such as the deconstructed coffee created by chef's hubbie, are so thoughtful without being pretentious. It's exciting every time I try something new. Embarrassing fact: I have not eaten red meat in over ten years, but I did try the BBQ ribs (not on the menu) and the maple bacon pizza at Nosh. Both were worth breaking my diet.
I dearly love this spot for so many reasons, it is my, let me go find my friends on a Wednesday night, it is my I really want an epicurean adventure spot, it is a get my drink on spot and it is just straight up a great place to eat and drink. 

I started going in January when they first opened and go back on a weekly basis. The chef is amazing, she pairs food well together and has a true vision for her menu and restaurant. The New Times and Phoenix Magazine recognized Nosh as best new restaurant for 2013, so how is that for validating my already amazing taste....yeah, I'm that good. 

Okay, back to Nosh. Nosh's staff is equally amazing, everything at the bar is hand crafted. They make a lot of their own liqueurs, like their cherry bounce, a marvelous blend of fruit and rum. They have fresh cucumber juice, make their own bourbon soaked cherries, I could go on, you get the idea. After having cocktails there one night, I thought I need to have my own bartender, someone who can educate me in the art of cocktails and liquors and the artistes behind the bar at Nosh are just those folks. Need to know about bourbon, Mark will tell you all you need to know. Want to pick someone's brain about Madeira, Malbec or Argentinian wines in general, Stacy will fill you in on the deets. Want to know how to make any cocktail, well and want to know the ingredients to make it sing, Erica is your gal, tip that woman well if you go.

 When you order, ask for Wendy, she will take such good care of you, you'll think you are in your own living room but with a better ambience, a great sound system and just in general better than your own living room but your living room...you know what I mean. 

So, go, don't you dare take my spot at the bar, I'll coldcock you, but enjoy yourself and let the magic that is Nosh wash over you and enjoy the hell out of yourself.
We had a fabulous experience at Nosh. It was our first time eating here, and I'm so glad we found this gem of a restaurant. We walked in on a Friday night around dinner time and were immediately greeted by Chef Stacey who offered us a glass of wine while we waited to be seated. LOVE that the owner was acting as the "hostess" and was mingling with guests all night. 
We sat down at a cute little table in the corner with really comfy chairs. Our waiter was super friendly and on point. We ordered the bruschetta and we each got a pizzette. Apple Gorgonzola for me and Meatball for him. YUM. Mine was delicious, one of the best pizzas I think I've ever had. Everything tasted really fresh and I easily finished the whole thing, without feeling too full at the end. My boyfriend said his was okay, he will probably try something different next time. 
Another bonus is that we each got a free glass of wine due to a mis-pour by the bar. Um, yes please!
An all around GREAT experience. We will most definitely be back to try their happy hour and brunch.
Driving buy and saw the words "gastropub" which made me want to check it out.  The gastropubs I've seen usually are sports bars that have more choices for beer and slightly better than average bar food.  This was definatley not a sports bar.  

Very nicely decorated and furnished.  Nice beer and wine list, but I had to go to work so stuck with the ice tea,  which was quite good for iced tea.  Service was very friendly and prompt,  and the menu was small (which is always a good sign).  I saw a lobster roll and asked the waitress how it was,  and she said that is something the chef does quite well.  At almost $20 I would hope so,  so I ordered it, just out of curiosiy.   I am happy to say that it exeeded my expectation.  It really was quite tasty.  Sandwich roll was very light and fresh (like it was just baked), dipped in butter, and the lobster was also very light, fresh and made into a type of lobster salad, with mayonaise and not much seasoning so you could really just taste the lobster (which there was quite a bit of).  Served with a small side salad of mixed greens in what I think was ana olive oil/lemon juice dressing,  that was perfect for contrasting the lobster roll.

On another trip had their lobster mac and cheese.   It was $16 so I was expecting some nice pieces of lobster.   The noodles were cooked well, and the cheese sauce was not thick like a normal cheese sauce,  but more of a cheese coating.   Overall it tasted good,  just not much of a lobster punch that i was expected.  And to me a bit overpriced for the amount of lobster you get (not very much,  just small pieced mixed throughout.  It tasted quite good,  and the portion of noodles was fine,  just to me not enough lobster flavor and pieces for the price.

Overall I do like the restaurant, atmosphere and food.
(Lyrics - James Blunt - You're Beautiful)

The food is excellent
My mouth is full
I saw a wine list
Of that I'm sure

She smiled at me as I ordered
She had many patrons at hand
But they won't lose me as a customer 
Cause I'm a big fan

Nosh Arizona, Nosh Arizona
Nosh Arizona, it's cool
I saw your place in a magazine space
And I thought I'd go to you
Cause I'll always be coming back to you

Nosh=to eat food enthusiastically or greedily.  Indeed, I'm guilty of this heinous deed!  However, I have to say I was damn hungry!  I came with a gal pal and we sat at the kitchen bar.  Nosh is definitely a cute setting and relaxing atmosphere.  Located in Chandler it's a rare find!  

We ordered...well I should say I ordered the Apple Gorgonzola pizza to share or not!  Needless to say scarfed it down!  The sweetness of the cheeses meshed well with the saltiness of the maple bacon while the hint of bitterness came from the arugula.  Yummy yummy yummy indeed!

They have a nice wine list, but I'm a beer guy so had to get my favorite Magic Hat.  Overall, great dine and wine place and with some live music this place would pop! - Enjoy!
Hidden gem alert. Really enjoyed our first time at Nosh. I ordered the rabbit stew (sorry Bugs) and it was delicious. Not only did it taste amazing but it was the perfect portion size. We split a slice of pecan pie with vanilla sea salt ice cream, which quite possibly was THE best dessert plate I have ever had. Service was great, ambiance was nice. Extensive wine and microbrew list. Thanks Yelp for another great restaurant find!
I was really disappointed to say the least. I dragged my boyfriend out for date night and I wanted to try something new from our regular spots so I came across Nosh online and was intrigued with everything I read about it. I was waiting all week and was really excited. Upon arriving we went in and had a mildly awkward encounter with the girl who greeted us over whether we should seat ourselves or if someone was going to seat us. After we sat down we ordered some food and drinks and waited. Our food came out in a timely manner and mine was excellent though I wished there was a little more. My boyfriend on the other hand ordered the rabbit ravioli. There were only 4 raviolis on the plate and he pulled bones out of three out of four raviolis. While I can understand an accidental bone here and there that much was a little concerning especially for our first time being there. I also felt that it being so highly recommended for a date night spot it would have had better mood lighting. It was kind of lit really bright like a Denny's. Maybe I was expecting too much. But seriously Nosh, fix the bone issue in your rabbit ravioli because that is not cool.
If you're looking for a place to hang your hat, Nosh is it. From the food to the service, it's all fantastic. The vibe and lighting is great and the food is delicious and unique. I come here to mingle with the locals. No TVs! Love it. Thanks, Nosh family.
Randomly selected this place while looking through yelp star ratings.  I was not disappointed.  I had zero expectations going into it my visit and upon arrival we were immediately pleasantly surprised.  Nosh is a smaller restaurant with a warm atmosphere created by soft lighting and plush chairs arranged around two tops immediately upon entering.  There was additional seating for larger parties towards the back of the restaurant but we were lucky enough to be seated immediately right in front in one of the plush chairs.  The food was excellent and reasonably priced considering the quantity.  They had a small selection of draft beers and a larger selection of bottles, all craft breweries featuring a good portion of local stalwarts.  There is also an extensive selection of craft cocktails which I did not try but from the looks and description I'm sure they would do the trick as well.  The dishes we selected were Apple Gorgonzola, Rabbit Ravioli and a special spare rib starter.  Pizza was perfect: crispy crust and delicious play on salty and west.  Rabbit Ravioli was surprisingly moist for an unforgiving protein like rabbit.  Spare ribs were delicious and the sauce was spectacular but unfortunately it was only lightly drizzled with it so I found myself wanting more.  Will definitely return soon.
Chef Stacey reached out to me via PM and I am very impressed with her professionalism and the pride she has in her business. So much so that I am willing to go back and try Nosh out again. I will be revising my review after my visit so stay tuned. :) I'm excited!
An exceptional little gem in a mundane world of cookie-cutter chain restaurants....

The food is creatively crafted and very tasty. My favorite item would have to be the Arancini...a gooey, cheesy, fried to perfection ball of risotto. Every item is such a deviation from "normal" in the best way possible. 

The hand-made, artisanal cocktails and ample craft beer offerings round out the meal very well. Any of the staff will be glad to help you pair a beverage with your meal that really hits the spot. 

Don't forget to experience the "Bar-Fight"...I won't ruin the fun surprise for you.

The service and atmosphere make Nosh a comfortable hang out spot. Wendy is fabulous, she makes you feel like you've known each other for years in about 10 minutes...now that's talent! Stacy and Mark are great as well! Not only do these people make great food, they honest-to-God care about their customers and it shows.

The only reason I'm not there 3 times a week is because I live 40 miles away now! 
5 stars hands down!
Well, my friend ordered the lobster Mac n cheese that ended up being served with no lobster and no bacon... Bacon chunks were brought after the fact. I ordered the meat & cheese board and was never asked my preferences on either. The cheeses were very random and not very good. The sliced salami was the size of a quarter. The best item of the night was the Winter Sangria, very good. Although Nosh is closer to where I live,  I probably won't go back to this place as there are 2 other wine bars in Chandler that are far better.
I went here for lunch with a friend last week and I have to say it was one of the nicest most de-stressing lunch, with some of the most delicious food! We ordered 4 bruchettas  and the cauliflower / squash risotto. We were so impressed we order the bread pudding for desert.  We can't wait to go back and bring friends!
Not quite up to my hopes. Food is ok, not as on the money as you might hope for. Service was a bit lost; the server neglecting one entree then unable to match our dessert order- the ice cream being finished by one diner before after dinner drinks arrived for the other guests. Would consider going again for the smaller tapas items and a glass of wine but would pass on a full dinner. Seems the place is trying hard but not quite able to pull it off.
Thank you for a lovely Sunday lunch. This locally owned place is a ten minute walk for me. Whee! It was nice to have a gluten free meal.
I came here the friday after Christmas with an intimate group of friends, and I was absolutely smitten with the place. The owners were fantastic, the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. 

The food was impecable, the drinks were great and basically personalized to taste. We all sent our drinks and food around the table a couple times. We enjoyed the 3 way bruschetta (you can't go wrong with any, as long as you love cheese!),  portebello and balsalmic pizzette, ,pesto and shrimp pizzette, the lobster mac and cheese, and the rabbit ravioli. Dessert included cherry bourboun icecream/smoked porter float, and the chocolate bread pudding. Drinks were many, and merry. The deconstructed coffee was a table favorite though, I highly recommend it! An A++ place, and I bet with happy hour, it's not even worth going anywhere else! It's really nice to enjoy a chef owned restaurant in a part of town that is riddled with corporate establishments.

Go and try it! You will not be disappointed! Do it now!
This tiny little place, a little off the beaten path, on the side of a strip mall, next to a dry cleaners, is a great little find! The atmosphere is dark and relaxing. It does appear to be an older crowd, 40+. The kitchen is open with  high top seating around it. Makes me wonder if this was a sushi bar before??? We just had the happy hour specials, baby back ribs, 3 of them loaded with fall-off-the-bone meat. Also had the pork sliders and the bruschetta. $45 for 4 glasses of wine and 3 decent sized apps! I will say I'm a bruschetta snob (love my Postino's), but they were all very good, the fig and apple was my fave! Will definitely be coming back to enjoy another HH!
The name of this restaurant is very descriptive. Nosh - (verb) meaning to snack or eat between meals.

My husband and I decided to go here for a date night last Saturday because we love to support local, family owned businesses. Looking at the website should have been our first red flag, because the home page is a bit narcissistic. But we dug down to the menu and both found things we wanted to try. 

Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by a pleasant server and someone behind the bar. While agreeing that the atmosphere was great, we chose to sit in the comfy lounge area. 

For starters, we split the beet and kale salad ($11) and for the entrees, I ordered the eggplant and artichoke plate ($15) and my husband got the wild boar bolognese ($18). The salad came out and we both really liked it, but thought it was on the small side. We didn't dwell too much on the size of the salad, because we knew our entrees would fill us up.  Were we ever wrong!  

When my plate came out, I was shocked to see one piece of eggplant with one piece of artichoke stacked on top of a polenta cake. Cutting into it was impossible as the sauce made it so slick, the stack collapsed and everything fell all over the plate. Now I had sauce in the very small garnish salad on the plate. Aside from the mess on my plate, the dish itself was okay. Not fabulous by any means, but it was good.  I just wish there was more of it. What I had in front of me, should have been described as a small plate or an appetizer for one. 

My husband didn't have any complaints about his wild boar bolognese, other than there wasn't enough of it. As we were almost done eating, the server brought out one slice of a toasted baguette, apologizing that he forgot to bring it out with my husbands meal.  Seriously, one piece of bread for the table?

After eating every last drop on our plates, we looked at the dessert menu and didn't see anything that wowed us as the selection looked very pedestrian.  Plus we weighed the cost of our three dishes, with the portions we received, and decided it wasn't worth spending $5-7 for maybe two or three bites of dessert. 

So, after tax and tip, for $55+, we went home and had to "nosh" on some food, because Nosh just didn't cut it for us.
Have been waiting to try this place for a while and finally got the chance to go, and the food was spectacular! We decided to do drinks and some snacks and ended up getting carried away as the food was so good. We started with a bottle of white wine..it was excellent and also had their nosh board. Very tasty. We then decided to try a pizzette the one with apple and Gorgonzola...Delish! I almost wanted to hug the chef. Why haven't I been here before? I was kicking myself. We ended things off with the pecan pie. Wowzahs!!! Might be one of the best I've ever had. Thank you Nosh! I am happy we are neighbors.
Nice environment, cozy.  Lots of beer and wine to choose from which is nice.

We ordered the salad with the warmed pear on it.  it tasted good but it was tiny.  for $12.95 I expect a large salad, not a small dinner salad.

We also ordered the mixed grill for $26.95.  This had 4 very small pork chops on it.  They tasted pretty good but each one was about a total of 4 bites.

We were still hungry so we ordered something else.  Our server completely forgot about that and brought us our bill.  When we asked where our food was she said it would be 10 or so minutes so we decided to just go home to fill our stomachs.

for $50 plus dollars i expect to be somewhat full.
I've been here two nights in a row and have 0 complaints. The staff, food , environment are amazing. Cannot complain at all.
Love this place.  Went there for the first time yesterday and found a great vibe, excellent food, unique spirits and wine/beer, and cool people.  Tabitha was fantastic at the bar and Mark was super passionate about their offerings.  We really enjoyed talking to them.  We ordered the wild boar bolognese over home made pappardelle.  I don't know the chef's name but that dish is unbelievable.  We split it and ordered another for take out.  As soon as we walked in the door at home we wolfed that down as well.  Drink wise we ordered the Adventure Cocktail, a couple glasses of a red blend, their home made cherry infused bourbon, and a super smooth grappa.  I think it was called Tagliatella.  Enjoyed everything.  Will be back very soon.
If Nosh implements a bruschetta & wine deal- move over Postino! Also try the Beets over Kale- fantastic!
I've been coming to Nosh for about a year and it's my "go to" for girls' night, happy hour or date night. I've put off writing my review because I'm worried everyone will find out about "my" Nosh and how wonderful it is! Stacey, the owner is a lovely person, not to mention a talented chef. Wendy, the manager is one of my favorite people! My wine at Nosh is a red, called Pinot Patch and it's my very favorite wine EVER! Very drinkable, even for people who aren't big wine drinkers. The menu is always changing and I love the mixed olives, the bruschetta and the pizzette. It's good stuff! If you're headed there on a weekend, call ahead to reserve yourself a table! Cheers!
This quaint little restaurant was highly recommended by our great friends, who love in Chandler and are regulars to Nosh.

All I can say is Amazing!!!!!
.  
The food was magnificent both in quality and taste.  
We sat at the bar that faces the kitchen, seeing the proprietor/chef (Stacey) interact with her crew as they prepare their incredible creations was an added fun and entertaining experience .
They work with such synchronicity and passion it reflects in the quality and taste of their dishes.  As an added bonus you will find Stacey taking the time to walk the floor to make sure all clients are pleased with their orders.
Finally although we walked away pleased beyond belief, we did feel a little guilty at how much we paid for this amazing meal, needless to say, it's beyond reasonable.  

In my husbands words
"We need a place like this both in Michigan and Huntington Beach"

"We would be here twice a week if this place was near either of our homes"
We tried this after a friend's recommendation.  It is now one of our favorite places to dine!  I've had the bruschetta and pizzette and both were great.  My husband had the lamb and wild boar chops which he thoroughly enjoyed.  The bar has quite a selection but I've enjoyed the Sangria most of all.  The staff are friendly and the food freshly prepared.  Although it is new restaurant, I predict it will be the "in" place for neighborhood and surrounding areas.
I recently discovered this little gem and will definitely go back.  I really enjoyed the comfy atmosphere and all the very friendly staff members. The bruschetta and wine were really good too! Great place!
I liked it. Didnt love it. But the service was spot on. They were  fast and efficient.  The food was good but a little over priced for the offering.  Very good wine and atmosphere.
I saw that the reviews of Nosh was either really promising, or really negative. I decided to see for myself, and to my surprise I understood why this separation in partisanship is. 
My attempt to walk in unbiased was fairly successful. I felt that the ambiance was nice and cozy. The menu was limited and not as innovative as I had expected. beer and wine selection seems fair, and I did have my sample of some interesting brews over my party's visit. 

The happy hour\
Do not waste your time hasting to fit the window, because if you do you may partake in their happy hour deals. These are a crock! I had three: 
The fancy rice ball - wasn't good (others in party did like it). 
Deep fried artichoke - exactly what it sounds like, and pointless.
Shrimp cocktail - waste of dishes. 

The food\
We had several orders of different samples of the bruschetta. Not special, not bad. 
The Charcuterie Cheese Board. Not impressive. 
The Nosh. I expected the namesake of the establishment to be good, edgy and/or esperimental. I was wrong.
Dessert. Seriously and remarkably unimpressive. (Nutella on toast is breakfast in Germany) 

Sentence\
I had a great time here. The service from the door on is fine. The food was overall a disappointment, but the beer selection is fair. The ambiance is nice and I like how it is decorated and everything. 

People that come here for an escape, might get what they came for and thus give this place a high rating. I don't blame them, because that's how I feel. But if you come and believe that an establishment that call themselves Gastropub and let the limelight shine down on Chef Stacey - I become far from impressed.

I want to like Nosh. I want to like it a lot. If it was more pub and less Castro, I would have just written it off as that. Now I cannot, due to the fact that the proportions are the very opposite. Chef Stacey I want to be impressed, but I was let down. If there is one think I can be a dilettante connoisseur on, its pub food. I will come back, but only to Nosh the Pub.
I have been there twice now and it is consistently great!. Wine selection, food and service are some of the best I have had.  
The owner takes the time to ensure everything is perfect and pleasant.  She is a credit to Chef's everywhere.
Good location but needs better signage for sure... came here during HH, nice $5 wine list, the worst calamari plate I've ever had... it was basically a plate of deep fried bread crumbs with nothing in & way too much olive oil drizzled on the veggies.
Ordered some pasta from the dinner menu... super blend, didn't even finish 1/3 of the plate. Nice, cozy place tho, just don't come here with an empty stomach.
Love love love this place. Living in south Tempe the last 2 years, it is so refreshing to finally have a locally owned bistro in town. We went in early on a Saturday night... Service was great, atmosphere was really nice. We sat in the super comfy chairs in the lounge. We each enjoyed a glass of wine. Our server was underage so he couldn't really recommend anything but the bartender came out and let us sample several things until we found one we liked. 

To eat, we each started off with salads. I had the beet salad and hubby had the roasted pear. I don't usually eat cheese or dressing so ordered both on the side so he could taste. To my surprise the goat cheese was slightly fried and the dressing was light and delicious so I indulged in both. For dinner my husband had the elk shank and I had their special, the venison tenderloin. We were both super impressed. My husband even tried the bone marrow for the first time. Interesting texture, but it was yummy was very yummy. And for dessert, of course we had to have the pecan pie. So great without being too super sweet... And the crust was buttery and delicious. We also had the daily homemade ice cream, apple made with coconut milk.

Overall experience was better than expected and I can't wait to go back.

So so so excited to have a new local treat!
We have been to Nosh several times for both dinner and brunch and are never disappointed. For dinner you can't beat the bruschetta and a bottle of wine. It is probably the best bruschetta that we've ever had. Also the wild boar ragu is an excellent entree. Their Sunday brunch has great mimosas and excellent eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine. Some reviews have commented on portion size, while I agree they're on the smaller side, it's a classic size French portion. As far as service goes, it is always excellent. The chef frequently comes out to check on your meal and chat with customers.
Went here for brunch on Mother's Day. Chairs were comfy & atmosphere was relaxing so we were sooo disappointed the food was so so. We got the bruschetta which was just bread piled with veggies- no spreads or cheese (1had mozzarella ) for "glue" so the veggies just tumbled off. We had eggs Benedict & the muffin wasn't toasted so it just disintegrated. Plus it just didn't taste very good. I'm so sad we won't be going back.
Why haven't I stopped in here before?? I do not know but won't let too much time slip by before I stop in again. Friendliest service ever and a great wine list. Four beers on tap and the rest are in bottles, served up in a cold glass. Nice. The warm olives were dynamite - really truly good. And so was the bruschetta, especially the squash blossom. YUM with a capital YUM. We also shared the charcuterie plate and it was nice - great bread too. The bourbon chocolate pecan pie was the tastiest pecan pie I've ever had and I love pecan pie. The salted ice cream was delish as well. Quite a treat here at Nosh!!
The food was great - we had the French boned Pork Chop, Grilled Cheese and Gorgonzola Pear Salad. Everything was delicious and the dessert was to die for - Chocolate Pecan Pie. Chef Stacey was great and our waiter, Mark was awesome as well. He was so knowledgeable! Great nite and delish food!
Insanely good! Went there yesterday for hh at 4:00 p.m. Everyone was friendly and we were seated right away. The beer and sangria we ordered took a few minutes, I think because they were making my sangria, but also seemed a little short-handed right at 4:00. Note: the red sangria is much better, more flavorful, than the white. They have an extensive list of wines and beers and interesting crafted cocktails. We ordered the ahi appetizer which arrived in about 10 minutes, a perfectly grilled steak with a side salad! For dinner, we ordered the elk shank with bacon grits and the grilled brie/bacon/apple sandwich. Both meals were amazingly complex in flavors, delicious, and luckily came with side salads. The portions were spot-on. I wish we'd had room for the chocolate bourbon pecan pie - next time! Can't wait to go back. :)
My wife and I adored his place. The service was great, the food was outstanding, the ambiance was cozy, and we will definitely return. We started with a sampling of bruschetta, then onto the elk shank, the white pizza, and finished with a salted caramel ice cream and chocolate basil torte for dessert. The portion sizes were perfect, the prices were very reasonable (especially for the quality of the food), and I've been to few other places where I felt more at home on my first visit. There were many regulars, lots of good conversation, and even a personal visit from the owner herself. If you're in the area, you should definitely stop by for a visit to this amazing local gastropub.
I really debated about writing this review. So many good and bad things to say the food was good - but just that, portions were skimpy on somethings and heavy on others, bread came out cold and barely toasted, side salads were only greens which just looked sad on a plate all by themselves. For a $20 entree a piece of fish and some lettuce is ridiculous. Muscles were ice cold and there were only about 10 in a big bowl so it looked horrible and instantly cooled off the muscles which had no garnish, barely any sauce and cold bread. Flat bread was delicious, Cheese platter was a good mix of meats and cheeses but still underwhelming. Wine list was good, red sangria good and beer selection good but a lot of heavier beers for summer time.

What really bothered me was my sisters fish came out raw. Not just sort of under cooked, were talking barely touched on the grill. Honestly, it happens no big deal! We kindly asked our server if we could get the fish cooked a little more and she happily agreed. She took it to the cook ( a younger gentleman) and asked him to re fire, He then grabbed the plate and said " what does she want me to f*#king burn it?" Nosh is a small restaurant with an open kitchen where sound travels. My sister was immediately embarrassed and felt horrible. Not how you want to be treated when spending over $200 on a meal. To add insult to injury it appears their method for fixing the issue was to get us a free $6 dessert that we had no intentions of ordering anyways. Gee thanks. I told the server quietly that I had over heard the Cook talking about our table and I got a genuine I am sorry and then she said " you know chefs". Why yes, yes I do know chefs, I have worked with them for over 12 years and I would be embarrassed if that happened on my watch. 

I doubt we will be back.
Just had the Ribeye steak with blue cheese on top. OMG! Combined with the fantastic desert, it was a gastronomic explosion. 

Plus the staff is really friendly. Fun place. Definitely worth 5 stars for me.
Well, husband, son and I decided to try again. Bruschetta has improved since original visit. Also, the lemon tart dessert was good. Dinner Menu options quite different than before, but that is a good thing.  I like when restaurants are updating and not serving same old food.  I wish I could say I loved the food, but I was really disappointed.  I got the "last serving" of the copper river salmon. Based on the cut I received, they should have "86'd" it before serving the weird cut with a huge center line through it that was inedible. It was also overcooked and there was no sauce on it. Served with wilted greens and then to fill up the plate, a tiny bit of salad greens.  Greens and greens on same plate? Can't spring for a small serving of roasted veg or starch? Husband had pork chop, also served with greens and greens. He thought it was okay, but terribly under seasoned and I thought overcooked. Son had ribeye with blue cheese. He was surprised to just see blue cheese crumbles on top. He thought there would be a delicious blue cheese sauce. If you are going to serve small plates, they need to be really thoughtful--sauces, salsas, relish--are a necessity to complete the protein! His meat was fatty throughout. At least he got some sort of chewy corn dish on the side, not just greens and greens. It was super chewy but flavorful. Probably the only thing we ate with a hint of flavor and seasoning. We wish we could love this place. I wish they would taste their food before serving it. I'm a person that never puts a salt shaker on the table, but in this case, I was so glad to have one on the table! Service was great. That is why 2 stars instead of just one for food.
Super friendly staff. That made the evening enjoyable. But the food was, I hate to say this, not good. I ordered frogs legs and they tasted frozen and the breading was really greasy. The salad was just a pile of leaves on a plate. My partner ordered lobster rolls and while the lobster was flavorful, the rolls reminded me of Wonder Bread. It's not fair, probably, that the night before coming to nosh we went to a very elegant restaurant in Scottsdale and had an unbelievable meal. But to be honest, the prices were not that much higher at the other restaurant.
Nosh is a fabulous neighborhood restaurant in Chandler.  The food is amazing, the servers are friendly and the selection of wine is awesome.  A few nights ago we dined there for the third time.  Even though we were there during the week, a musician was playing and he made our dining experience even better.  The curtains on the windows closing out the "real world" make you relax and enjoy your experience even more.  We will be back.

I have read the other reviews, some are good, some not so good.  Nosh is a restaurant where you are not going to get a gigantic portion that you need to take home.  They serve smaller portions and there are a variety of different, interesting dishes.  This time around we had a small pizza, eggplant, bruschetta and a lobster roll dish.  All were delicious, especially the bruschetta which is quite possibly my favorite of all time. 

We enjoy the variety Nosh offers, the nice atmosphere and the wonderful food.  It is a delight to have such a high quality restaurant right around the corner.  My only comment to the chef, please being back the lobster macaroni and cheese!
I love Nosh! It's wonderful to have such a delicious, trendy, and locally owned business in the neighborhood. 

I have been to Nosh for just drinks, appetizers and drinks, as well as dinner. Every time, it was delicious and the staff was friendly. 

I love the changing menu. It's a surprise each time and gives me a chance to try something new.
FIRST!

Soft open preview...

limited menu - fry basket appetizer and shrimp sausage salad entree; fry basket consisted of waffle fries and tasted like it was from the frozen section of the grocery store and came out cold; shrimp sausage salad was pretty standard with spring salad and strawberries supposedly fresh which it may have been but i had the late preview time so it didnt come of as fresh; the sausage was local and was very good and tasty; the shrimp didnt jump out; had caramelized onions and a sweet balsamic dressing that overall gave it a sweetish taste; was satisfied but it was overall a very standard salad...will be back to make my way through the menu - the street tacos sound good as do some of those burgers (hopefully they fix the whole fries issue); they do also have vegetarian selections and some gluten-free options...

pretty good craft beer tap list (only a handful if macros); tap list had 24 choices with a good selection of local brews which will be rotated...

since it was a soft preview many of the staff and one of the chefs came out to greet the visitors - very nice guy with a lot info about the place and openings as well the sourcing of ingredients (supports local, tries to support sustainability ideas, etc)...

atmosphere and service is very inviting an friendly - will be interesting to see how things change after the real opening and when it is busy - looks like an attempt to keep the atmosphere as not-so-corporate and more neighborhoody and so far looks to be succeeding; they dont make the servers wear stupid unis with stupid flair; service does come off as genuine and not too forced and i bet it will become even more relaxed after the nerves of opening wear off...

looks like it can cater to families although seems tailored to a more young professional/professional type crowd...didnt get a chance to check out the outdoor section although the server did suggest checking it out when they open...wasnt blown away but will def give it more than another chance
In Tempe, people don't go to biker bars, they go to bicycle bars. : )  Spokes serves up fresh, slightly healthier versions of your typical bar foods for a reasonable price (Less than $10).  They also offer more vegetarian options.  This is the 3rd day since their opening, and it was decently busy for a Thursday night.

The interior is pretty nice, and has various bicycle-themed accoutrements, such as a pair of silver owls made out of bicycle parts.  The bar and dining area is very spacious, and TVs line the walls.  There is a patio area which overlooks the gorgeous lake area outside, which I will definitely have to take advantage of once the weather is nicer!

They offer a wide range of beers available (20+ on the menu), as well as iced tea and soda.  A nice thing about their iced tea is they offer Stevia in their sweetener baskets.  

Once we were seated, we were handed menus.  Despite it being just their third day since the grand opening, my menu was already splattered, sticky, and had a large tear on the side.  Putting aside my distaste at the sad state of my menu, I opted for the veg-head sandwich, while my husband had the carver burger.  The veg-head sandwich was decent.  It had fresh vegetables such as red bell pepper and eggplant in it, as well as fresh basil and mozzarella.  It had a sweet balsamic vinegar sauce with it.  As a whole, it did taste a little bland (Maybe it needed some more of the balsamic?) and the eggplant was tough and bitter.  I tried the carver burger, which I liked a lot better.  It was a sizable meal, with juicy, perfectly cooked to order meat, and very flavorful ingredients. The only real negative for my husband was that he felt the burger needed some more seasoning to bring out the flavor of the beef more. We both had sweet potato fries as a side, although you can also get sides such as salad, soup, or waffle fries with your order.  The sweet potato fries were awesome.  They were light, crispy, with just the right amount of seasoning.

Service was fast and friendly, and the owner came by to chat for a little bit, which I appreciated.  They offer happy hour and a reverse happy hour, and are open late until 2 A.M.  

Overall, a pretty good experience here at a nice restaurant and location.
I went here Sunday afternoon w/ some friends. They seemed pretty busy for only being open a couple days. My group started with the queso dip appetizer. The dip had a very delicious cheese flavor, the tortilla chips were crunchy and fresh.

While waiting for the appetizer we ordered some flights of beer. They were out of flight glasses so they ended up pouring 3 pints for the price of a flight for my friend and I ended up just getting a pint, no complaints there. The beer selection was quite nice as to be expected for a spin off of Boulders on Broadway.

Being brand new, I expected some kinks needing to be worked out and there were a few. I got the grilled cheese for my meal, excellent sandwich but I had to send the fries back because they were barely cooked. They made up for it by quickly replacing them with extra crispy sweet potato fries. Next mishap? Charging for the 2nd flight we never got. They quickly corrected the problem and went beyond redemption by 1) buying me my pint and 2) giving me a coupon for a free pint next time I stop by. Minor annoyances and they are clearly moving in the right direction. 

The food prices seem to be in line with a neighborhood grill. The beer prices seem a bit cheaper than you'd find at most places (especially for craft beer, $3.50 drafts for happy hour? hell yea). Finally, a craft beer spot in my neighborhood within walking distance. I'll be going back for sure.
Atmosphere was great, love the patio. Service was decent, but not phenomenal. Food wasn't bad, except you could tell the food was previously frozen. If I'm paying 9 dollars for a chicken finger basket, the chicken shouldn't be tough. I think this would be a great drinking spot, they had a lot of good beers on tap and a nice patio. But only get the food if you have the drunk munchies!
My friends and I came here a while back to celebrate a bon voyage for a good friend of ours we got the the server recommended bruschetta board and chased it down with some tasty brews. Good beer selection, food selection is healthier oriented pub grub and the atmosphere feels like young professional/grad school. Apparently they just opened and it was pretty populated. Will have to return for more  food!
Had lunch there twice now. Service was fast and with great attitudes and smiles. I had a kale salad today that was fresh and really good. Sweet potato fries were also good but a bit limp. I don't know where the ice tea comes from but it was heavenly. I don't usually comment on such common items but it was very very good.
My buddy had tacos and said they were great. 
Great neighborhood watering hole atmosphere. Patio by the lake is very relaxing.
All good.
I been there twice now friendly staff great Beer choices and really good food.  You have to try the Grilled Cheese with pear and onions WOW great job Spokes....
Friendly staff, but HORRIBLE food. Everything we tried tasted like it had been frozen, including the fries. For a college town it's amazing that they have no vegan options. The lemonade tasted like Countryrtime powder. There were five of us and we were all VERY DISAPPOINTED with our food.
Two stars for a great patio, zero stars for everything else.  Service was horrendous. Our server couldn't get one order straight and when the bills came it was apparent why, every bill in our group was wrong.  We were all laughing about it. One guy tried the tabbedout thing they have and his orders were messed up also.  Food wasn't very tasty either, the wings were overcooked, the salads were mushy. The beer list was large but all mostly entry level microbrew beers, with so many taps put a couple of out of the box beers on please.
Great place. Nice craft beer selection, food with local ingredients. Try the Turkey Quesadilla! And Tyler, the bartender is so friendly and knowledgeable.
I should begin by saying that I really want to like Spokes. Locally-owned, bicycle-friendly bar with a great selection of beer that is just blocks from my house and free of the Mill Avenue crowd. The all-day happy hour on Saturday is great, too.

That being said, I think it is just going to have to be a bar for me. I've been on a handful of occasions now, and have been pleased with my beer experience every time. However, the two times that I have gotten food, I've been disappointed with the quality and price. (First, a grilled cheese with caramelized onion and pear, second, a salmon (no B)LT). Namely, the two sandwiches I purchased had too little flavor and too much grease; I felt like I had to wipe my hands and face after each bite. My friends at dinner each of these nights echoed this sentiment, with sirloin tacos and a burger, respectively.

I'll keep coming back for your beer, Spokes on Southern, but no more food for me until the menu improves.
I've been to Spokes twice now & haven't had a glimpse of disappointment! 

They have 24 beers on tap- and a great informational beer list to match (in case you like to know exactly what you are ordering.) I love beer but I also like surprises. Both times I've been I have had super friendly & knowledgable servers who have helped me choose random beers that would please my palette. There is definitely a beer for everyone... who likes beer. We took my anti-beer best friend and explained her situation as she looked over the menu- immediately, they brought her a couple of samples hoping to find one she liked. When she wasn't pleased with any of them (crazy girl) they brought her a fun & creative tequila drink. It was very sweet!

We decided we were hungry and thought we would give their affordable food a try. I was surprised by some of the poor food reviews, because everything we had was very flavorful, well made, and unique! (It is still a new restaurant, so you have to give them some room to work out the kinks- but I think they are doing well & are open to hearing customer opinions.) I had the sirloin tacos with a side salad. The balsamic dressing was delicious and my salad was super fresh. When my two tacos came out, I wasn't sure if it would be enough food.. but they were packed full of goodness! They came with chimchurri and poblano peppers, and they weren't spicy- but moist and full of flavor! My light eating friend ordered edamame, and was given the choice of having it served salted or with pesto. Yum! My other friend got the Caprese sandwich and sweet potato fries, both of which she was very pleased with. 

The decor and atmosphere inside are cute. It's bike themed with an at home, neighborhood bar feel. Outside is adorable! Especially with the great weather we are currently having :). It's covered, well lit, and overlooks a little baby lake I didn't even know was there. Also, they have happy hour all day on Saturdays- so who can go wrong with that? We enjoyed our Saturday evening there.  I had 2 craft beers I'd never tried before and plenty of food & my tab was only $17. The service was quick, down to earth, and full of jokes for our increasingly silly table. 

Give Spokes a try- unless you hate beer and friendly faces you won't be disappointed. :)
I've been to Spokes twice now, and both times it has been a great experience!! Last weekend, my husband and I biked up to Spokes for our first outing. There are places all over the restaurant and patio to lock up your bike, being a bike-themed restaurant. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the lovely afternoon. Kyle was our server, and we was always around making sure we had enough to drink, that our food was ok, etc. Just really friendly staff, but not overbearing. My husband had the turkey sandwich, which to his surprise was real carved turkey, not pressed deli meat. I had the smoked salmon Blt, which was delicious!! The waffle fries are amazing.

The next trip we sat in the dining room, and I really like the ambience of the place. The beer menu had been updated since our last visit (they rotate through kegs of craft beer, but there is always Bud light on the menu for the less adventerous). They also keep a cider on tap, which is awesome. Right now it is Sam Adam's Angry Orchard cider, which isn't my favorite, but still better than no cider at all. This time around I tried the shrimp tacos with a side salad, while Matt had the Salmon BLT, again both of us enjoyed our meals, and we had Kyle as our server again, so the service was fantastic. I haven't tried any desserts yet, but I'm looking forward to that on my next trip!

It is so nice to have a local restaurant within biking/walking distance of my neighborhood with good food (not typical bar food), and a great craft beer selection.
Loved it! Great craft beers and food was fresh, fresh! Try the quesadilla, it was amazing! Our waiter, David, was a hoot!
The beers were warm and flat.  The bartender was argumentative when we told him about it.  6 employees working on a Sunday afternoon and I still had to get up and go to the bar to get napkins for my wings since none were brought to me with them.  The place is cold and not inviting at all.  We won't be back.
Open six weeks. Pros are:  25 local brews and IPAs on tap and full bar. Cons are: since it says " neighborhood grill", I was hoping for a new neighborhood bar with GOOD FOOD. Wrong! Why can't we have a local place that serves good fresh food that's tasty!? Does the staff even taste what they are serving? Maybe 15 items on menu. The bartender boasted about the roasted turkey so I tried the turkey tacos. Menu says it is roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and shaved sweet potatoe. When my dish arrived, it was two tiny tacos on a huge plate. That's it. No garnish, no dipping sauce... The tortillas were grilled, the turkey was no big deal, and the sweet potatoe fries were burnt and greasy sprinkled all over the top. Greasy burnt flavor with each bite. Restaurants should know and love what they are serving. I took two bites and sent it back. I've read other reviews and see that I'm not the only that agrees with the lack of food quality and flavor. Come on Spokes! Listen to your potential fans and step it up a notch! If anyone's wondering were to go with awesome home cooked food and dive bar setting.. TryPranksters! Hint hint spokes.
Had a great early dinner with my husband at Spokes. We're long time Tempe residents so have seen this establishment be many a restaurant. Am so hopeful Spokes will make it!!! When we arrived around 4:30pm, a sign alerted us to go to the bar for seating. My husband likes to sit in the bar (I'm OK with that, too) so we found our own table. I love the atmosphere in Spokes (as it was when it was Streets of New York and Uptown Brewery)... open area bar, outdoor seating. So, where we situated ourselves was great! 

Didn't take long for our waiter, Max, to address us with a beer list (different than what was on their web site that day). He helped me select a beer that I absolutely enjoyed, as did my husband. Beers were great.

Food: We ordered to split a kale salad and the sirloin sliders. The kale salad was fairly standard in that it is a bitter green dressed-up with a blue cheese dressing (although for my tastes could have had even more of that dressing), pecans, strawberries served around the salad (would like better mixed within the salad). The best thing... the whole salad sat on a balsamic dressing. This dressing really helped cut the bitterness of the kale. So, only change... slice up the strawberries into the salad, add a bit more of the blue-cheese dressing (or offer on the side). Keep that balsamic dressing-so, so good!!! We took home half of the salad.

Sirloin sliders: A lot of places offer 3 sliders. Spokes gave 2. My husband and I didn't go for these right away- ate the salad, and munched on the delicious sweet potato fries that we ordered as a side with the sliders. So, perhaps if we had, they would have been warmer (hotter) to the palate. While there is a pecan pesto, it was lost on the sliders... pretzel bun was great... would like to have had some kind of dipping sauce or sauce on the slider that might be a horseradish/mayo variety... perhaps something the diner could control. The sirloin was tender...great... Needless to say, we ate both!!!

Our side of sweet potato fries was right on!!! These were crisp, hot, and meaty. None were left on the plate!!! 

When ordering, we told Max that we were splitting the two orders, so would have appreciated that the food came out split on two plates. Not so. Max was observant and gave us smaller plates for us to do ourselves. Not a biggie, but one of those nice touches that diners appreciate.

Service: Can't say enough how Max was attentive and observant of our needs as diners. We also were eager to chat with Max, and he was able to do so as the early time we were there. The kind of people hired to represent a business matters... we hope to return to Spokes and request Max's area for seating... usually a Thursday through Sunday opportunity!

I look forward to returning. Max recommends the turkey quesadilla and the Carver burger which I will order!!!! For those who might not know, Spokes is a sister restaurant to Boulders on Broadway...
The food is their biggest downfall. Quit trying to be so unique and focus on doing something right. Even mediocre bar food would be a huge improvement for this place. We went during their grand opening week and were seated right by two roll up doors even after telling the hostess we didn't want to sit outside (it was quite cold that evening) so we had to ask the server later to close the doors for us. Queso dip appetizer was probably the most boring I've ever had. Food took forever, my burger was simply meh. My wife's tacos were seasoned with a crazy amount of some oily concoction and the meat was tough and chewy. I had to send my cold fries back. 

We waited a couple weeks to let them settle in and didn't have much better luck. This time the server was indifferent bordering in rude. I had pulled turkey sliders (seasoned with barbecue sauce and curry?!?!?!) on a soggy pretzel bun and my wife got the mediocre burger. 

Beer selection is great and will probably keep me coming back occasionally for some late night libations. I wouldn't mess with anything else. It's sad/scary when I think I could legitimately do a better job cooking/coming up with the menu.
I've been coming to Spokes since it's inception into the community and absolutely love it. The food here is phenomenal and the servers are friendly and charismatic. Lindsey is an awesome bartender who is very attentive. Cody the manager ensures that the customers are always right. David the server is excellent at making everyone happy. 

Any item you purchase of the menu is fresh and scratch made, the Burgers aren't frozen, it's fresh angus beef! The salmon blt is incredible, the best thing you've eaten every time. The farmer fry basket is great especially for vegetarians, their salads are amazing. 

Thank you for reading I hope you enjoy this establishment as much as I do, everytime.
First off as a beer drinker...... always a rotating selection of craft beers as the bartender lindsey who was so nice to introduce herself  tells me. Food was from scratch and as local as possible. I had the "spokes burger" loved the kale. They do things right here, good creativity.Brought my dog and loved the patio .All day happy hour on saturday is also legit. cool neighborhood spot, check it out this place is worth it!!
Enjoyed a nice Saturday lunch with some friends. The bartender was funny and witty, very helpful in the beer & food selection. My  friend and I each got an order of Sirlion & Shrimp tacos so we could have one each. I will say the tzatziki sauce was awesome on it, a nice twist to tacos but i wouldn't say the meat and shrimp were the best I've  ever had. I also was excited to try a new food ... Yes, I've never had pablano peppers before and did so stuffed with mashed sweet potatoes .... now that was YUMMY!
The atmosphere, especially the patio area is really nice. The service was perfectly fine, but the menu can be a big hit or miss. If your looking for something new and unique then you'll probably be delighted. If your looking for the usually staples, made well and tasty you might find yourself having a hard time making a decision. All choices seem normal until you read what they add. Seems like they are trying a little too hard to be different, which really isn't needed for a sport bar type spot. Ended up getting hot wings and a Cesar salad.  The salad had to be modified from the menu, just an example of how they might be trying a little too hard to be unique. Shouldn't have to modify a simple Cesar salad, at least I can't remember the last time I had to do that anywhere else. Probably won't go back, just because I don't want to have to special order everything I eat if I'm not feeling adventurous.
I've been to spokes a few times with friends and overall this is a good restaurant. There are some really good things about it and some things that I'm not a fan of.

PROs
The atmosphere is great.  They have a beautiful patio with lots of shade that overlooks pond with fish and ducks.

The food is good.  Almost everything I've ordered there has been delicious. 

They have a huge beer selection that always offers variety.

CONs
Their beer selection is constantly changing.  I'm a creature of habit so it's frustrating when I find a beer that I really like they don't offer that beer the next time I'm there,  I think it would be nice if they had a few regular beer selections.

The food is pretty expensive for the portion size. 

Our server had a really bad attitude.  Each time I came to the restaurant I sat on the patio and the server always seemed to be in a bad mood.  I understand that serving is not an easy job and everyone has a bad day every now and then but its a bummer to have the server consistently be in a bad mood.
Fun atmosphere. Good food. Had the street tacos, different, but good.
This is a great place to stop by after work and grab a draft beer. The beer is great, the food needs work. Still a great spot.
Last night was my first time at Spokes. I had never heard of the place before but saw a couple in a local flyer and saw that they had 24 beers on tap!!! Sounded like a great place to me.

Be warned this place is not easy to find without any kind of GPS!! There are no signs for it anywhere and it cannot be seen from the street. Upon walking in we were told to seat ourselves anywhere we would like. We chose to be sit over by the bar which overlooked a beautiful patio area complete with a pond. We sat for quite some time before a waiter came over to us (about 10 min). They do have a good selection of beers (I chose the SanTan Hefeweizen) and food seemed to SOUND good. So I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. 

The food literally took 40 minutes to get to us. Keep in mind this place was not busy at all. Our food was okay but nothing too impressive for the prices. I had asked for my burger medium rare and it was almost well done. The side of black beans and rice was bland and cold. At this point we were ready to leave but we had another 20 minute wait to get our check.

Overall this place could be good if they changed a few things. Great selection of beers but food is lacking. May give it another shot but doubt it.
Gluten free accomodating! Neat place, like the decor, but I was most impressed that they serve gluten free bread or buns as an option. Usually I can't find much to eat at pub restaurants, but I enjoyed a turkey sandwich on a gluten free bun and they had a cider beer on tap. I'll be back again.
Well I stopped in to check it out. Tough location, it;'s kinda hidden. I go to a lot of bars like this. We hit the bar, it seemed friendly enough. Until I received the wrong beer. The bartender argued that it is what I ordered when in fact I was just taking her own recommendation. I don't remember her name (angel wings?) But she took the beer back and never brought me another beer. Even after my buddy said he would drink the one she brought. I had to order from the other bartender. Then service went downhill from there..... So .... make sure you verify with the bartender what you want before she pours. If the food is ok and there is nothing special about a place, then they need to have good friendly service if I'm ever coming back!
Great place what a surprise!! Went there after a hash run and met up with my daughter hoping she would like it too. Great decor and the wait staff were right on and we came in full force with 60 plus people on a sat night just showing up. 
Excellent beer choices wish I didn't live so far away I would have sampled many more of their great list of beers on tap.They even have the alcohol content listed so no guessing what or how hard it'll hit you-BRAVO!!
I'm a fan of Boulders on Broadway, so when the manager mentioned that Spokes is the same owner, I wanted to check it out. The food was really great with more things on the menu I hope to go back and try soon. I thought it might be a carbon copy of Boulders, but the selections were different, but maintained the focus on upping the ante for bar food. 

The servers were so friendly! On a slow night - there was some improv think going on in another part of the very large space - they chatted with us, welcoming us as our first time at the bar. Happy hour was $1 off all drinks, not amazing but they said perhaps food specials are in the works, but for the friendly service, good food and super convenient location, I'll be back!
Awesome, rotating beer list.  There is always something new to try.  Food is decent, but they could use some more apps that are easy to share.
Great atmosphere, good food, excellent service. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The menu has some unique items and is vegetarian friendly. The rotating beer selection is awesome.
Good beer list, but the menu and service are poor at best.
Came in for the Wolf Pack IIPA tapping on #NationalIPADay...good tasting balanced IPA w/ some citrus hops + bready malt & agave nectar in the finish = well done...sirloin street tacos w/ rice & black beans on the side came out cold but tasted great - did not skimp on the sirloin! Tap list as always is great, service is personable, friendly & good...that 4th star is for the brews; unfortunately i still have to go with 3 for the food - but that is working its way past the bar food label into the gastopub arena;...keep it up Spokes; i'll keep coming back
Great location, yummy food, awesome staff, huge patio...this place is really fantastic!
Great pub...Always a great selection of rotating taps, including some locals. The food is good pub food, but everyone comes for the beer and patio (when weather is nice). Staff is very friendly and efficient. Stop by after work at least once a week for a few ice cold pints.
I'm happy to say that I returned last night to Spokes and had their spinach kale enchiladas with beans and rice, and I was very pleased with the quality of the food! I'm glad that they added another vegetarian option to the menu, and it was delicious. Haven't returned to the other food items that I disliked last time, but maybe during my next visit. Thanks, Spokes!
Excellent place to watch the  Cardinals and football!! The food and service was spot on. Burgers will yummy
Good beer selection, beautiful patio, food is decent but some things to work on. They've only been open for a week or so. Staff is friendly and attentive, and love the bicycle theme. I'm hoping this place does well.
Good lord its hard to be THAT BAD, the food is terrible. Cold, uncooked fries every single time its just disgusting. Never bringing my family back here!
Watched the ASU game here with friends on Saturday.....and I remember "Sneakers" that this was previously.  Really liked the "Spokes" theme - Bicycles are so in right now and there was done of fun people watching as Tempe had its Tour De Fat that day!  The food here was very good, beer selection was great, pricing was reasonable, and service staff was solid!
I went here with a friend. They chose it because I absolutely love grilled cheese and will pretty much order it anywhere it's offered.  I was not disappointed.  You get 3 cheeses on the grilled cheese if I remember correctly there are 3 base cheeses. I remember there is cheddar and blue cheese.  Then you get to pick 2 extra toppings from a very delicious list.  I chose bacon and sweet onions...it's was absolute perfection! I got the sweet potato fries, they were good but a little soft, next time I plan on trying the waffle fries.

For an appetizer we got the beer queso spicy style and it was soooo gooooddd.  It's been a long time since I've had good queso and this one was delicious!

The wait staff was really nice, explained things and were passionate about the things being served.
I've only been to spokes a few times after softball games, with groups and just two of us at a time.  I love their patio, the music has been really loud each time I've been so it's nice to be outside to just hang.  The servers are always very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back.  (Perfect for after a sporting event and a rowdy group.)  Their wings are good....the queso on the other hand....pass.  It was crusty within like 10min, yuck.  The beer selection is good, limited to local breweries so don't expect Blue Moon or Coors...they have the good stuff!  The servers are very knowledgable and happy to hang and explain the different types and bring samples.  All in all, it's a great spot to hang and try a few new beers.  I'll be back when I'm on this side of town. :)
We were visiting from out of town for the Ironman and wanted some good food and beer.  This place was close to the house so we stopped  in for lunch. David, the bartender, was very friendly and knowledgable. Great beer selection! Everything our group ate was delicious. Try the stuffed poblano pepper - you won't regret it!
I have tried this ale house/sports bar on more than one occasion and feel that they can step it up as far as menu selection.  The bar is a great place to watch a game and enjoy well selected beers on tap but don't expect to be satisfied with anything on the menu.
Super friendly staff, decent beer selection, really great location with a lot of greenery and it's very open. 
I tried the grilled cheese with sweet potato fries, bbq hot wings, and the salted caramel creme puff. The sweet potato fries were perfect - which isn't always the case in restraunts since the sweet potato fad hit - and the hot wings were also very good. The grilled cheese was super tasty and I chose avacado and bacon as my two topping selections along with a base blend of cheeses. The only thing that bummed me out was that the dessert was prepackaged - the server explained that they were running out of them because the supplier discontinued that dessert - but this isn't Applebees, so I expected the desserts to be made fresh! Very disappointing.

They had a lot of turkey-based items (tacos?!) which I found pretty unique.
I heard about Spokes from a friend, and the fact that it is related to Boulders made me want to try it even more! I came here with my man to watch a Lakers-Suns game and it was a good overall experience.  The bartender was nice enough to find the game we wanted and made sure the tvs facing us had it on. Our waitress was also very nice and very helpful with beer and food selection. I was feeling adventurous and chose their pepper burger over an easy bacon cheeseburger. It had different peppers and tzatziki on it and it was a unique and fairly good choice. I would like to try something different next time, but it wasn't bad. The thing I loved most was their tomato bisque, it was rich and tasty, I was very surprised at how good it was considering my low expectations of soup at a bar. I tried some of Eric's sirloin tacos and they were pretty good. I want to come back and check out that lake view and try other items on their menu.
My family and I went to spokes for the first time today. I was beyond impressed!! The atmosphere is so welcoming! I love how the place is decorated and the fact that it's next to the pond with ducks is so cute :-) the staff was so friendly. We ordered the guacamole which was made to order, so delicious! I also recommend the turkey quesadilla, pulled turkey slides and the turkey tacos.. Pretty much anything with turkey haha! Can't wait to go back!
The food was great, the staff was awesome.  They kept checking to see if we were ok, and not just our waiter either. Food portions were decent. Not to big and not to small.  Also has both indoor and outdoor seating by the water.
What an amazing vibe!  Today was my first visit to Spokes on Southern and I will definitely be heading back soon! I waltz in on a Wednesday night and the Bartender David  gave this place the best first impression. He remembered my name right of the bat which is not as typical as it should be at similar establishments. Very friendly, personable and hilarious  throughout my entire visit. Also  he noticeably respected when to stop let you enjoy your drink very diligently . 

I was not there for Happy Hour but will be returning to take advantage of it soon. drinks look fair and have great food options. The beer was very great but all my compliments have to again to the bartender, David. 

I am constantly disappointed by other bars and restaurants because their staff cannot make a near decent 'Old Fashioned' spirit.  I must be honest and say that Spokes' bartender made the absolute best 'Old Fashion' since my very first. It is amazing that they have this type of talent on staff.  The food I had was also very enjoyable. 

Overall vibe was very positive, chill and friendly. I look forward to the summer because it looks like they have a great patio.  Probably the best first impression of a new restaurant that I have had in quite some time. Fair Prices and amazing atmosphere.
Fantastic burgers! Not good, but fantastic. The menu is avante-garde and a sports at to boot. Definitely try the jukebox app!
Am going back again today to try the stuffed Pasillia!
I went on opening weekend long ago. My idea of a fun night out is not sitting around a wooden table and trying craft beer only to struggle through it because it tastes like ass. Sorry folks, I will just stick to my Coors and Budweiser. With that said, maybe this is wrong of me but Spokes is not really my type of place. Even when ordering my "crappy" beer it took a while to get a bartender and be served. I felt like it was a place where all the beer coneseuirs come and chat about beer - smelling it, takign a swig and swishing it around in their mouth, talking about the ingredients, and talking about how badass the brewery is instead of a place where you can have a steady stream of Coors Light sitting in front of you. Which is fine, I just personally don't really have a desire to talk about such things.
This place is amazing!!! Great food, nice atmosphere, and server Brian was one of the best servers I've ever had.
Lindsey was the best bar tender ever. The prices are fair, and the customer service was great!
Came here a couple weeks ago after a game with my teammates. We sat on the patio, which offered ample space and a good atmosphere. The waiter was well-versed in all the beers on tap and can help out with any questions. I wasn't impressed with the menu, but there is a little something for everyone. I got the turkey on ciabatta and it was good, though nothing great. 

All in all this is a nice place to grab a drink, eat a little food, and converse with friends. i would not seek it out in any way nor do I see it becoming a go-to spot, but it is a good option if you are in the area.
Great beer on tap and the food is delicious. It's nice to come to a locally owned restaurant with craft beers that change all of the time.
I've only been here for lunch during the work week a few times, and based off of all of my visits, I've always been very happy and love continuing to come here for lunch. The staff is always very nice and helpful, and the food is absolutely delicious and prices are very reasonable. 
There's a very nice outside patio that opens up to the beautiful duck pond area where there are waterfalls, ducks, turtles and fish. 
I brought my dog with me today and they brought out a water bowl for her when they brought out the water for me, so they are also a pet friendly restaurant.
5 stars to this place without a doubt!
very nice patio and a SMOKING area woohoo a little pond with ducks and turtles good service and pretty good happy hour deals I will be coming back again
It's just so expensive even for craft beers...the worst is that bar tenders and wait staff are all trained to tell you the same thing when you ask why they're only bringing you a 10 oz pour. They say it's because of the alcohol content...which isn't true...and they know it...or they should know it!! As a matter of fact just last night they pulled that BS on me and she said..." Sir, anything with 8% or higher ABV is poured in 10 oz glass." I said well that beers not 8%....when she checked (because of course I'm wrong) she came back and said, "well it's a really rare keg and it's about profitability"....yeah. That's what I thought...$5.85 for a 10 oz Oskar Blues IPA...too expensive. You'd think a place owned by the owner of Boulders would be a great place too...but as they are quick to point out "this isn't Boulders..." To which I easily reply "you're damn right it's not!" The food is just ok...the wait staff is hit and miss
Good food the service was a little excessive at least 5 different servers came up to our table, but we did enjoy our experience.
Went here 2x. The first time was when I was visiting my family for the holidays and I decided to stop by here because I had nothing else to do/nowhere else to go. The 2nd time I went here to see an old college friend.

I'm not a drinker but it seemed like this place was pretty relaxed. There's plenty of spaces to sit/lounge and it's not really crowded. It's like the place that people go to either hangout out with their friends or have a drink after work. There's karaoke but the its mostly people with horrible drunken voices getting on the mic. It's pretty laid back and somewhat "friend-ish" (as opposed to friendly) bc there isn't a meat market kind of vibe, but people just don't talk to strangers with ease. It seems like the beers are cheap and the bartenders are like "whatever" in attitude so that's a plus or minus depending on what you're looking for. I think the beers were like $4 or $5 during happy hour or reverse happy hour, or whatever. Me, I'm a "whatever" kind of person too, so I this place is fine with me.
Nice place, good service, awesome patio
This place had decent bar food and I liked their beer selection, both times I went the staff has been very nice and provided fast service, All in all it's worth a visit
Sweet potato stuffed poblano pepper as a side - Remember these words as they will be important when you order. Good food with both a southwestern and slight bistro flair. Casual dining with somewhat of a bicycle theme. Super peppy waitstaff and a nice outdoor seating area with a couple fire pits. Good bear selection and quite good cocktails. Repeat - get the stuffed poblano pepper!
Went here for a large group dinner (~30) a few weeks ago and I was excited as I have driven past this place but never stopped in to try it. It is a lot larger than I thought, with a nice patio space and a huge area in the back which is where our group was seated. Everything was pretty average, I had a southwestern turkey sandwich and some cider. What I can say though is that they set our server up for disaster. We had a reservation and they only assigned one server to our group, so it took about 2hrs for us to all get our food, and even then there were some issues with wrong orders. Not our servers fault , and I would hope that a smaller party wouldn't have the same wait as us, but I was surprised that they would set it up like that. Also, the music is pretty loud inside.
We've been looking for a local place to go for a beer, and i think we've found it! The waiter was great, he was also our bartender. Food was good, beer was not only cold, but there were a lot of flavors to choose from. This building has been a lot of different restaurants, I think this one is the one that will stay!
I have been to Spokes four or five times in the last year and I do enjoy the bar.

The beer list is strong and most of the servers, especially the bartenders, are very knowledgeable and helpful when picking out a brew. 

My only gripe with the establishment is that I have never been very impressed with the food. The menu is small, which alone is not really an issue, but I have yet to find something that I really enjoyed.

The service and beer selection is enough for me to continue visiting when I am in Tempe but ultimately it is not an establishment I would make a special trip to try.
I'm a regular here and it's great every time! The food is done well consistently, each dish has a unique twist that makes it great. The 3-pepper burger and the turkey enchiladas are particularly good. The BBQ turkey sliders are my favorite appetizer. Service is always friendly and attentive. The place itself is clean and nicely decorated and is a great place for a laid-back night. Hint: they support sports teams so if you bring your team there (I go with my softball team) they have special discounted beers and menu items for you!  My only negative is that sometimes service suffers when it gets busy, but they always apologize for that which is all I really need. Overall, a wonderful place!
Good selection of beverages, and a damn good happy hour menu too! I enjoy the food a lot and the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and helpful!
I have been coming into spokes for a while now. I have looked passed them fudging up orders, having hazardous plastic material in my food, and not having patrons/frequent patrons served in a timely manor. I don't care if I come in at 10 am or 1:30 am I should get the same service! And for the most part that happens. But when I come in on Tuesday night and the karaoke host's friends are there.... You better believe they will get what they want before the rest of the bar, whether it be drinks or songs.
I am very upset with the establishment and the karaoke company they employ. This is not the first time that I have come to spokes and been denied a song. 
Although we spend a lot of money at spokes, I don't believe I will be in to 'say hi' for a while. 
And if I could find the karaoke company's yelp page I would have a lot more to post. But I'll leave it at that.
Salmon was perfect, sweet potato-stuffed poblano was a little strange. But great atmosphere and great service! I'd come back ;)
Pros:
Nice patio. 
Good beer selection. 
Tasty veggie tacos (with corn tortillas).
Nice server. 

Cons:
Sweet potato fries were more mushy than crispy.
Black beans were undercooked. 
Hummus was mediocre.
The view of the pond is great; they also have ducks. The food was 4.5 on a 5 scale and the service a 5. They have outdoor seating with a fire grill table and plenty of lounge area. Definitely a place to meet people to eat, drink and kick back.
The bartender here was super nice and funny.  He gave me great service and kept checking in on me, he was super friendly.  For lunch I ordered a salmon sandwich.  It was kind of weird because the salmon was fat and round, like a ball.  So you can imagine how awkward it would be to eat a ball in the middle of two slices of bread.  It was good, I love salmon, I just think they could have chose a thinner cut.  They had an excellent selection of craft beers and I think I may have over heard the bartender saying at least one was a nitro beer, oh yum.  

I've been back several times with friends and the servers are hit or miss.  The selection of beer is excellent though.
I discovered this place on Yelp as part of my research for craft beer-serving restaurants near our hotel. We've been to Four Peaks brewing. We've been to San Tan Brewing. I enjoyed both but for our very quick, less-than-24hour-trip, we hoped to find something close to the hotel with a menu that didn't mirror standard bar fare. 
And did we find it! We wandered in to see a sign that said "seat yourselves" so we found 2 great spots at the bar and settled in. Our fabulous tender of the bar was David who quickly made it known that despite him being busy, he was there for us and that we were going to get along great. And we did. Fun conversation and camaraderie aside, David knew all there was to know about their beer list. Including all the specialty sours on tap. Now, I'm an IPA fan. But after a tiny taste of the Sour Gose, I was intrigued. I ordered another sour which was red in color. As David put it, it would be a cocktail to enjoy especially if I was a red wine drinker. Milder in sour-aspect and bright berry flavors. For sure! It was exactly that in a way I can't even describe. I even went back and ordered the Gose. 

David spoke very highly of the menu and their chef and explained that they roast all their turkey in house as well as make all their sauces. My husband and I ordered the Farmer's Fry Basket to start which was a delicious combination of fried okra, fried green beans (the best!), corn fritters, spicy pickles and cheese curds served with a spicy aioli and a cool tzatziki. The green beans were seriously the best I've ever had with the perfect amount of batter.  

Next we decided to share the turkey street tacos, which I had seen pictures of here on yelp. It came with a side David suggested that we choose the poblano that was stuffed with a sweet potato mash and bacon with the spicy aioli. Wow. All I can say is yum! The roasted turkey was moist and flavorful with cranberries and fried sweet potato shavings on top. A perfect flavor and texture combination. I had mine in a corn tortilla whereas my husband had flour. We each enjoyed our tacos and the stuffed pepper was fab as well. The pepper itself had some nice heat to it which you don't always get in poblanos. The mash and bacon was a perfect combo and we would order it all again. 

The next time we visit the Phoenix/Tempe area, we will definitely be back to explore more of the menu and craft beers!
Been coming to Spokes for their happy hour.  It is a nice place with a good happy hour. Their chips and queso is amazing! I highly recommend it! Rumor has it they put IPA in it.. Super yummy!!!
Easily the best bar in tempe. Awesome beer and great service. Their bartender Matt gives the best beer recommendations and server Justin is always on point checking in even when they're super busy. This place never disappoints
great food killer drink menu and awesome ambiance what a winner. chef Eric knocked it out of the park again!!!!
Great lunch selections and prices. Had the roast need, gruyere, and mushrooms on spinach tortilla which was wonderful. Would drink the ice tea by the gallon if I could.
We had drinks and I'm so happy we did. You have to try this place for yourself to understand its grandeur.
Barrel-aged manhattans is all I can say. I tried the white and the red -- liked the white far more, which is interesting given that I've never tried making one at home. Maybe it was the subtle surprise, or maybe they just have an awesome recipe. The flavors melded together beautifully in each version, and I look forward to trying the red manhattan again in a few more weeks. This is the first time I've been excited about a beverage at a bar in quite a while. Looked like they had a great beer selection too -- maybe next time.
I really wanted to like this place since my first experience at Centurion was so good. Unfortunately after two attempts here, I've given up. 
The first attempt at eating at the bar came last Sunday. We stopped in around 1 pm looking for a sandwich. After being seated, they inform us that only the brunch menu is available. OK, but by brunch menu they mean breakfast. There are no typical lunch items available. No problem, so we place our order for the Wisconsin scones. A few minutes later the waiter returned to inform us that they're out of hamburger meat. At this point, nothing else on the menu looks appetizing, so we leave.  I think, no big deal, this happens now and again.

We decide to return the following Saturday and meet a friend for brunch. This time full well knowing that means breakfast only. We sit down and all order a bloody mary. As the waitress is walking away, she turns around to inform is that they are out of scones. Out of scones??? That removes 1/3 of their menu. I'm in disbelief that this happened again, but really wanting to like this place we just decide to look for other options on the menu. Then the waitress returns again and informs us that they're out of bloody mary mix.  That was it for us. As much as I wanted like this place, that kind of management is inexcusable.  
I hope they can get it together, but I don't plan on going back again just to be burned.  
Too bad, because that Wisconsin Scone sounds amazing. If they ever had all the ingredients there at the same time.
After my last review, Chef Eric reached out to apologize for my last experience and to invite me back on the house.  I appreciated the offer, so I agreed to return, but at my own expense.  

We were a party of 4 and were seated with only 3 of us there.  We sat down and ordered our drinks.  One Bloody Mary was ordered and this time it arrived with the other drinks.  When our 4th arrived, they ordered a Bloody Mary as well and were informed that they were now out of mix.  We found that disappointing.

We moved on to the food.  Two of our party ordered versions of the Eggs Benedict, one ordered the Belgian Waffle, and I once again ordered the Wisconsin Scones.  This time, it sounded like all the food was available and we were happy.  

We didn't wait too long before the other 3 plates arrived, but no sighting of the scones.  As two of the other dishes were egg dishes, we had everyone dig in so the food didn't get cold.  About 5 minutes later, the scones came out and we were all eating.  

Everyone really enjoyed their dishes, and I sampled them all as well.  The food was extremely well prepared and flavorful.  As I had hoped, the Wisconsin Scones were delicious and really hit the spot.  

Overall, it was a much better experience than my two previous visits.  The food was great, but the lack of Bloody Mary's at brunch was frustrating again.  I'm sure they're still working out the kinks and when they do, this place will be a great brunch spot.
Love this place!  

They have a great selection of beer and wine and the specialty cocktails aren't too shabby either.  The paninis are really good, I've had the pesto chicken, roast beef and cheddar and the Greek one - they are all delicious!  The homemade foccaicia bread they have is excellent.  I usually get the side salad with it and it's perfect sized meal, I feel very satisfied when I'm done and overly full or having to leave food on the plate.  You can also get pasta salad or potatoes au gratin.  

Everything is reasonably priced too, some of the paninis are $5!  Can't beat that for a lunch or dinner.

The service is excellent , the bar tenders and owner have always been very nice and helpful.
I have to stay this is one of my favorite bars in phoenix. Chef Eric is so sweet and full of culinary knowledge. The bartender Kyle is super sweet and truly loves his job. If your looking for somewhere to unwind after a hard day at work or just have a good times with friends, then we you should come on over.
Went there this past Sunday for their 3:00 wine tasting.  What a bargain at $30 per person!  Tasted 13 wines, received a full glass at the end and we were treated to what amounts to a full size dinner plate of very tasty chicken.  The dish was a manchego stuffed chicken breast over lemon rice with a mushroom dijon sauce.  Went perfectly with the extra glass of Chardonnay I received.  The wines were ok to great but as Eric said "You'll never recognize great wine if you don't drink some mediocre stuff".  Speaking of Eric (he and Michelle were wonderful hosts), he's quite knowledgeable when it comes to wine and very informative.  Our group consisted of long time wine drinkers and I was worried that "Wine 101" would bore us to death.  Quite the contrary, I learned several things about wine I had never known.  Lastly, don't leave the bar until you have tried some of Eric's infused liquor.  The bourbon and rye were particularly good.

I've also been to the Centurion for dinner.  If you haven't you owe it to your self to give it a try.  I'd recommend the stuffed mushrooms with cheese sauce.  Wow good!!

Their wine list is a little eclectic but their is always a gem or two available.  Any of the well trained staff can make a recommendation.
Service not great.  Bar area is not user friendly.
Initially I'm hesitant to give any stars at all, but zero stars isn't an option.
I have been to this bar three times now; and they have a decent selection and food is pretty good but the last two times I've been in it has been the worst service I may have ever received.
The first time I went in I was served by a very nice lady who was tentative and professional. This is apparently not the standard.
The second time I went the bartender, I believe his name was Kyle, had a group of friends at the bar nursing waters. It took a couple minutes for the bartender to show up; I had to wait for him and his friends to finish their conversation (more on that later). The first wine I asked for was a cote du Rhine which should be fairly light. Instead he gave me a Spanish blend saying it would be close. It wasn't. I later realized that he had sold me the most expensive glass on the menu. When I was finished with it I decided to switch wines to something closer to what I wanted in the first place. To get the bartender's attention I should've had some road flares. He was so engrossed in his friends that I literally had to wave at him, I'm also the only other guest in the whole place. All that said, the conversation I had to listen to was.. Less than professional.. The bartender not only divulged his sexual orientation but then went further to explain preferences.
I ordered the second glass and when I did the bartender asked me if I wanted a new glass, fairly astounded at this point I said its up to you I guess. He brought the wine and while pouring it he told me he wasn't getting me a fresh glass because he hated polishing glasses. When I asked for a third glass he had became so lazy that he had his friends deliver it to me so he wouldn't have to walk around the bar.

After such an experience I gave it a solid couple of months before trying it again, but I must be a massochist. I waited until it was a new bartender from the previous and once again the man behind the bar was much more interested in his coworkers than I, the paying guest.

I will not be back, I get better service at McDonald's and they don't even work for tips.
Nice local bar for being "local" to people in the building, with very friendly staff and good service.  The bar part was a bit small, with people at tables that probably would have rather just sat at the bar.  Prices were fairly extreme.  I went in with a friend, we had 1 beer each, and no food, and got $16.50 bill.  For 2 people having 2 draft beers after work on Friday evening before going out, was excessive.  Won't be back based on price alone.  Was "nice" but not THAT nice.
We stopped in recently for happy hour and really enjoyed ourselves.  The addition of this space to Centurion definitely makes it a little roomier.  We cozied up to the bar, enjoyed some tasty cocktails and chatted up the bartender.  All in all, a nice addition to the neighborhood!
Very enjoyable!  Drinks were tasty as was our food.  Service was a bit slow at times.  Admittedly, I was leery because we had a less than great experience at the sister facility (The Centurion) next door.
I can't accurately review this place because I didn't actually get to have a drink here, but before you call me out on TOS, let me explain. After the state fair last weekend, we tried to get a drink at Sidebar, but they were too busy and had nowhere to sit, so we decided to try to get a drink here. It was about 10pm, and this place closes at 11. We came in and the place was empty. We were told to wait a minute before sitting down, so we waited. We were then told they were closing early because of an issue with the oven and were not even given the chance to tell them we only wanted a drink. I thought this was a poor business move considering it was an hour before close, there were 4 of us, and we would have spent a decent amount of money at this bar had they let us. Anyway, don't know when we'll be back or if we'll be back, I'm sure the place is good, but I thought this was not so cool.
Ended up coming here as part of a bachelorette party. I was disappointed to see that this place is more of a restaurant than a bar atmosphere.  The dining area was very clean and quiet. The wait staff was awesome while we were there, willing to let us play our scavenger hunt madness. My cocktail was delicious.
Ended up coming here as part of a bachelorette party. I was disappointed to see that this place is more of a restaurant than a bar atmosphere.  The dining area was very clean and quiet. The wait staff was awesome while we were there, willing to let us play our scavenger hunt madness. My cocktail was delicious.
I always love trying out new little places downtown. Bar Maximus is acute little bar located inside Centurion, which is a cute little Italian restaurant in a cute little neighborhood. Add a cool patio and I'm already into this place. Unfortunately, the host almost blew the whole visit, refusing to seat us in the COMPLETELY EMPTY restaurant or patio because we had no reservations. Then, after sitting at the bar (which has like 5 seats), the bartender and waiter ignored me for what seemed like a long time. The bartender later apologized and said he didn't see me, which must have been true because he was actually a super friendly and talkative guy. 
Once we got into the menu, I started to like the place. About 6 beers on tap, almost all from AZ. $2 off during happy hour, which is 4-6 every day, I think. Great bartender. What more do you need?
Nice atmosphere and selection, but the advertised hours are somewhat unreliable. Supposedly open Tues - Sat from 3PM - 11PM, but I've been by when they're closed earlier or not open at all, so call ahead if you go to make sure they are actually open. Also tends to get a bit loud considering it's mainly a restaurant. If you sit outside on the patio, expect to be breathing a lot of other peoples' smoke since even though the whole area is less that 20 feet from the door, smoking is allowed. I'd recommend Pita Jungle which is less than 100 feet down the street.
Wings are great and have some good happy hour specials. Host was quiet and rude. Service was slow and multiple times waitress walked away while we were asking for something.Onion rings and fried were soggy and cold. Don't order them the breading is light and not like a normal onion ring. They only person doing a good job was the busser he Immediately came to table to remove baskets and trash. When the bill came there was a $.50 charge for extra wing sauce that we got on the side because the waitress warned us about the extra hot. If you say "wings are non-refundable", you shouldn't charge for a side of the extra hot sauce because you talk the customers out of extra hot.... They were not that hot.
I wasnt expecting this place to be a Fairmont reunion site, but it was a pleasant surprise, it seems like a lot of my co-workers go here, quite frequently, and it just reminds me of the local bar scene. 
The drinks are affordable, theres a smoking section on the patio (yessssssss) and the appetizers are worth trying. The service can be hit or miss, but I'll definitely be checking this place out again.
I'll go back if my friends want to have a drink but if it's to eat, no thank you.  We shared nachos and chicken skewers.  My bad that I didn't read the description of the chicken skewers--I thought it would be like satay but it was previously frozen breaded chicken fingers on a stick.  The chicken part was flavorless.  Nachos were the worst I ever had since they were all completely stuck together.  It made it hard to take some out in order to spread the toppings around--the flavor wasn't inedible but it wasn't good either.
Being in the restaurant business for over 18 years I have seen my share of bad employees and management. This place is in the top three worst places that I have been here in Phoenix. We sat on the patio for 12 minutes while four servers and a manager walked by and didn't say anything to us. I finally stopped one of the servers to get menus and she tossed them on the table as she walked by not stopping at all.  It's apparent that owners and management don't review sites like yelp or they would see that the majority of the reviews are about their horrific service. Just a heads up that the restaurant business is the "hospitality" business. They haven't figured that out here.  I won't be back!  Food is mediocre at best unless you have really low standards.
What a beer selection...35 plus on draft, 50 plus cans and bottles...that's over 85 different beers to drink. Then add a awesome burger and food selection, this place is going to rock it in old town! There are several flat screen TV's to watch all your favorite games on. The patio  (The biggest on Scottsdale road) I think, is totally awesome and inviting. If you are in old town and craving some food, this is the place to stop!
Went there for a second time 7/7/2013 Food was great, had the Turkey Burger with the home made chips really great flavor, really liked the bun the caramelized onions . Service was good, sat at the bar so I could watch tv. We can't wait for football season. So many TV's with different programs on many of them. The bar was super clean and a large open concept. Lots of bar seating and a huge patio right in the heart of old town Scottsdale. Place was super clean and that's very important to me. 
Ill be back, Place has a huge beer selection, and large draft mugs. Its tough to pick only one. (so I had 2) 
If you like booths there were lots of those too.
Just what we need, another so-called burger joint. The food here is low grade dog food.
Welcome to Old Town! What took you so long!? I've been anxiously watching the "coming soon" sign and waiting for Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers to open. Finally they did and last night we got to give it a try! This location has the sport's bar perfected. The "concept" is simple: Extensive beer list, cool drink concoctions, juicy burgers, accompanying snacks and TVs and seating everywhere you look. Throw in a spacious patio and you've got a perfect storm (in a good way). 

We stopped by around 8:30 pm on Friday night and saw that it was pretty packed so we thought we'd have to wait. However, thanks to the amount of seating they have, we didn't have to wait even a second! They seated us right away and my husband was in heaven thanks to the sports playing on the TVs everywhere we looked. 

The menu has plenty to choose from. Of course the burger is the way to go here, but they also had chicken sandwiches, wraps, salads, etc. The burger menu is long and if that's not enough, they also have a BYOB (build your own burger) option. Not feeling a burger? Give the BYOM (build your own mac n cheese) a try! First, we ordered the buffalo chicken dip. Wow. Absolutely delicious. I want to recreate this at home. It had the perfect kick to it. It came with chips, celery and carrots to dip. For the main course, I went for one of the "favorites" and got the Bacon Bleu Burger with french fries. Another wow! This burger is juicy goodness at its best. The burger is topped with bleu cheese, bacon, special mayo and caramelized onions. It is incredibly hearty and I could barely finish half. It would be easy to share. The french fries had a nice salty-peppery flavor to them. The food here is hearty and perfect if you're looking for a good All American meal. I've been wanting one of these restaurants to open in Old Town for awhile!

Before I stop, I need to talk about the drinks. They have some creative drink choices, include beer flights and a "beer and a shot" choice. For $9 you get a beer and accompanying shot pre-selected by the restaurant to compliment each other. It was a fun little activity before the meal! There are several beers on top and they also had a detailed cocktail list. 

I'll be seeing you again soon!
Stopped in for burgers before ball game. Food has good flavor meat was thick and juicy. Prices are on the higher end but would go there again when back in town.
Ordered lunch for our office (which I do everyday) which should have been fairly simple. The original person who took my order decided to pass my order off to another employee instead of putting it in themselves. This was the first mistake (hasn't anyone ever played the game telephone?)

Each order was put on a seperate check so I had to wait for them to put it all back together. Two out of the four orders I ordered were incorrect. When I brought it up, the hostess looked at me confused and I had to ask her to fix the mistakes. They then charged me an addition $2 to split a salad which I was never told prior. When I got back to the office, I realized that there were no condiments with the food, one of the mistakes was never fixed and the the plastic silverware was so cheap, why even bother giving them?

However, after waiting 10 minutes for the servers to finally ask for a manager to come help, most of the issues were rectified (putting the orders on one check and removing the $2 split charge). The food was mediocre but it's only the first month of the location being open. Hopefully they will get the hang of things and I'll come try again.
Great new burger spot in the heart of Scottsdale. I think they just opened in the beginning of July '13. I've been 3 times in the first month, and it's been better each time. The service is a little slow, but they're very nice and they made sure I got everything I wanted. I think that once they've been open a while the service will get better. The burgers were excellent each time & came out super hot.

You can make your own burgers or mac n' cheese here, and it comes out exactly how you want it. There's a big list of beers as well as you would expect from their name. There are TV's everywhere and they're all big. I will definitely be coming back here during football season.

Once this place gets their service locked in then it's a 5-star place for a bar/burger/sport type restaurant.
I went there twice already.

The first time they screw my order up so I had a regular burger with fries. (I ordered a Juicy Lucy). I also tried the asparagus. 

The burger was good although a little over cooked (I ordered it medium). The fries were good.

The asparagus were super oily and not that great.

The second time I really wanted to try the Juicy Lucy, so I ordered it again. I also ordered a side of Mac n' Cheese and the kid sliders.

They didn't ask me how I wanted my burger cooked, but it came like medium well. The cheese was a mirage and no cheese taste at all. Good meat taste but disappointing outcome with the cheese fiasco.

The mac n' Cheese was barely OK, super fatty and nothing to make me crave it ever again.

The kid sliders were a weird construction with a cold bun, cold cheese and well done patties. The cheese wasn't melted or even warm.

French fries were OK.

I would go back if I'm in the neighborhood but it's not a place that I would be craving at all.

Cheers.
Love this place. More beers than you can imagine. My burger was cooked to perfection. The wait staff was personable and attentive.
LOVE this place. I literally crave their cheeseburgers all the time.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable on their many selections of beers. Lots of TV's all over with a giant patio that I havent yet had the pleasure to sit on because it is too hot.  Definitely try this place out!
Went there for happy hour yesterday (7.26.13) and was definitely a great experience. I tried the Puerto Penasco Burger and had half fries/tots. 

I made a great choice. They also have great asparagus and tomato sides as well as the buffalo sliders which are good as well. 

Charlotte (the assistant GM) was a great host and made the experience fun and enjoyable and wanting me to come back there and try their "Build your Own Burger" on Wednesdays for $10.00 which is amazing. 

I would definitely recommend it again. 

FYI - They have over 100 different beers available as well ;)
Another place that has been on my hit list for a while now.  They have a location up in the Pinnacle Peak & Grayhawk area and when I heard they were coming down to Old Town, I had to come try it for myself. 

We walked into the joint and sat down at the bar.  The bartenders here are very friendly and helped us navigate the menu and gave us some suggestions.  We decided to order:

Hot & Smokey Mac & Cheese, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=mmielx6jnDdPHjhsRq5JTg#mmielx6jnDdPHjhsRq5JTg

Chili Mac & Cheese, $10
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=62XM74Smxg1lNsSu8nE2_g#62XM74Smxg1lNsSu8nE2_g

Cheeseburger Sliders, $9
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=hZ5V7OBUDJSOjuQEVDinLw#hZ5V7OBUDJSOjuQEVDinLw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=-Ux2s-3A70ZZzw3UulAUgg#-Ux2s-3A70ZZzw3UulAUgg

Prime Rib Sliders, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cold-beers-and-cheeseburgers-old-town-scottsdale-scottsdale?select=teUmvafQzMflGzwqB0BUxw#teUmvafQzMflGzwqB0BUxw

While we waited for the food, I ordered a pint of Lagunitas IPA, $6....one of my favorite IPA's.

The food came out a short time later.  The first thing I did was try the Hot & Smokey Mac & Cheese....and holy smokes, it was delish!  Not only that, but it really was spicy too...and smokey!  I also had a bite of the Chili Mac & Cheese...that was ridiculously good as well!

Next, I tried the Sliders....had the Cheeseburger Slider first....also very well prepared and full of flavor.  The Prime Rib Sliders were just as good and the Horseradish Sauce was a zinger that added to the flavor!  We were very impressed with this place.

After dinner we watched some baseball and had another Beer.  Good times down here...can't wait to come back.

Return Factor - 100%
I'm disappointed of this place!. We visited this bar last night because we wanted to see the UFC pay per view fight. We sat by the bar and we received a good service from the bartenders but OMG the food!, My boyfriend order a cheeseburger and it was OK (not the price though) but my Hot dog (Tijuana Torpedo) right, was Horrible! Cold bread, bacon was overcooked and cold, not enough onions I just didn't like it at all! Do not order this!..I may comeback only for drinks but the food in my opinion it was overpriced and bad. The patio is nice.
I am so glad there's a great bar in this spot!  I recently stopped in for happy hour with some friends.  They kept talking about the Build Your Mac n' Cheese.  They have a great beer selection on tap and in bottles.  Happy Hour specials include reduced rates on beer, well drinks and some appetizers.  The Hummus & Pita plate and Grilled Asparagus was a greater starter.  

By the recommendation of the Bartender, I went with the Golden Mustard Grilled Drummettes.  OMG so delicious! Best combination of sweet and spicy.  Another bonus: you get Blue Cheese dressing.  The BYOB Mac n' Cheese options are amazing.  Not only does it come with American, Pepper Jack and Provolone, but you can add another cheese.  They have several meat options such as Bacon, Ground Chuck and Chicken.  

This will be a great place to watch sports.  They have so many TVs it's hard to focus on one screen.  I cannot wait to come back and check out the huge patio.  This will be a great spot for some day drinking.
They have a good beer selection and burgers and fries are awesome. will definitely go back. Service at the bar was good. Patio for when the weather cools down should be a nice draw.
a large group of us went for a birthday dinner on a Friday night .... you would think between the number of people (12) and the time of day/week (Friday at 6 pm), the service would be horrible or food lousy or SOMETHING but that wasn't the case at all!! The service was great and the food was amazing .... I had the cheeseburger sliders and tastes of the chili tots.  So good!! Plus, their happy hour specials are really great too! I highly recommend :)
Just tried this place today for lunch and I was impressed.

First off, they have an excellent beer selection with a lot of local beers. I could come here for the beer alone.

That said, the food was excellent as well. My girlfriend and I both ordered burgers. She had the mac and cheese burger and I had the steakhouse truffle burger. The flavor combinations were excellent on both. The onion rings were also really good. The only small imperfection was the temperature. We both ordered medium and hers was slightly below medium while mine was slightly above. Notice I said slightly. They were both still cooked within an acceptable range for us, but something to consider if you are really picky about such things.

Expect to pay a little more than you are used to for a burger. That said, the food is worth it and the portion sizes are big.

Originally, I was torn between the chili mac and the burger. I was happy with the burger, but after tasting the mac on my girlfriends burger, I will be coming back soon for that chili mac.

Last, but not least, the service was great. It wasn't very busy, so I can't say what it is like when it is, but our server was very friendly and helpful. She seemed very enthusiastic about the restaurant, the food and making sure we were happy.

Four stars for a first visit is the most I will give any place, but if subsequent visits are as good as the first, this will definitely be a five star.
We were in on a slow Tuesday and bellied up to the bar for a late lunch.Big space lots of T.V.s. Decent beer selection including west coast breweries and local...which I appreciate. Our server was prompt and attentive
To break it down we ordered:
Buffalo chicken dip(it was meh probably wouldn't order again)--$9
Truffle Burger(deliciouso!!!) $13
Prime dip(another winner) $14
We did have an unintentional discrepency on our bill which we were overcharged. After speaking with one of the managers Charlotte she quickly handled the issue.
All in all nothing beats a cold beer and burger. I'm sure we will be back.
Big fan of Kelsey the bartender. Hard to watch a game when she is behind the bar. Great selection of beers - I actually got a Coconut Porter in a can for 5 bucks and the place was only less than half full at 8pm on a Monday night. The bar is huge, so seating should never be an issue. I knew it was MacDaddy Monday and ordered the mac and cheese and loaded on the toppings which are unlimited on Monday for 10 bucks. Think I threw in about 6 vegetables, some ground chuck and two items that i threw in were left out as well (avocado and blue cheese). It was a pretty big portion as I managed to have leftovers and the food was very tasty and cheesy, even the bread crumb topping was working well that night. Will have to try the burgers, but at least I got that mac and Cheese craving out of the way.
TVs galore!  Doesn't matter where you sit in this place, you'll be sure to see a TV screen or 2 or 7. There's no big post or wall that'll block your view.   If you're a huge sports fan, you'll definitely appreciate this place.  

Ordered:  Classic Chili Cheese Tots-Chos - we ordered the half size, which looks like a full order to me. We only finished half the plate.  The tatter tots were crispy and the chili was flavorful.   Cheeseburger sliders - Good and just the perfect size, so you can just eat one or two of the three and not feel too guilty about previously stuffing your face with the appetizers.

Overall I'm very impress with this place and will definitely be back on a Football Sunday to check out the lineup they'll have on screen.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch really excited because of the huge beer selection and the buffalo chicken dip.  I had never seen buffalo chicken dip on a menu before, but I make it at home all the time and I had to see how it would compare.  The dip was super dry.  It was like someone took some chicken and the cheapest hot sauce they could find and put it into a food processor.  Not good.  They did have good chips though.  
The beer flights were predetermined, but I would love to see a "build your own".  I also thought the service was super slow and my friends DIY bloody mary was served in a tiny glass with so much vodka there was no room for all the toppings (it was something like 10 bucks too).  Overall not worth the money.  There are just too many interesting food spots there to waste your time on mediocre food even with the extensive beer selection.
Nice setting in Scottsdale. Nice beer selection although they were out of Shandy for my lite beer flight. Actually went veggie burger. It was OK, sorry I gave up meat for a while now. The onion rings were slammin'
Second time here and I still haven't tried the burgers. They looked pretty decent coming out, but I don't like the knife stabbed through the burger. I'm too old school to cut my burger in half - please. This was a decent happy hour with about 7 beers on special and one rotating one (hibiscus today..too weird to try). The tap on Mr. Pineapple went bad after my first draft, but it was only $4 for some craft beers, which is an average deal. In a perfect world, all domestics would be $2 and craft beers and imports all $3. Anyway, the $5 pretzels were amazing with a tasty, but not hot pepper cheese sauce on the side. Huge, buttery and salty - these were a $2 savings on regular price (1 for $5). Very good appetizer and there were about 6 others on the $5 app menu. Most save you about three dollars and there is a $7.50 burger on that menu too. The lowest priced regular burger is 10 bucks. Always a good staff as well and volume on the football game.
I love this place!  Great burgers and tater tots, a ton of beer selections on tap and great service.  Their patio facing Scottsdale Rd is a fun place to hang out and they have so many TVs you could probably watch every football game being played at one time on Sundays.
Food is awesome and atmosphere is great! 
Had the staple Mac and Cheese it was creamy and delicious! 1000 island burger is incredible! Will definitely be back again and again!
Great place to watch a game but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Service great, lots of TVs, and good drink selection. However all the food we ordered tastes like it had just taken a salt bath. If we go back, it will be after we've had dinner somewhere else.
This place is amazing! Top notch burgers, amazing Mac n Cheese, a whole slew of great beers, and a ton of big screen TVs! On top of that, service is EXCELLENT, as is the management! Servers are free to wear whatever sports team's apparel they choose, adding to the melting pot experience that is Old Scottsdale. I recommend this place to anyone who wants a good solid burger or sandwich, a good beer, and a great place to unwind on the patio under the cooling misters. Prices aren't bad either, especially for the experience. I WILL be back!
Tried this place after a recommendation. Went to the one up north but that was closed but to check out the one in old town (website didn't mention construction and that the old town was coming soon).
We ordered two burgers medium rare. A food runner came out and set our orders on the table with no word and a grumpy face.  Our burgers were well done. We would have complained if our server ever actually came around to see how we were doing. We were too hungry so we ate the burgers regardless. I would say they were average nothing too exciting. 
As we were almost finished the server finally came around to bring us a condiment tray saying "sorry you never got one guess its too late huh."  
For two beers and two burgers and no refills on our waters at almost $38 I'd say its definitely not worth it. The only good part was the beer and the fact they came out quickly. 
If you're going to be a burger joint and have a graphic representation of burger temps on your menu your cooks better know how to cook a burger.
Decided to meet up with some friends. Grabbed an outside table. 

Layout/Design: 4/5. I would have given it a 5, there were a few areas that seemed unfinished. I did greatly appreciate the Steelers themed items (yes I am a Steelers fan). When I asked the server "why Steelers / Pittsburger" she had no clue. [The Owner Is A Fan - KNOW IT!!!!!!!!]  

Drinks: Only had a beer since I was doing the burger challenge [yes a challenge]

Food: 4/5. I did the Burger Challenge. The basic is 3 x 1/2lb patties. I am gluten intolerant, so I had to do 4 patties (no but) thus a 2lb burger.  I ordered it medium-rare. Here is the catch, you have 3.5 minutes to kill it. I dove into it wrong. I chopped it all up then tried to scoop it down with a fork! NO BAD BAD BAD. just go patty after patty. I got through half my plate and said F-this with 20 secs left. (it cooked up great with eggs in the morning). 

I sampled other items around the table and was please with them all.

Service: 4/5. Because there was a shadow (server in training), we had a couple hickups with the 2 servers and MOD. But all in all pretty good.

Atmosphere: 3.5/5. Actually I would give it a 4.5 depending on day and time. I like the chill vibe of the place, great mist system that surrounds the patio and truly creates a cooldown. 

Cool things:  The BYOB/BYOMC (build your own burger & build your own mac and cheese) Yes, there is a great paper slip you can fill out and select all the things you want on your burger or mixed in your mac and cheese. Great idea!!  And the prices are clearly stated so you don't feel like you just grabbed your ankles upon receiving the bill.

We will be back. Thanks for: Good Food, Chill Vibe, Cleanliness and Friendliness.
Good burgers and more. Kind of loud music, had to ask to turn down. Plenty of burgers to choose from making you come back. ToT Nachos are good & satisfy  your craving. Ring of Fire burger good if you like your burger w/ a kick of spice. Looks like they're planning to expand concept as this new location seems kinda corporate. lots of big screen TVs surrounding the place. Good for people watching.
We were lured into trying out Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers by their buy one get one free National Cheeseburger Day deal.  The burgers were ok at best and waaaayyyyy over priced for what they were.

The BBQ sauce is not good.  It has some weird vinegary taste and is super watery.  I had t o spend $2 extra for a pathetic side salad that was likely straight out of a bag.

I had to basically build my custom burger because they didn't have a guacamole bacon burger on the menu.  The equivalent burger at Rehab Burger Therapy is $12 and included sweet potato tots with all the (good) sauces you can dream of.  This crappy burger was smaller and ended up being $16.50 and tasted no different than those pre packaged costco patties.

I've learned my lesson and won't be cheating on Rehab anymore.
The location and patio are great but I had poor service. We had to go find our own napkins and silverware. Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time not refilling our drinks. The food took an hour to get out to us and was poorly put together. Overall I was disappointed.
I feel like this place just raped my day. The waitress obviously doesn't know how to do her job due to the lack of customer service and understanding that she actually have to check up on the tables she is serving. When we asked to speak to the manger she seemed more perplex by the English language than comprehending our compliant. Food was crappy and falling apart. The only good thing about this restaurant is the UofA flag hanging outside, do not come here.
For a place that specializes in burgers I was expecting more. After waiting an hour for our meal, the beef burgers were eh, OK, and the veggie burger was unappetizing--all rice, falling apart, and bland. I needed a fork to eat a burger. The waitress stopped by a total of 6 times in a 2 hour period. I will not be coming back to this over priced waiting lounge.
Limited menu, poor service, poor service....did I say poor service?  Could not beg a waitress for help on Sunday afternoon, they were about 3/4 full, not packed by any means.  Finally got someone to bring me a drink after about 30 mins.  Lots of empty tables for the 90 mins we were there but they were all "reserved".  No one actually ever sat in those seats, when we left the place was pretty empty.  Accidentally ran my card for $250 and my actual $20 bill.  Could not get anyone on the phone today for help.  Been calling all day.  Regardless, when a place is run this poorly on the front end, no way its being run well behind the scenes.  Food selection was plain, no signature dish to come here for.  My burger and pretzels were average for bar food.  You wanna watch a game or have a nice evening out, plenty of better places in old-town.
I've been here twice already and have had a great experience both times.

For National Cheeseburger Day they had 2-for-1 cheeseburgers!  Their burgers are very tasty.  They're a little on the pricey side (around $12 each), but very good.

They also have an amazing Mimosa deal on the weekends.  Buy 1 for $10, and every Mimosa after that is only $1 each.

This is a welcome addition to the Old Town Scottsdale area.
A welcome surprise in Old Town for those that like beer and sports. Great beer selection for those that know what they want. I wouldn't count on the staff to be very helpful with the craft selections. Lots of TV's...not a bad seat in the house. They could lose the announcer/DJ...he sounds cheesy. Kind of like a strip club or so I've been told. ;)
I am a fan. The cheeseburgers are fantastic, the beer is super cold, and the service is reasonable. The atmosphere is bright and open with plenty of TVs and a large patio. The location is also superb with countless nightlife options within walking distance. Ice buckets built into the tables is a neat idea.
Great patio and restaurant for big groups. They also have a lot of TVs for people who want to watch football. My burger and sweet potato tots were really good. I'm not sure the name of the burger I had maybe the truffle burger? Everyone that ate a burger in my group enjoyed it. I will definitely be back for another adult milkshake, the oreo milkshake with vodka and baileys is addicting, you could taste the alcohol just enough but it wasn't overpowering. I will definitely be back!
I don't care how "cool" a place looks, if you can't teach your staff that good service is one of the most important tools to success, you will surely sink!! 
I wanted to like this place... the name has a fun ring to it, the inside-outside bar is especially nice, an abundance of flat screen t.v.'s adorn the walls perfect for watching sports, HOWEVER,  our bartender was clearly "somewhere else" when it came to quality service. The food, mediocre at best. I sent 1/2 my plate back due to a poorly done burger. The bartender never even bothered asking if something was wrong?  I don't mind shelling out $$ when it comes to food, but when you're delivering an item for $12-$14 (includes a side for $2 mark-up) and it tastes worse then the Denny's down the street, something has to be said.
I wish these guys the best, but it would be nice to see some changes made.
Back for a Thursday football game and place was jammed. Had a date coming and staff was nice and let me have big booth. Too bad she showed up an hour late and left 15 minutes later, but I had football and baseball to keep me occupied. It was great attentive service and then I tried the $5 happy hour tots deal which was loaded with chili and other good, but bad for you toppings. Pretty filling, but then also had the grayhawk to go...basically turkey club, but sandwich style. Turkey was good quality. Bacon was good...mayo..sourdough. .the usual suspects. Worth the $10 I suppose. Next time will finally have to try a burger.
This place was packed on a Thurs night. A couple groups and about 25 tv's. The food service was quick and our burger and frys plate was big enough to feed both me and my husband; along with a couple of beers we were perfectly full. Nice patio as well to enjoy the AZ weather.
Food was ok - except for the green tomatos but the service was just blah.....nothing really wrong but just not fun. Maybe on a football night. Interesting thing with the tator tots and chili - the guac seemed like it was from a can.
Grayhawk location review.  Please keep in mind we're talking about a beer and cheeseburger place, not a fine dining restaurant.  It does rate the 4 stars for what it aims to be.  My friend had a Cobb salad and she is the "connoisseur of Cobbs". Husband had chicken sandwich which he pronounced very good.  I had veggie burger and it was so good I inquired from where they purchased them.  The GM (Luis) actually came out and sat with us and told us that they are made in house and also was forthcoming in telling us about the restaurant. Service is casual but IT'S A BEER AND HAMBURGER PLACE!  If you want someone to fold your napkin & replace it when you get up to go the bathroom, you're in the wrong place.
It has the feel of a neighborhood gathering place and is family friendly but not overrun with unruly children. Patio on a side of Grayhawk without a lot of traffic and bar opens to the outside on one side. Food is good & prices comparable to other establishments in this category. Please, try it as I would like to see them stay here. You can look at menu on line, there's a little something for everyone.
My first time to Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers. I enjoyed it overall. They have a great patio. It's a great place for watching a game.  I was there with some gals for Happy Hour and to watch the Cardinals baseball game.  I ordered a margarita. The server, Brittany, said they have a skinny margarita which was fine with me. She brought it to me and this margarita looked dark and brown not the typical yellow/lime and goldish color. I always drink margaritas, there was no chance this was a margarita.  It had no tequila in there, it tasted like there was whisky in it. All the other ladies at the table tasted it and thought the same thing, this was no margarita. I told the server about it, she said it was a pre-made mix.  That's fine with me if it's a pre-made skinny margarita mix, it just needs to have tequila in it.  She was apologetic, I told her it wasn't her fault and she didn't make it. Brittany took it off the bill and I got a glass of wine.  We ordered a cheeseburger off the HH menu and got The Staple Mac n Cheese, both were amazing.  I'm looking forward to going back for great food, amazing service and the fun atmosphere.
Juicy Lucy is my tie for best burger in Scottsdale next to rehab burger therapy in old towns mcgnarly burger. The fries are better at cbcb and they have more beer so that's a big plus.
I didn't love it the burger was so so the bread tasted stale. The service was bad real bad she seemed annoyed when I asked a question about 1 of the beers.  I think maybe she didn't want to work or was having a shitty day.  Go to rehab burger down the street wayyyyyy better.  Gave it two stars(generously) because good atmosphere game volume was on. The hostess didn't even say bye when we left she was just texting not even looking up.  Good luck surviving in Old Town CB & CB. Teach your staff MANAGER!!
Love this place! It has so many beers on tap and the food is amazing! Happy Hour is the best here and I believe it is until 7. Can't wait to go back!
I had never heard of this place till I purchased a groupon. We will deff be going back. The food is amazing!! They have so many different kids of burgers you can choose from, great fries and even more amazing milkshakes. Oh and you can get adult milkshakes, which go amazing with any if their cheeseburgers.
If you have "cheeseburger" in the name of your business... You should probably be good at making a cheeseburger..  Over cooked, stale bun and waaaaay over priced... Never going back.
The food is good, but not the service.  Went for lunch and waited way too long for our food. The waitress never refilled our drinks.  When we finished our meal she continued setting the tables and did not bring our check.   Finally after waiting for 20 minutes, I walked up to the bartender and manager for the check.   Btw, they went chatting and laughing the whole time and could care less about customers needs.  Not a fan of this place!
The atmosphere was nice, the inside, patio and bar area was fun but the prices were very high and the food was mediocre at best... they had a large beer selection but you can almost go anywhere for that.
I really wanted to like this place. I really did. 

I went here on a Thursday night with the boyfriend. It was busy, but not busy enough to warrant us being forgotten about for 25 minutes after being seated. Now, you'd think that after a server forgot about a table, they'd do their best to be on top of service: not the case. We saw our waitress one more time to ask how our food was, but she was gone before we could answer. We had to grab another waitress to get our check because after an hour and a half of being here, we wanted to go home. We had finished our food long ago. A different waitress happy got our check and apologized for the bad service. That's why this place got any stars for my vote. 

If only the food was good. Nope. Boyfriend's cheeseburger was chewy and unseasoned. Mine would have been okay if it had been seasoned at all and the patty hadn't been burned. Boyfriend said his was burned as well. 

It was too loud to hear yourself, let alone your attending party. Disadvantage. 

Honestly, this made me sad. I'm hopeful that it was the high bustle of the night that made our experience so terrible. I'm hesitant to give it another try. Sad.
I enjoy the food here greatly - wings, tot-chos, and a good beer selection. The service can be severely hit or miss. Expect the worst and be happy if it's any better.
Well, it has been a few months, and I have been back here a handful of times. I have now tried a few of the burgers, a couple different mac and cheeses (including the chili mac), and the parmesan truffle fries. Everything has been really great. I think my favorites are the chili mac and the steakhouse burger so far.

The service, however, has been hit or miss. Nothing horrible, but never as good as my first visit. We have had a couple less than attentive servers and there was one visit where the music from the kitchen was loud enough to be annoying, but mostly because it was clashing with the music they were playing in the dinning area. Like I said, not horrible, but not great.

With that said, the food and beer are great, but the inconsistent service won't let me justify changing my review to a 5. I would give the food a 4.5 and the service a 3.5 if it were possible to break it down like that.
Love it here! Best Sunday Funday Spot!
way too expensive and their service is horrible it took me an hour and a half to get a cheese burger,never again
Went here for the first time a week ago.  Got sat right away on a busy Saturday night even though they were pretty packed.  We ordered drinks and the waitress looks at my ID and says "wow you are old.  I mean that in a good way because you don't look that old."  Hmmm...  really?  Anyway, the food was really good, the drinks were good, and we enjoyed our meal.  So all in all it was a good experience.
I have tried really hard to like this place!!! Location and the patio are fabulous but that's is as far as the fabulous goes. Have been here three times and every time it got consistently worse! First time it took 25 min and 3 servers to get a second glass of wine. Food was terrible and was sent back after looking at it! I ordered their fancy grilled cheese which came cold with half ingredients missing and looked like a 5 yearold made it! Second time we came the serve asked for drink order came back twenty min later we still didn't have drinks and came by asking if we were ready to order drinks to which we replied we already did at that point she realized that she forgot to put the order in.  We were understanding since it was first week of football and they were busy.third time must have been the worse. We ordered wings as an app and they actually would have tasted great if they were hot. They were barely warm and looked like they sat in the kitchen forgotten for awhile. We had to wait at least 25 min for drinks and that's even if the waitress asked if we needed more. Each time she would come around she would ask one person without looking around and asking the others if they needed anything. We finally ordered food and one of the items was completely wrong. The serve told the girl she will take off the bill then came back and said her manage didn't approve the comp and was just going to change the price to the item she got!!!! Are you serious??? At this point the whole table was so upset about the whole experience that we asked tho see the manager. He was very apologetic and comped the whole bill after making excuses about the whole situation. Shocking we still went back(due to some friends wanting to check the place out) and this is why this review is 2 stars and not 1. We got the same serve as last time which was awkward at first but she definitely redeemed her self and was on top of her game. The manager remembered us and got us a round of drinks and asked how everything was. I am hoping that they are on the right track and that the service continues getting better and hopefully the managers continue execute great customer service. I will continue editing this review to higher stars if they continue doing a great job.
Definitely recommend the Rocky Point and Speedy Gonzales burgers.
Really great atmosphere. Has a bunch of good quality HDTVs. Great place to watch a game and eat some bar food. There is a huge selection of really unique burgers on the menu. They also have a huge section of burgers. The burger was good, not extremely good though.
I didn't really like this place. They have a good selection of beers and food, but I tried their hummus and was very disappointed. I don't think it is difficult to make hummus and it's usually a pretty safe choice at bars, but not at this one. 

Their burgers or mac and cheese seems like the bigger hits at this place.

This is a very typical bar, I don't really feel like it has anything special and I won't be going back.
The chicken strips were pitiful! $8 for 4 tiny kid size strips! You are better off ordering off of the kids menu... Same amount of strips + fries for only $6. Their drinks were awesome, great burgers, lousy hummus! Enjoy!
If you need a cold beer and a cheeseburger while watching a game, this is surely your spot. Each time I've been in, I sat at the bar. Bartenders are all friendly and don't leave you waiting too long before filling up an empty beer glass. What I have noticed though is that nobody runs bar food. If you order something from the bar, make sure you check the time and ask for it every five minutes. Otherwise, the bartenders forget to check on your food. 

This last time, we waited nearly 30 minutes for food. Didn't think a whole lot of it since the place was a little busy. But our entrees were clearly sitting under the heat lamp for a while. Bottom buns on our burgers were super soggy, while the tops were dried to a crisp. Maybe you get quicker food service by sitting at a table. As for the bar though, I'll just stick to beer, not food.
CBAC is just ok.. The prices are high, but it is in old town and you do pay for the atmosphere.. Aside from that, the burger was great. I had the Jucy Lucy and it was stuffed with different cheeses.. The tater-tot nachos were pretty good too. The beer selection is good as far as craft beers go, but these days you can get a beer selection pretty much anywhere. Overall, it was decent but not worth the prices.
Michigan fans beware!! This is a Buckeye-owned bar - don't be surprised if you come in wearing maize and blue and your food tastes a little funny. :)
My mother and I came here for lunch yesterday. 

We walked in and settled into a booth. We were given menus by a greeter instantly. About 10 minutes roll by and still no server gave us any recognition. However, we did see servers attending other tables around us. Finally, we were able to get the attention of the greeter to tell her a server had not come yet. She acted as if surprised and said she would find one. She came back and apologized and said there was some sort of confusion with the servers but someone would be on there way. A few minutes later a server came and took our drink and food order. Mom ordered the Prime Rib Dip and tater tots. It was $2 extra to substitute tots for fries. I ordered the Bacon Bleu Burger (medium) and onion rings (again $2 extra). The menu had a nice variety of food selections. The grilled aspargus appetizer looked interesting. I would have ordered it had I been a bit hungrier. (Next time I will.) The mac & cheese choices made me salivate. I absolutely love mac & cheese! The gentleman behind us was enjoying a huge bowl of it and it smelled good. That will be another item I will have to try.While waiting for our meal we observed a Bloody Mary stand. It seems the server brings you a glass full of ice and pours the vodka into it at your table. Then you proceed to the Blood Mary stand where they have about 20 different condiments to add to your vodka. One condiment that grabbed our eye was bacon slices. Pretty neat idea, ... adding bacon to your Bloody Mary. It did take some time for our meal to arrive to our table. My mom even had to ask the server "How much longer?" because of the time that had passed. (The restaurant was not filled. Still empty tables.) After about 25 to 30 minutes our food arrived. Mmmmm Mmmmm... the smell of a freshly grilled hamburger. It was dressed with a bountiful amount of bacon and cheese and topped with onion, tomato, and lettuce. I bit into it and savored HEAVEN! Prepared to a perfect medium and juicy.     My onion rings were a bit too crunchy to the point where the roof of my mouth got a bit tore up from the crisp breading. My mother's Prime Rib Dip was very good. The shaved beef was tender and flavorful. The au jus may have had a touch too much salt in it but still added a nice dipping juice to the sandwich. Mom and I ordred iced teas with our meals. The iced teas were refreshing. They were not your typical Lipton Orange Pekoe. Instead they had a fruity/floral taste. Nice change! In case other consumers are wondering about prices, our bill was $33.00 for 2 sandwiches and 2 teas.

I wish I could give 5 stars but I had to deduct. I deducted one star for the delay of service upon arrival and one star for the length of receiving our meal. I will definitely come back because the food was delicious. Hopefully, on my next visit I will update the review with a 4 star or 5 star. I do recommend trying this restaurant.
Super fun place to watch any sports! Great beer selections!!!! They have some pretty cool beer flights options too! Gotta try it! Had the thousand island burger, it was great! Really juicy and moist. The onion rings were good. Will be back!
This place is pretty fun! The staff can get a little forgetful and zone out a little, but they are pretty upbeat. Why not 4 stars, it's a bit pricey for a burger/bar joint. I unfortunately didn't order a burger, I just ordered mozzarella sticks to munch on, while my friend ordered a full meal. The mozzarella sticks were pretty decent, I usually say motsy sticks can be determined by the marinara sauce, if you have good marinara you have good motzy sticks. Their sauce was pretty decent for a burger place, not bad at all! I have to say I wish I did get a burger, for my friend ordered their BBQ/Bacon burger and it was pretty delicious! Im not a fan of BBQ, but this burger wasn't overpowered with the BBQ sauce. The BBQ taste was a good flavor that added to the burger, bacon and cheese! Gave it a nice little kick! Food was good, staff was decent, stays pretty busy on the weekends and the prices are a little high, but you have to kind of expect that for they are right there in Old Town Scottsdale. Old Town seems to have little higher prices then other restaurants down the streets. Overall A-OK place!
We came back again. But this time Mom and I brought 2 of my other sisters along. I had higher expectations for my second visit. NOPE. I did order the Grilled Asparagus which I wanted to try from my last visit. What a disappointment! I received 6 very thin and shriveled spears. SIX! The flavor was good but definitely not worth the 7 or 8 bucks I spent on it. I was expecting big thick plump spears and more than 6. That is highway robbery and only reflects greed upon investors/management. I don't mind spending 12 dollars for a burger because they are flavorful, juicy, and worth the money. But the Grilled Aspargus experience has really turned me off and put negative thoughts in my mind about the people behind Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers. Once again, it took forever for us to receive our check. Pretty sure we won't return.
Great beer selection and staff.  The bartenders are attentative and friendly and their sunday bloody mary bar is something else.  A great place to watch any type of sporting events since they have almost 20 TVs surrounding you.  Their outdoor patio is awesome.
Great food and amazing beer selection!! Quick service, plenty of seating both inside and outside, and decent pricing.
The entire place was packed so we were worried about service. To the contrary our bar tender/server "Zack R" who was pretty much serving the entire bar and restaurant, was super attentive with extensive beer knowledge. We went around the world in a few pint glasses accompanied by a delicious "Tijuana dog". If ever in doubt, sit at the bar and be wowed.
Bartenders do a great job to make sure you're happy, and the beer selection is great. Feel free to try a few. Highly recommend asking what's new, as the list seems to rotate and the bartenders know it well
Tried this place with my dad good atmosphere decent tater tots service was not so good a lot of people working they just don't seem to do the team thing very well took forever to have our order taken. I ordered my burger medium rare it came out med med well they took it back to re make it the second time it came out medium.. If you are a burger place and offer different temps you should know how to cook all the temps. My dads soda got one fill because the lack of service and burgers are mediocre.. As I would like to think it was just a bad night I will try them again sometime hopefully it won't be as disappointing. If only there was a stout burgers and beer in AZ  ....
Came here this past Sunday for game-day and while I expected any bar/restaurant to be crowded on that day, this place was pretty insane. Not to mention, the acoustics are awful in the place. You had to literally shout at your bartender/waitress and even the person sitting next to you.

I will probably come back on an off-game day for late lunch or happy hour to get a better feel but my first impression was "meh".  

Oh, and $7 for a fireball shot? Who are you kidding?!
Meh. The service is never good here, and I've been 3 times. It always seems like it's the server's first day on the job. Here's what I mean:

The last time, I went with my boyfriend and his out-of-town friend. We ordered a round of drinks on a Saturday afternoon. I asked our waitress for a vodka-soda. She replied with, "you need to tell me what kind of vodka you want."

I responded with "ok, do you have Tito's?"

And her response: "I have no idea."

So I said, well if you do I'll have that, if not I'll just take whatever you have."

That's only one example; trust me, there have been many. But the food is not very good either, which is really the downer. Their burgers are pretty good, which is good because it's their namesake. But everything else (namely their appetizers) is dry and gross.

I want to like this place because it's such a great location and AWESOME patio, but no.
the cook on the burgers is soo off, service is slow. It is wayyy too busy for the quality of the food and service. 

Don't think i'd come back
To preface this, we have come to Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers about 8 times now. Maybe half of which were to watch a sporting event and the other half to hang out with friends and family. 

First off, the name tells you exactly what you're getting. Cheeseburgers and cold beer, which I haven't had a bad burger or warm glass of beer there yet, so they are definitely living up to their name. However, if you feel like getting wild, the Buffalo Chicken Dip is freaking delicious. 
Aside from the awesome food, the service has always been awesome for us. Between the locations at Greyhawk and Old Town, we have never had a bad service experience. Special kudos go to the Old Town location though, because every bartender interaction we have ever had there has always been positive.. particularly with Scott and Jaclyn (Jacqueline? not sure if I spelled her name correctly) but regardless, they are both badass. 

In summary, good food, great people, fun times... this place rocks.
WORST SERVICE IVE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. I had to chase down waiters  to get water, menu, order and get my check. I might as well have made my own food.
I had the All American Burger for happy hour and it was Excellent!  The staff was extremely knowledgeable and all were very friendly and helpful.  I will be coming here for sure to satisfy my next burger craving.!
3.5 stars 4 for sports bar. 
Friendly staff good wings burger.. It's a sports bar for god sake..
My husband and I dropped by Scottsdale Arizona on the way back to California and found this restaurant. There happened to be a parade taking place that same day so it was pretty crowded. They have a patio sitting area looking out into the streets. Perfect spot for the parade.
They specialize in burgers and beer. They have an option to build your own burger.
Good variety of beer to chose from. Here's our comments on specific dishes:

1) Asian Chicken salad - I love peanut sauce and bits of fried wonton skin so it totally worked out for me. They didn't over kill on the dressing so I would highly recommend the salad.

2) The Staple Mac & Cheese - They used three different types of cheese and it mixed together very well. It was probably one of the best I've had. Server was right about it still being good after you reheat in the Microwave. They used thin curly noodles and topped off with some bread crumbs!! YUMMY!!! =)

3) Bacon Blue cheeseburger - Burger was good and the portion was big enough that you almost need fork and knife. I'm not a big blue cheese burger fan however my husband enjoyed it. He was only able to finish half. 

Great place to hang out with friends and watch the game!

Remember to check in to get $5 off... =)
Way overpriced for mediocre food.  Service, eh.
I'm giving this place 3 stars because it didn't let me down, but it also didn't impress me. They have the Sonoran White Chocolate Ale on tap, which is my favorite beer of all time, so I give them some credit for having a good local beer selection. Overall, I liked the space, the patio is huge and great for warm days/nights. I wanted to sit outside, but I came with a larger group, 8 of us, and we were fortunate enough to find a table inside to accommodate us right before the UA v ASU basketball game. I ordered the CB&CB burger which was good, but doesn't rank as one of the best burgers I've ever had, but I would come back to grab a Sonoran Ale and watch another game.
The name draws me in, but the food makes me question my decision. The bun got destroyed in the process of being eaten, which is a major no-no. When the bun requires me to break out the knife and fork to eat a burger...you know where this goes.

Kudos for offering some local beers -- I just hope they drop the Bud Light, Coors Light, Corona Light, etc. and really commit to local and craft beers and spirits. 

I'd go back, but I'd really like to see CB&CB evolve and become something great. Paint the walls and add something behind the TVs, drop the crap beer and fix up the menu. You can do it - I believe in you, CB&CB.
The beer selection was nice, and the tvs were plentiful. It was a good place to watch a game. The food was a bit lacking in my opinion. I ordered a grilled cheese (which is pretty hard to do wrong) and the bread was barely toasted, and the cheese was a weird consistency. It seems like the best dishes here are tater tots and Mac and cheese, which is disappointing for a place with "cheeseburger" in the name. The menu is all pretty heavy, and I wouldn't suggest it to someone wanting a light, healthy meal.
Really bad service. no longer offering brunch. not sure why i would ever come here again. really disappointed.you have been warned. They could have at least offered us a discount considering such a poor experience but not so much.
As the name implies this place specializes in cold beer and cheeseburgers.  The happy hour specials feature local AZ brews and apps for $5 and less.  I love the selection of draft beers and the burgers.  The pittsburgher was great as well as the bbq cheddar burger.  I also had the spicy home made chips which were great to munch on while deciding what to order.  I found their prices to be reasonable especially for old town Scottsdale.  Next time I am in AZ I will have dinner there.  The service has been decent (although not mind blowing) and I prefer sitting outside on the patio to the inside of the restaurant.
They don't do brunch anymore unfortunately but the food was awesome! Service was amazing (our waitress was Alyssa)! I'll definitely keep going back!
I love this place, the burgers are always perfect. My favorite has to be the ring of fire burger. It definitely has a good kick to it so you gotta like spicy food, but its awesome. They have some hells fire chips too which are great for an appetizer. Great list of beers and they have a ton of TV if your tryina catch a game or two. The place itself is fun you have the option of sitting outside if its not boiling outside, but luckily it is covered so on a good day there is a nice breeze. If you haven't come here before you have to try it.
From the front door, to the table the service was top notch! Everyone was warm and welcoming!  The burgers here are superb and I highly recommend the steak butter topping to any burger you may order.. it's $2.00 but a tasty treat worth every penny!

You can make your own burgers with their simple ordering sheets.  One of my favorite features is the open design.  on a warm day you can sit there and feel a breeze blow by, or sit in the back in a booth. 

Tons of beer selections!

Cant wait to go back for lunch or dinner!
Slowest place ever. waited over an hour for appetizers. My buddy went to loco patron next door and got tacos before the apps came out. He showed up about 30 mins after we got here too. First app that showed up was an app we put it after the complete order was place. Their excuse was that its a very easy app to make. He then went and got another set of tacos before the entrees came out. Finished eating the second set of tacos and "fast app" still isn't out. Entrees came out at room temp not even hot as if it was fresh off the grill ect. Very very very disappointed if I could give no stars I would give no stars. Still sitting here waiting for the app to come out that's suppose to be a "fast app" ridiculous!!!!!
Tony the bartender is a cool guy!
Thought I had left this review already but I guess not.

Its basically like eating at 7/11
We really liked this place. It is good for BEER and CHEESEBURGERS. The burgers are good, ALMOST as good as REHAB. It is much more sportsy-lively and loud. SF fan crowds can make it hard to get a good seat. We got the Philly and and custom. The fries are good, slaw was eh. But the burgers and beer were both good, hence the stars. Lots of beers on tap, LOTS. Waitress was cute and peppy but would disappear for extended periods, I will not yet judge them on this becasue it seemed she had a busy table inside. Best thing is the handy CUSTOM ORDERING sheets to get what you want on your burger. They have several types of bread, lots of cheese selections and everything else is there too. Just dont go durng a game, unless you want to yell over the "WHOOPS".
Amazing drinks, service, atmosphere,  very friendly staff way better then Bandera! Come here and enjoy!
Have never eaten here before but was in the area looking for lunch. Place was busy as it is Spring Training time in AZ but we got lucky and grabbed a couple of seats at the bar. Tried 2 of their "FAV" burgers, the Rocky Point and the Blue Cheese burger (not the official name but I can't remember it). Both were amazing. The burger itself was great before even getting into toppings or the brioche bun. I will definitely be back. Oh yeah and the beer was cold too.
Went last night and decided to eat here because my party could not agree on food so the compromise was burgers. We decided to eat outside which got a little chilly but our waitress turned on the heater when we asked.

The food was good. We had 2 cobb salads, sliders, veggie burger, rocky point and some other speciality burger. The veggie burger was very good, I believe the patty was vegan but overall 3/5. The cobb salad 5/5, the vegetarian in our group almost ate a piece of chicken because it looked so darn good. Rocky point 4/5. 

Service was not the greatest. Staff seemed like they had an "attitude". Atmosphere was good. It was more sport barish. 

Overall the food was all good, service meh and atmosphere good.
Hashtag YUMMMM! 

My husband and I tried this place on a whim because he refused to eat at my favorite restaurant for the 5th time in 3 weeks (go figure). We were looking specifically for burgers and beer so the name definitely caught our eye. We came during march madness and the place was packed but had great energy! We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers in doors but near the open patio on a gorgeous day. They have an excellent beer selection! We also did the build your own burger and build your own macaroni and cheese!  Although after all of the additions to our meals it was pretty pricey it was totally worth the cost!

The burger we built was-
Angus beef
Pretzel bun
Bacon
Red onion 
Mayo
Golden mustard (which was kind of sweet)
Jalapeños 

The macaroni we built was perfect! I definitely recommend this combination.
We added-
Gruyere 
Garlic
Red pepper 
Grilled chicken 

We used the 5$ off your tab yelp coupon which was around 10% of our bill after 4 beers, a burger w fries and macaroni. What an awesome deal! We drive all the way from chandler to try this place and will definitely make it back soon!
My daughter (senior in college) was in town for the first weekend of the NCAA Basketball Tourney. We were looking for a place to watch the games for Thursday, the round of 64. We did a drive by and saw all the TV's figured we would give it a try. We got there a little after noon. They were busy, but we were seated immediately at a table were we could view 3 games at the same time. 

CB&CB has many beers on tap. I wish I could quote the number, but I don't remember. Our burgers were very good, fresh and done to order. We had Fries and tots as sides. We wife joined us after work and had a salad that she enjoyed. 

The staff was very friendly and attentive. When we finished eating we told the server that wanted to stay and watch a few games. We told here that we could move to the bar, but she said we could stay as long as we wanted. 

I would highly recommend CB&CB when you want to kick back with some friends for food and a drink and to watch sports on TV. We were there in the afternoon and it seemed very family friendly. I am not sure what it is like in the evening however.
Great service by Breana and excellent burger sliders, mozzarella sticks and build your own burger. Great restaurant for befOre our softball game.
Came here on a Friday night & sat outside. The server was really sweet & attentive.  I got the mac & cheese as well as their grown up iced tea.  Both were really really good! Nice place to have a few drinks & some food! Lots of TV's with the games going which my husband loved.
Stopped by for a late lunch and ordered the Steakhouse Truffle Burger a Build Your Own Burger and a couple of beers.  Both burgers were cooked just right and had great flavor, but the Steakhouse burger was incredible!  The house made chips and onion rings were decent, but very heavy on the salt.  The service was pretty good; very friendly, but our server was kind of in a daze.  Everyone seemed busy and they were all helping each other out so overall the service was decent.  All in all it was a very solid lunch and we'd probably go back for the burgers.
True to it's name, this place is all about great sports viewing, comfort food (tot-chos?  awesome) and a broad beer/booze selection.  Servers are friendly and accommodating, manager roams around making sure you're pleased, and the location and seating configuration is perfect for hot, sunny days.  They also operate Arcadia Tavern, which is a similar experience.  I'll hit this place any time I want to catch a game and some good bar food.
I would not go out of my way to eat burgers here. There are so many great choices in Scottsdale, especially for a great burger. Try Hamburger Rehab, Flemings or Z Tejas.
Really cool place, great location & delicious cheeseburgers! I really enjoyed my Bacon Blue cheeseburger here. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Scottsdale!
Grilled Cheese had two hairs stuck in the cheese with no avocado (when I asked for some) and bacon (when I asked for none) as well as cold fries. The waitresses would only stop by my table every 20 minutes so I couldn't even tell her it was messed up. Got our check and there was an extra $11 charge for wings we never ordered and the waitress AGAIN was nowhere to be found so we couldn't let her know. We had to track down a random busser to get someone to fix the problem. Wings finally taken off the check and waitress AGAIN was nowhere to be found for another 30 minutes. She didn't even seem like she wanted us to pay her. It was like she wanted us to leave without paying so she would be stiffed. We finally gave our check to the manager so we could pay and leave. Two hours longer than we wanted to be there. ITS CALLED A SENSE OF URGENCY PEOPLE.
Best burgers in town! Great happy hour and lots of TVs to watch games on. Amazing beer selection and has beers from breweries in Arizona. Great environment and service.
Thought it was a fun place at first until I got horrible food poisoning!! I don't recommend eating there!!! 
(Was there on 4/5/14 around 6:00pm - right before the Wisconsin/Kentucky NCAA game - ordered the Steakhouse Truffle Burger with tater tots)
Great open concept restaurant with tasty comfort food. 

They have a nice selection of beer on tap, and a variety of food options for everyone including vegetarians (yay!).  We've been here a few times and every time it's crazy busy, so plan on waiting for a table especially during peak season. If you're going for happy hour I would suggest you call ahead and make sure they are still offering specials. For example, when we went during spring training they were not honoring happy hour specials. :( 

I was back-and-forth on giving this place a 3 or 4 rating, but unfortunately the service is never been spectacular so that coupled with the happy hour situation ... dropped it down to a three.
Another good burger, but this time it was at the Old Town location. Well cooked, hot and good fries and only $7.50 for the All-American burger at HH. Also, use the YELP check-in for five more bucks off. Much better crowd, but still a bit grey until the winter visitors head home and it is indeed about time folks.
I decided to visit this place for the first time the other day and let's just say every single part of it surprised me in the best way. I sat at the bar and was greeted right away by the super friendly Sydney. Now, she wasn't just another pretty face, she's also very knowledgeable when it comes to the menu. First, she helped me pick a beer and let me sample a few I had never heard of. Went with the sleepy dog red rover. And for my meal, Sydney suggested that for my first time I should try the Steakhouse burger. AMAZING!!! The truffle oil really sets it off. 

All in all, a great first experience and I will definitely be back.
We came in on a Saturday afternoon around 130-2 . It was very busy but we were seated right away on the patio. There were 2  different games on right next to eachother and the volume on both were up and very loud. It was extremely hard to hear eachother talk as well as annoying.  Our server was Nadine and she was very sweet and very proficient. We had the buffalo dip which was delicious. It could've used a creamy element of some sort but was nice and spicy and served with homemade chips. I had the juicy Lucy on a pretzel bun. It was awesome! I got the sweet potato tots with it and they came out black. I'm not kidding. I asked the food runner if this is what they were supposed to look like and he said..."they're a bit crispy but still good. I actually prefer them that way". I personally would have never served those. Nadine took 1 look at them and went and got me new ones. My friend ordered the 1000 island burger medium rare and although it came out mid well, he still enjoyed it. He also said the cole slaw was great. My other friend had a build your own burger with a side salad and liked it just fine. So, other than the noise level and tater tot issue, we thoroughly enjoyed our service and overall experience here.
I'm giving this place a solid four stars, because between the $5 yelp check in deal + happy hour prices, my burger and beer were less than $10 WITH a generous tip!  The beer was cold, as advertised, and the burger was tasty.  Not the best I've ever had by any means, but a solid cheeseburger worthy of being included in the namesake.  Our waitress was on top of it, despite having what appeared to be ten different groups she was waiting on, and the crowd was a nice mix of Scottsdale randoms.  

It's possible that I'm giving the 4th star due to the company I was surrounded by (Rick / Jon / Amy / Jolly / Heath / Laura / Jeff / Becky) - we shared some very interesting conversation as a little sendoff for our pal Rick who was visiting from N.C.  On this day, we learned that there are still people in their 30's rocking aol e-mail addresses... HA!  Definitely worth checking this place out, it's a solid option in old town Scottsdale, especially if you're trying to watch a game!
Since Yelp requires users to provide reviews across the entire rating spectrum vs. just raving about and speaking positively about the 5 star places we all love, I am going to pick on Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers for my 1-2 star review.

Food and beverage rating: 4-5 stars
Service rating: 1-2 stars

I had a chipped edge on my cocktail glass and the server said "Oh I am sorry, let me comp that drink for you" and then charged me for it anyway. When I brought to her attention the apparent mistake, she got sassy and the manager was unprofessional and lame as well. Gave me some sob story about how comped drinks come out of their pockets, like it was my fault that there was a shard of glass in my mouth and drink.

Isolated incident and the rest of their service is top notch? Probably.

Thanks Yelp for asking me to rate a few people poorly in order to provide 5-star ratings to those who deserve it. ;)
first time there was visiting the in laws the service and beer selection was awesome but the food sucked they burn't the burger to black not sure why the cook even served it that way the frys were cold and my wife's tots were cold.  we didn't get charged for the burger thank God very load place not sure whey the dance music came on in a sports bar at 8:30 but will most likely never return
Oh no! I'm the worst kind of guest. I came, I ate, I drank and I failed to send a thank you card.  I joined a group of fellow Yelpers for a Wednesday Happy Hour. (Jeff E. is awesome at planning Yelp unofficial events.) We rolled our way out fatter and happier.

THE RUNDOWN
+ Has TV? Yes. That's a definite yes! You really can't find a bad seat facing the mega-televisions that border the top of the bar.
+ Huge front patio (perfect for people watching!)
+ The food is over the top generous in size, flavor and character. 
+ Build A Burger is bananas 
+ Wide selection of beers on draft
+ Great for groups

SPECIALS
+ Happy Hour (M-F, 3-7): $4 Local Pints $3 Domestics $4 Prem Wells $5 House Wine & some $5 appetizers
+ Mon: $10 Build Mac-n-Cheese (unlimited toppings!)
+ Tue: $20 House wine & hummus platter
+ Wed: $10 Build A Burger (unlimited toppings!)

THIS BURGER BUSINESS
I like a good challenge. When I heard I could pile on unlimited toppings the game was on. I triple confirmed the pricing on Wednesday is a flat $10 NO MATTER WHAT. Like a speed demon I selected a bun (pretzel!), a protein (angus beef) and a cheese (gruyere). My pencil hovered over veges. (Yes to jalapeños and caramelized onions. No one to kiss that night. Boo! Hiss!) 

I heard someone at my table order avocados on the side. "Ooo! Good idea. Check." While in that section I thought, "Hmmm...what about an egg? You've never had an egg on your burger. WHY NOT?" 

[Shrug]
People. I hadn't been to the gym in three months. What's little bit of caloric love?

At Step Six I tossed in lettuce, tomato and mayo. I circled back and opted for some regular onions. (Again, no prince that night. I like a bit of crunch to my burger.) I topped off my rare burger with a tangy chipotle sauce and a side of sweet potato tots. (Interestingly enough you can top your burger with Steakhouse Herb Butter. How curious!)

God bless our server that night. I have to poll my friends to see if anyone can remember who helped us. She was the Shizzle. Patient, on top of our beer orders like a ninja and sweet as pie. We must have asked one thousand questions.

FIRE FIRE FIRE
While eagerly awaiting my mountain of food Jeff ordered "The Hell Fire Chips". I scoffed when I heard they were hot. Potato chips, buffalo sauce and blue cheese.  

My tongue thanks beer for its many healing powers. Speaking of beer, Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers was serving a Black Butte Porter at the time. I really hope they still have it on tap!

Back to the flame. Ursula had ordered something called TOT CHOS. Think of nachos, layered with chili, sour cream, guac and roasted pepper cheese sauce. Got that? Except the base is on tater tots! Also FIRE. A half order can easily be shared.

When The Burger finally rolled out my eyes opened like saucers. Cutting it with a knife clearly wasn't going to help! It wasn't pretty eating, but, oh boy was it yummy!

There were left overs. Good place. Fun!

Oh! Oh! Oh!
I just heard. The restaurant is still offering the same Yelp check-in offer. $5 off your order! GET IT!
This place is FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!! The "O lineman" burger will blow your mind!! It is a delicious patty of beef sandwiched between two grilled cheese sandwiches. It was amazing and could be a signature burger at anywhere in the valley. Go there, don't be shy, and give it a try!

Obviously the first part of this joints name is Cold Beers, and YES they live up to that. Their beer selection was very good. Local beers, small brewery beers, and obviously domestic and imports. I went with the lefthand milk stout and was not at all disappointed. 

With all the trendy places coming and going in downtown Scottsdale, I can see this being a place that is there to stay. Go check it out because seeing is believing.
I've been 3 times. Each time I got their "juicy Lucy" burger, which has the cheese mixed into the patty and is actually pretty good when cooked right. The first time, it was pretty good. The second time, it sat under the heat lamp for god-knows how long, resulting in a bun that could not be penetrated by mere teeth alone. The third time it was alright again.

My issue is less with the food and more with the staff. I sit at the bar, and the only guy bartender I've seen is more interested in chatting up women than actually serving food and drinks. I also hate when a server acts pissed off when the food is served without a condiment that was requested upon ordering. The guy feigned an act of anger towards the kitchen staff because he was inattentive when I was ordering.

The first time I had a good experience. The second time I had the previously-mentioned server that sucked and left my food under a heatlamp until it was basically ruined. The third time, the food turned out OK but I had to deal with the same server again.

Will not be back.
Best hamburger I've EVER had!!!! My parents agreed. The place is incredibly loud, however. Like... You have to yell, essentially. Outdoor seating seemed nice but it was completely full. Lots of misters to keep it cool which is nice. Lastly, the coolest thing is that you can leave the premiss and remain on the waiting list. They text you when your table is ready. You can just text them if you're not coming. WARNING they say the wait is muchhh longer. They told us 20 minutes and it was only about 10 minutes!
How is it possible that I've not written a review of CB&C?  WOW.  Let. Me. Fix. That. Right. Now.  Ok,... I have my laptop... Let me Yelp this!

I have been to CB&C several times over the past year.  I love their creative BURGER options.  Their burgers are great.  They have these extra-neat ordering "forms" in which you can "Build Your Own Burger".  Toppings range from cheese to eggs to grilled tomatoes.  Pro-tip: On Wednesday nights, you can "Build Your burger" and fries for $10.  

But, of course, it is just like me to continue to come back to this place, NOT for the Cold Beers and NOT for the CheeseBurgers.  I have had a single burger here in all the times I have gone.  So, what have I been eating you wonder?  For heaven's sake, my weakness is french fries and chips and this place has THE BEST Tater Tots EVER.  On top of it, they have Buffalo Chicken Tots and Cots in which sliced chicken, blue cheese and hot sauce are drizzled/sprinkled over the Tater Tots.  Talk about Tater Tot heaven!  Simply divine.

I hosted a large group here on their patio.  The service was just OK for me.  We had a party of about 28-32 people, but one server.  That annoyed me big time.  The server was nice and cordial, she just didn't have enough hands to move things along faster for a work lunch group.  Alas, I still love this place.

Another great deal, they have a dang-on awesome Yelp Check-in offer too.   

How anyone can justifiably rate a place called "Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers" below 3-stars is baffling to me.

My return factor is 100%.
not impressed with the old town location. the service was poor, the burgers weren't cooked to temperature (asked for medium rare, but they brought out well done). really...a burger place that can't cook burgers?!?! 

the only good take aways are 

1. solid beer selection, both draft and bottles
2. tons of televisions well placed throughout
3. good happy hour specials

the only way I'd ever go back is for happy hour to get a few hard to find beers.
I love the patio especially on a nice day- they have misters going so its the right temperature even when its 100 degrees.

The menu has all sorts of burger combos and there's a good selection of appetizers or other food if youre feeling adventurous...

They also allow you to pick your own 6 pack with all the various beers they have available. Then they throw ice in the cooler on the table in order to keep the beer cold.(hence the name)

Id recommend this spot if youre going to watch a game or just to enjoy a scottsdale day/evening.
The place is quite lively ... They quite a selection beers on tap  and canned beers.We ordered the burgers and some beers. Food was ok and service was ok too. Our host and server were friendly though.
Sports bars with great service are bank in my book. Often, I visit ones where the rowdy action that's happening on TV and throughout the bar gives servers an excuse to neglect your dining needs or act hurried in their interactions, but I'm pleased to say Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers in Old Town Scottsdale is a great exception to this rule.

I went there recently to watch the Indiana Pacers beat the Miami Heat (woo!) and had a great time chilling out on the mister-filled patio. We had prime seating in front of a large flat-screen television and a cool view of Old Town Scottsdale. Now I know why the patio is constantly packed whenever I drive by - the place has great food, a killer happy hour, 25 TVs and service with a smile.

One of the things that's greatest about Cold Beer & Cheeseburgers is that their happy hour lasts until 7 p.m., and starts at 3 p.m. It features great specials, including $3 domestic pints and $5 appetizers. 

As the restaurant name implies, the beer list is huge, but my favorite part about the meal was the delicious grilled cheese sandwich and side salad. The sandwich comes with fries or chips for $8, and with my salad, it was only $10. This was great bar food, a huge portion, with three types of cheeses and tomato. I added avocado, which is my favorite way to have it. I was impressed with the fresh salad, and left taking half my sandwich home.

My companion's Turkey Burger ($12) also looked generous, and he said it tasted graet. I stole some of his sweet potato tots (an extra $2), and they were worth the splurge - perfectly crispy and, again, a massive portion that had him taking half the meal home. 

Throughout the night, I was pleasantly surprised any server that passed by our table checked on us. Servers should work as a team, helping out each other's tables with whatever they need, and that's the philosophy here - really impressive.

The atmosphere was fun, with friendly banter and cheering among tables for the games. It's casual and unpretentious, yet you'll feel valued and have a great meal. Also, be sure to "check in" on Yelp, Facebook or Twitter to score 10 percent off your bill.
Solid but not spectacular burgers, meat could have been juicer and of a higher quality.  But the menu options, location, and atmosphere make it a top spot to visit next time your big game is on.
This review is somewhat unfair. I did go with a giant group of Yelpers, so I cannot say if the most excellent and amazing service was due to that, or if it is always like that, but I can say that, at least that night, the service was wonderful. The manager (who seemed to be one of the yelper's friends possibly?) was amazing. He was attentive without being overbearing and he remembered all of our names... that's right, like 25 of our names.... that is insanity! We came for happy hour and build your own burgers and happy it was! They had many delicious beers on tap, with the local beers being on special for 4$. I had a Four Peaks peach... it was delish, as per usual. The build your own burger deal is pretty amazing, you fill out an order form with all of the toppings you would like for 10$. I think I put too many toppings on....here is the run down on my ridic burger:

Pretzel bun
Angus beef
gruyere and cheddar cheese
roasted tomato, caramelized onion, roasted green chilis, jalapenos, guac
steakhouse butter
bacon
over easy egg
hot sauce... on the side.



That's right... this was burgerious maximus. Unfortunately, when the burger came out it was missing several of the toppings (including the bacon, blasphemy!) and the over easy egg was nearly cooked through. This was a little disappointing, but maybe was a blessing, because this burger was monsterous, hard to eat, a total mess, and delicious the way it was. Would I like bacon next time? Yes, definitely. But I will try to edit myself....*try* being the operative word. I could only eat half and I was sooo full. I also had sweet potato tots.. they were good, but after trying someone else's chips...those are definitely the way to go. 

As others have mentioned, they have a great Yelp check in special... 5$ off, and they honored it for all of us, which was totally unnecessary, but much appreciated. I will gladly return!
Great food, great beer, great service!
I had occasion to visit twice in one week - and both times were fantastic.

I know the manager, Tracy, from the last restaurant he was at - he took great care of me there, and if it's possible, even better care of me here! Wow - I feel like a rockstar in this place! I was sharing with my lunch group Saturday - I really tend to avoid Old Town - but based on how both groups I was with last week were treated, it will be impossible for me not to frequent the place.

The servers are on the ball and don't seem to lose patience - even with large groups splitting the check multiple ways.

All food was delivered as ordered, the quality and flavor are solid and the portions generous. I am not going to make suggestions - I don't think you can go wrong anywhere on the menu. 

Oh, wait. One suggestion. The Hellfire Chips  on the appetizer menu. House made chips, buffalo sauce, blue cheese. So good! Its a really large serving - so either split it as a group, or plan on that being the majority of your meal. But WOW - so simple, but delish!

Thank you, CB&CB - and thank you, Tracy - for making sure we all (in both groups) had a great experience and look forward to coming back!)
An absolutely fantastic place if you like burgers and beer. My girlfriend is vegetarian and they substitute a veggie patty on any of their burgers for her and we have never had a bad experience. The servers are always very knowledgable on the beer selection and pairings...and what a beer selection it is! 

I will definitely be a repeat customer.
So, I'm torn about this review. The food was pretty excellent, but my rating is due more to the service than anything else. We went last night for happy hour, and sat on the patio. Considering it was 100, it was pretty comfortable! The food was great, but the service was horrendous. We had some girl wearing a hippie-type headband halfway down her forehead, who apparently didn't think we were worthy of her attention. I got there and waited 10 minutes for her to take my drink order. It then took another 10 minutes for her to bring my drink. After that, we didn't see her for 30 minutes. We had no water and empty glasses. She kept looking over at us, but never once asked if we needed anything. We had previously told her that we wanted to order food but weren't ready. Finally we flag her down to order more drinks and food. The food is brought by someone else, and the drinks arrive 10 minutes after the food. She didn't check on us once while we were eating. We had to then again flag her down to get the check, which took 30 minutes. We had the cards ready, so at least that was quick, but she never refilled our water (we were outside!), and didn't come back or acknowledge our existence. This was such a disappointing experience, as I've been there multiple times before and have never had bad service.
Food is pretty good. I suggest the Juicy Lucy or Open Pit burger. Great place to grab some food and drinks and watch sports.
Food was decent but the customer service was really bad.  Never saw a wait and bar staff so lacking in personality and unwillingness to smile and be pleasant.  It was bizarre.
POOR SERVICE.  The food was great, fantastic burgers and fries.  Sadly the service was terrible.  I had to go get my own silverware and napkins and when they brought the food out they did not know which plate was what and we had to short out whose was whose.  After this the food was great which is the only reason they get 3 stars.
Great sports bar in old town. They put the volume on during the big games which is always a plus. Lots of TVs and a good draft selection. Come on Wednesdays for the build your own burger and check in on Yelp and it will cost you $5! Service can be a little slow when it gets packed but that can be expected at any place. Taryn was our server and she was great.
Great beer, good food. But oh boy, that water. DO NOT ASK FOR WATER, JUST DRINK BEER. If you do, be prepared. A brown mushy tsunami will be your closest companion in your VERY frequent stops to the restroom. Of course if you are into that, go for it. 

Just drink the beer.
I ordered the chicken fingers appetizer which was $10 by itself and asked for barbecue sauce with it. The chicken fingers were extremely dry, hard, and crunchy like they had been sitting out for days or over cooked. Even the barbecue sauce wasn't good, almost tasted like a strange sweet and sour sauce, definitely different. Overall I was not pleased and probably wouldn't go back.
Food was extremely sub-par and pricey for what you got.  Everything about the place was just average.  There are a ton of TV's, a decent beer list, and very basic burgers.  If that's what you're looking for, this place is great.  If you're looking for a great burger, go elsewhere.
Deliver on what they promise. Great appetizers and burgers. Fun environment to spend an afternoon drinking with friends. Yelp check in = $5 off = Free appetizer or round.
Great service, food and beer selection.   Much better than your average bar food. Nice location and very good service.  Will return.
My vegetarian girlfriend and I decided to go out for a late night bike ride to have dinner at a place with a patio. We settled on this place because of the reverse happy hour ($5 apps) and the veggie burger.

Although the table sign and tv's both mentioned the reverse happy hour and $5 apps, no go because it's summer? I would think you would have specials in the summer as it was 11:30 PM and it was still 101° F. Argh

I let the gf order first and we were told they were out of veggie patties. We asked for a pretzel ($5 for one - $5 for two for reverse happy hour) prior to this and we said we will need a minute. The waitress came back and I asked to pay and we will eat our pretzel before we go. Paid, signed and then our pretzel came. Took about 25 minutes.

The pretzel was great and the cheese dip was familiar (likely a shelf brand) but it was good. Had to ask for napkins and the music was so loud that we hard a hard time hearing each other.

A disappointment.
Tonight was my first visit to watch the UFC fight.  
I really appreciate the great service even when the restaurant was completely busy for the fight.  After the fight we stayed a bit longer to have some more beers and enjoy the patio.  They do a great job with misters and fans to keep the patio cool, even in July. 

Besides the great beer selection and the service.  The burgers, wings, humus, cbcb salad were all very good.  Everyone in our group enjoyed their meal and drinks!!!

We will all return again soon!
Yum, good burgers. I still like Hopdoddys better but this place has good food. The homemade chips are good but not great. Sweet Tater Tots were good but my friend says they are better at Stax. Hamburger was solid. Looks like they have a great beer selection too if that is your thing. It is in the restaurant's name after all. lol
1st time here. Had the bacon blue cheese burger. Ordered it medium and it came very pink inside, almost to the point of being raw. Other than that, it was good with a generous portion of French fries. 
Had the brownie sundae for dessert-outstanding. 
Service was attentive and friendly - no issues. 
Will eat here again.
Nice brew pub, with excellent pilsner beer. The fish and chips was outstanding as was the fresh cole slaw
I had lunch while waiting for a flight. Ordered the butter salmon. Chewy and dry. Awefulllllll.
With an hour to go before my flight home, The Great Dane seemed like the best option for dinner.  The minestrone soup came from a can, but I'm giving them a hall pass since this is an airport location & it's probably much harder with the limited kitchen space to make fresh soup. The prime rib wrap was definitely a nice dish. It's like philly cheese steak in a wrap, with peppers & melted cheese.  Definitely cooked to the right temperature & the au jus was nice. The fries weren't salty enough so I asked my server for a side of ranch.  Not great, but not awful.
We had over an hour until our flight. Ordered a plain vegetable salad, nachos, and crop circle beer. The beer was warm and flat and got a new one, which was only slightly better. (And cost $8!)

After about 40 minutes of waiting the waitress came over and asked us what our order was. We then watched her go to her computer and put in our order. With 15 minutes to boarding time, we finally got our salad (bread was forgotten) and then the nachos. Probably won't go back.
If you were a fan of Abe's Deli of Scottsdale then you should be a fan of Miller's Deli and Grill for similar deli treats you had before. The new restaurant  and menu has been trimmed down and the deli case is also gone but most of the top favorites still are here. 

We had our own smorgasbord and tried a variety of things.

My husband never had a potato knish before so we ordered one. (appetizer $4.) It was very fresh and came out warm with a side of beef gravy. It tasted just like fresh ones I had before from a bakery I used to go to. I ate only a quarter of it just to try but my husband who never had a knish before enjoyed it and finished it off. 

I went with the soup and half sandwich and tried the matzo ball soup. What impressed me the most about the soup was that it was very fresh tasting and the white meat chicken in it was very tender and correctly cooked. (I hate dry chicken and just get bummed when I get dry chicken out. Places that give me dry chicken I usually give two stars.) The soup broth was very thin and light as Matzo Ball is suppose to be because this soup is about the ball. I liked the fresh still with body carrots in it and the pasta was fresh and not soggy. The Matzo ball was the lightest fluffiest one I ever had. I do prefer Matzo Ball soup seasoned with dill but not everyone does. No dill in the Matzo Ball soup here but it was good as it was and is enough to feed one person. 

I tasted a spoonful of my husband's Sweet and Sour Cabbage soup. It was tasty I might try that one next time?

My husband went with the Reuben Sliders ($9.75) but with the kraut and sauce on the side. To his surprise he really enjoyed the kraut and especially the house made dressing as it was really delicious. The sliders are considered one of Phoenix Arizona's top five things to try according to the AZ Republic as they are very tasty. They are Three  Sandwiches of House Own Recipe pickled corned beef,  House Own recipe Pastrami and Brisket grilled on potato latkes. I tasted each and all were good but I liked the pastrami best.

My half sandwich was the pastrami on rye. My sandwich was tasty as it was but would have been much better and elevated as the sliders were if I asked for it hot so if you get the corned beef or pastrami make sure you ask for it hot because it's much tastier that way. I liked that the bread was real rye and not that squishy Arizona Rye you get at other places. The cole slaw was very fresh tasting but on the sweet side but had a pleasant celery seed after taste that I liked. ($12.50 !/2 sandwich with soup)

Our server Sean was OUTSTANDING very friendly and helpful.

They have a beautiful large dog friendly patio and free Wifi.

Mazel Tov!



 They did the soft opening as they are still working things out but Really did a Good Job!
We loved Abe's Deli in Scottsdale and now that it's Miller's Deli & Grill (same owner as Abe's) in a new location. it's even better!  Smaller store in a much better location. Menu has been trimmed down a bit (I miss the hot tongue sandwich), but all of the important items were kept and a few new ones were added.  Very cozy and warm atmosphere inside a a great shaded patio (with large TV's) outside. 

Even though we live in Surprise, the 50+ minute drive is well worth it.

Chompie's doesn't hold a candle to Miller's!!
We stopped by here for dinner on Sunday night and were very excited to try this new deli in the neighborhood. 

As my fiancé puts it. This experience was straight out of restaurant stakeout. 

When we arrived we were not greeted and in fact had to look around to ask if anyone was working. 

When someone finally sat us down, and we had a chance to look at the menu, I asked our waitress if the latkas had gluten in them and she made an annoyed face and when to the kitchen to ask someone for me. 

The food was good, but I much prefer the friendlier atmosphere at jjs. They never refilled my ice tea which was gone by the time we were done eating. 

When we left, no one really made an effort to even say goodbye or invite us back. All 4 people working were crowed around the tv watching a game.
Great food and service! Fresh food, homemade taste. Deli plates are dinner amounts, you get a full plate. Their apple strudel is delicious and warm.
The waitress was sweet.
This restaurant location has changed themes 3 times in 4 years.....I hope the Deli & Grill can make it! Stopped by Sunday with hubby on a bike ride. Thought the food & menu looked good and the drinks were reasonably priced. We'll try it again soon!
Great service and food! We were a fan of Abe's and this is a better version! Check it out soon! :)
Best Reuben I ever had in my life.  Found out if you hold the sauerkraut and get cole slaw on it instead, its called a Rachel...so, best Rachel I ever had in my life.  Don't leave without trying the Noodle Kugel. Wow.
Not a good experience. Fruit was not fresh. Turkey sandwich was dry and had no flavor. Sandwich fell apart as I ate it. Customer service below average. I rarely complain but this was not enjoyable. Will not come back.
Had lunch at Miller's Deli today. Two people - we each ordered a cup of soup and a half-sandwich.  My wife had the tomato basil soup which she said was absolutely delish!!  I had the sweet and sour cabbage soup which I love, and it was great .  We both had half of a corned beef on rye and they were both absolutely outstanding.  Also great cole slaw as a side.  If you want GREAT deli you want to try Miller's, not Chompies.  Miller's is the very best deli in all of Arizona!!
We had gone to Abe's a couple times when they were on Scottsdale Road.  This restaurant is now smaller and has no atmosphere!  The food was medicore at best. The waitress was indifferent - not rude but had no warmth or happy we were there!  We don't have that many good delis so we had hoped Miller's would be a standout..it is not!
Four of us for lunch today - great as usual!  Two had chicken matzo ball soup and two had sweet and sour cabbage soup.  Everyone said theirs' was delish.  Two half pastrami, one deli platter and one corned beef - Everyone loved what they ordered. Cole slaw was excellent, as were each of the other sides.

Service by Eric was perfect.

Chompies doesn't come close to Miller's in any respect.  We travel from Surprise to eat at at Miller's and it is worth every minute and every mile!!
Never heard of this place before we saw it on Groupon. Good service' great food. It's a nice change from the typical sports bar food. We will go back.
Absolutely wonderful addition to the North Scottsdale community!  The menu is expansive, food is top notch and honestly, the owner couldn't be nicer.  This is a true neighborhood restaurant and a great place to enjoy traditional deli fare and casual bar/grill food.  Another east coaster setting up shop in North Scottsdale and raising the bar!
Went to Miller's with a Groupon.  Only one other couple in there.  Open seating.  Ordered a cheesesteak and turkey sandwich.  Service was quick.
Both sandwiches were on the bland side and lacked imagination.  I could have made my own turkey sandwich with cranberry and it would have been better.  Sandwiches need some spark to them.  Nothing out of the ordinary here.  It wasn't bad and it wasn't great.  We won't be going back since there are so many others I'd like to try.  Glad we used Groupon.
Well, Larry the ponytailed owner is still a nice guy, but I'm not  a fan of his new concept, location, food or food he left out of new menu. This place gets a big Ooooyyy Veyyyy as the Yiddish would say. The place is way smaller than the original and for some reason he has a bar in there like he is trying to create a Jewish themed sports bar. I doubt the concept will last long , so I think he did things backwards. The new location does not offer bagels either which was a big draw for many folks because he has no oven and is under some silly shopping center restrictions that force him to not serve breakfast.
    My lunch was a $11 brisket sandwich to go ordered extra lean, but was extra fatty and a miserable fatty and tasteless mess. Compared to his last brisket, this was a kitchen nightmare. Additionally, he is giving you less meat (in this case a good thing) for your 11 bucks, does not offer fries as a free side anymore and his sides are very small now. The potato salad was decent and good pickles, but the star should be the meat and that fell flat. Jewish bar concept won't work in that uppity area. Hope he goes back to the real NY (even though he is not from NY) bagel shop concept.