As everyone in Madison knows, there are no doughnut chain stores around.  No Krispy Kreme.  No Dunkin Donuts.  Although I know that the best doughnuts in town are from the Greenbush Bakery, sometimes it's just easier to go with the place down the street.  

That basically sums up the People's Bakery.  When you're too lazy to go anywhere else, they are pretty good.
Kind of tucked away and hard to notice, especially being next to the really glammed out Ella's Deli. But worth a visit if you're looking for a good gyro or kebab. :]

The donuts are alright too. They have a wide variety! Myself, I really rather like their cookies. They also offer homemade baklava.

Really though I can reccomend their sandwiches with a side of the seasoned fries. Quite yummy! Vegetarian options also available such as potato kahbi or falafel sandwiches. And they had a lot of beverages to choose from too.

Although the location is not ideal, it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]
I've been lamenting the lack of Mediterranean establishments on the Eastside for a while. We have arguably the best Thai, Indian, Nepali, Jamaican, Japanese, Chinese and American restaurants in town. But Downtown and the Westside both hold the Mediterranean trump card.

Then I discovered People's Bakery. How can you go wrong? Fresh pastry AND gyros? Wait. Did I say gyros? Yes, I did. No longer do you have to venture downtown to get said sandwich. And the one I had wasn't a ticking grease bomb!

Do yourself a favor when you go and try the red lentil soup. The flavor is excellent and there's plenty of cumin to spare. Delicious! My gyro and bowl of soup plus coffee was under $10, so it's a great choice when you're low on cash and need a filling lunch.

(Oh, and it's right next to El Pescador, across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)
Yum. Very good chocolate glazed donut. Decent coffee, though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon.
The doughnuts are good (and pretty cheap!), but I really love this place for a quick, cheap lunch.  They make their falafel and gyros fresh, so be prepared to wait a few minutes for them to put 'em together.  There's a small dining area, or you can take your food to go.  The owners are friendly and efficient.

The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls, but it's strictly doughnuts and sweet pastries here.
Best Gyros, hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts, they are above average but not amazing.  The owners are so kind.  I like going here.
good food and very cheap.
Since moving to the east side I have started to go here almost every Saturday morning to pick up a couple of donuts and a coffee. I had absolutely no idea that it existed until a cabbie friend of mine told me it was one of his favorite places to stop between fares.

(Can I just say that cabbies are amazing? They know where everything is, and they know about all the cool hidden spots that most of us pass up every day. If you know a cabbie, pick their brain sometime. You will probably discover at least one awesome place because of them.)

So, back to People's. The donuts are really top notch. Chewy, moist, iced just enough, and they have a ton of options. I really think that their plain glazed and their boston cream donuts are the best. Their glazed donuts have this bit of crispiness to them that is amazing. The fritters aren't as good as Greenbush, but still tasty. There are also some specialty desserts that I am unsure of, but will have to try some day. 

As far as the food goes - the gyros are among the best I have had in town (right up there with Gyro House) but that is all I have tried there so far.

So, to sum it all up: good gyros, great donuts, fair prices, and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out.
Great Donut & drink selection, and the food is cooked right in front of you.

The place is a little out of the way, the only thing that youll see is a neon 'Gyros' sign in the window, but its worth stopping by. The people are very friendly, and the value is the best for the immediate area( and this is from a UW student who frequents the nearby TacoBell trying to slim budget...).
The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place, closed, and realized my dinner options were slim to none. One can hope for the futre though, and if youre ever around stop in, the donuts(hard to come by since I moved to Madison- just imagining maybe) alone are worth a trip.
I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my "go -to" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However, my husband swears by their chicken and I do really enjoy their kefta with rice.
Updated review,
I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm
The food and service attitude is pretty good for the price you pay.
They also got all kinds of beverages to go with your meal. They cook it fresh after you place an order. The owners are very nice.

We had the vegetarian meza. Everything tastes good, though I've definitely had better middle eastern food before. But for the price you pay, the food is well worth it. All the basics are done right, e.g. dolma, hummus, kabob/shawarma, cucumber yogurt, kofta, kebbi, etc.

But I will mention stuff they could improve a bit more:
The red pepper paste was a bit bitter, but taste fresh
Tabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing).
I haven't had any of the falafel or gyros here.........yet.  I have had the opportunity to fatten myself up that much more by eating some of their delicious doughnuts.  They are really cheap AND really good.  

The owners are a friendly, older couple who look like they are workin' hard.  I asked if they would be my new parents, and they just laughed, but I was serious.  Will you be my new mom and dad?  Or how about my new granny and papa?  I won't ask for money..............just doughnuts!

I'm toilet trained........

*knocking on glass window*

Please???
We will drive from Dudgeon Monroe to the East side for good falafel and gyros. The quality and service at People's Bakery are a great reminder why the (much closer) Biryani doesn't deserve our business. Skip the babaganoush, but make sure to grab a sweet treat for dessert instead!
The donuts are amazing and super-fattening of course, but then I guess you shouldn't be eating donuts if you are concerned with your weight.

I agree it is by far the best gyros in town, I am originally from Chicago and am used to the quality of gyros found all over Chicagoland, this is cut the same, same thickness, same style, the flavor is similar, but has it's own thing going on. Either way, that Parthenon in Madison is crap, people rave about it, what a joke, they have no clue what good gyros is, take a road trip and go eat at Hubs in Chicago, then you will know finally what great gyros is. In the meantime, if you are stuck in Madison, this is by far the best you will find, don't waste your money and calories elsewhere.

Falafel is good, has it's own unique recipe, works for me.

Tan Tan Chicken is very good too, highly spiced, which I like, although not spicy as far as heat is concerned. Comes with an awesome garlic dip, which I've only found in Los Angeles at Zankou Chicken, which by the way is the most incredible middle-eastern chicken ever. They even made a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" episode about it in 2011. If you get out to LA ever, you must go to Zankou and get the Chicken Tarna with the garlic dip, the hummus is also the best ever. Almost enough to make me want to move back to LA. In fact...

Anyway, People's Bakery is truly a gem in Madison, amongst all the questionable eateries, which some say are great, others say bad, this one is clearly a huge winner. And it is a real Mom & Pop, literally they made all the food for me, super friendly, down to Earth, real people who deserve to have your business. Go there now!

P.S. I also liked a bunch of other stuff there, the hummus, side dishes, veggie mezza, etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there.
Great place to go for gyros, falafel, and lots of other delicious Mediterranean / Lebanese food that's worth trying. Also, the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items, go with twisty donut things w/ the red strip down the middle or the baklava.
wasn't sure what to expect, but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and, although i didn't try any, the donuts also looked amazing.  might have to stop back and pick up a dozen, for the road.
Now this is what I'm talking about!!  Total hole in the wall on East Wash in a strip mall behind some Mexican buffet, with the name People's Bakery, you'd never guess this place would have the best Middle Eastern food in Madison.  

Start with the wife of the wife and husband team, who greets you warmly as you come in.  The menu is on the wall, but there are hard copies for those who need an explanation of the nicely blended mix of Lebanese, Armenian and Syrian dishes.  No matter your experience with food of the Middle East or Mediterranean, you'll find dishes you recognize, perhaps by different names.

This was my first visit, I'm sitting here eating my takeout order as I type this because it's that good.  I ordered the lentil soup, and several appetizer portions including hummus, moohamara, sarma, and falafel.    

Quick review:
- lentil soup.  Awesome, just awesome.  Beautiful saffron color from the cooked down red lentils, just the right mix of cumin and lemon, and a back end of heat, I'm guessing from Aleppo pepper.  This is some thick soup, and filling, and for 2.50, you get a pint

- Moohamara.  I wasn't going to get this.  I like roasted red bell pepper, and I've had dips and purees made of them, but I've never sought it out.  Mary, one of the owners, told me it was her favorite, best on the menu.  And holy COW was she right.  A smack of roasted red pepper is quickly deepened by a sweet hit of pomegranate and walnuts, ubelievably complex and wonderful.

- Falafel.  Huge portion, perfectly deep-fried, with a really nice, light texture.  Love the falafel, but I prefer tahini sauce, and these come with a yogurt mint sauce.  Don't get me wrong, this is clearly their regional interpretation, Im all about the authentic experience, and this was good sauce.  But, I confess that for my leftovers I'm making some tahini sauce.

- Hummus.  You know, hummus is always a crap shoot for me.  I make my own, from dried chick peas, and I've been working on this recipe for 25 years (along with my Bloody Mary recipe and about a hundred others). This is another of those regional interpretation issues, this was my least favorite today.  I'll try it again, because my own hummus has on and off days.  This was just more on the bland side than I expected,  No one distinct flavor dominated so I felt like it was left with an almost indescribable flavor.  Not bad, totally edible, just oddly unflavored.  I added some lemon and salt, which helped some.  

Sarma - if you're expecting dolmathes this will be familiar in flavor, but it texture.  These are served cold with a yogurt dipping sauce.  I'm okay with the temperature, but I just like a little lemon on mine.  These are veg, the rice filling is cooked down to a coarse 'risotto-y' consistency.  I dig them, but those who prefer the snap of dolmathes will find these softer, but just as flavorful

All in all, outstanding.  Next time, shish tahouk and baba ganouj.
After moving from Chicago to Madison, I thought that I would be safely tucking my Lebanese palate into the furthest recesses of my tongue, saving it only for the occasional trips back to Kedzie Avenue.  That was, until my wife and I discovered People's bakery.  

Upon walking in, I was thrown back into the likes of such wonderful restaurants as Salam and Semiramis...but with Donuts!  We were genuinely welcomed in and I knew People's Bakery was gonna be one of my new spots, having not even tried a single thing in the store.  

We ordered a lunch "to-go."  I got a Shish Taouk (commonly known as a Chicken Shawarma) and my wife got a falafel sandwich and we split a side of Hummus.  Well, my Shish Tauok was plump with heavily marinated, tender chicken slices, tomatoes, tahina, and lettuce.  In short, it was outstanding.  Aggressive herbal flavors perfectly matched with a spike of lemony acidity.  My wife LOVED her falafel sandwich...which is really saying something, as she's somewhat of connoisseur.  The hummus was really good, and the spike of sumac was a nice touch, although it was tad bit to lemony for me.  

Nonetheless, this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good, but we both left that for another day.  Lebanese food and donuts....a winning combination, in my book.
Who says donuts and Lebanese food don't go together?!  People's Bakery has made me a believer of this magical combination! This place is great for some affordable, delicious Lebanese food, and some of the best donuts in town. The outside (and inside) is unassuming, but the food is authentic (as far as I know) and yummy. 

Pros
- VERY affordable
- friendly and helpful staff
- Did I mention it is scrumptious?

Cons
- service is a little slow
- inconsistent drink options

I highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
great donuts. great gyros.
and the most adorable owners ever.
just make sure you aren't in any rush, if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting.
This place is so accidental hipster, and defies categorization. Is it a diner? A bakery? An auntie's living room? Let's just say if a donut shop and a small restaurant played Tetris, this would be the result. 

The eating area is quiet - no music, just the drink cooler humming - and the experience eclectic - mismatched formica tables, plastic cups for water, and tea cups with feet for the Turkish coffee. The Turkish coffee was weaker than expected, but wonderfully aromatized with cardamom. 

There was so much food my eyes pin-balled for a minute. The red lentil soup made with sprouted lentils came in a bowl - a real bowl, not a cup-sized bowl. We also had the gyro plate which was satisfying, and mousaka entree which was like an eggplant, potato, and tomato casserole over yellow rice. By itself, the mousaka would last me two additional meals. We couldn't resist the Boston creme donut, which turned out to be the best I've had in Madison, and a gigantic cinnamon roll fritter. Plus the two coffees, the total came out to be $25 (!!) and some change. 

The service is a relaxed pace, but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return, and this place definitely makes the twice-a-month cut.
Donuts as BIG as your head!  Fresh Lebanese food made to order made by the friendly owner!  Such was my experience today at People's Bakery.  I don't really understand why the place was so empty today but it was fine with me.  I ordered tabbouleh, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita and a giant donut!   You'd never think we would have authentic Lebanese in a generic looking mini mall in Wisconsin but we do-I feel lucky it's just a few blocks away from my house. 

Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!
Went there today with my fiance.  We had the hummus and lamb and the felafel.  The lamb was amazing.  Little pieces cut up and placed on a bed of hummus.  The hummus was very smooth and great texture.  The hummus was good, but Bunky's is still my favorite in town. 

The felafel was good, not too heavy.  Serve in pita bread with a sauce and veggies.  They have a good selection of beverages, they had my favorite Nantucket Nectar and some good bottled lemonade.

After our main course we decided to try some pastries.  The baklava was amazing.  It was light and flavorful.  We also had a french glazed doughnut which was better then Greenbush.  

The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards, and they have a $5 minimum.  She let us just add it to the tip of our original bill!
So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum!
Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.
Herein lie the finest falafel sandwiches in the area, and that's all that's needed to justify my continuing patronage.

The donuts fill the display cases with colors, and fill the air with intoxicating scents. So many different shapes and sizes, but the freshness and delicacy are consistent throughout. The "Rapid Dozen" is a good value, providing a diverse sampling of donut types to take to work, provided they make it that far.

Still, my main inspiration behind the countless visits through the years is the Lebanese cuisine, and specifically the falafel. You will find plenty of tasty dishes, from hummus and babaganoush, to kebabs and gyros, but the incomparable falafel stands above. There aren't, truth be told, more than a few real competitors for Madison's top falafel (Banzo is also great, then it drops off), but those found at People's are really top notch, competitive with any I've had throughout the country.

The prices and the falafels simply cannot be beat, and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars.
I have been a customer for years.  Lunch menu is excellent.  I stop by often and  the owners are very accomdating and friendly.  People's is an asset to Madison!
Went for dinner the other night. We have found our new gyro restaurant!
Hubby & I both ordered gyro. One sammy, one plate. Man, was it good!
Took a raspberry fritter home for dessert, and that was great as well.
We will definitely be back!
Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.
What do you get when you combine Lebanese cuisine, baked goods, gyros, funky interior design and second hand talk of bed bugs?  

The perfect #yelpnewvember storm, that's what.

Over the summer, there was a spirited debate about where to find the best gyros in town after the unfortunate demise of Dmitri's.  After fellow Yelper Tawnie R boldly declared the People's Bakery as the worthy successor to Dimitri's, I knew a trip to the People's Bakery was in the cards for me.

If you are looking for elegant digs, this place is not for you.  It's a kitschy, little greasy spoon nestled into a strip mall at the corner of East Wash and East Johnson.  There's not a lot of seating and if someone is on the phone, you're going to be privy to their conversation.  In my case, I got a comprehensive update on a bedbug infestation of a family member that the owner's wife was describing in painstaking detail.  And while the chairs and tables are mismatched and the floor tiles are coming loose in places, the eating surfaces were all impeccably clean and the pictures on the wall gave the joint a homey feel.  And the husband and wife team that run the place have a great rapport with the regular customers getting their lunch fix. 

I ordered the $5.50 gyros and fries and grabbed a seat.  About ten minutes later, a massive foil wrapped gyros was delivered to my table.  I swear that an entire herd of sheep were sacrificed for this meal.  In terms of quantity, the People's Bakery delivered big time.  

On the quality side, things were a little less clear cut. First the negatives:
* The next time I visit, I'm going to ask to have the pita spend a little time on the grill.  This dish deserves better than a cold, doughy pita.
* More tzatziki sauce please!!!  When you give me a metric ton of lamb meat, I need more than a tablespoon of sauce to balance out the dish.
* The same can be said of the tomatoes.  I need more than two very thinly cut slices.

Now the positives:
* The meat was served piping hot, moist and well seasoned.  It was clear this meat wasn't sitting under a heat lamp awaiting the lunch time crush.  The only thing I would have changed is to have a little char on some of the pieces to provide more textural contrast.
* The onions served with the dish were pure awesomeness.  I'll be honest, I usually pick most of the onions off my gyros because they can overpower the other ingredients with their sulfuric pungency.  With a medium dice, these onions were fresh and sweet and complemented each bite.
* I l-o-v-e-d the fries that accompanied the meal.  Salty and crunchy on the outside and hot and moist on the outside.   Yummmmmm.

So, does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet, People's Bakery is an option worth considering.
In addition to sweet treats like donuts and bear claws, they also have lunch and dinner options for cheap. Falafel is not the best in town, but try the gyro, which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu.
Solid donut shop.

+ Nice parking lot
+ Great selection of donuts available, even at 11:30am on a Sunday (most other places are sold out)
+ Totally reasonable prices
+ Donuts are good; I'd say on par with most places, but not quite as good as Greenbush
- Presentation/cabinet could use some work - very narrow space and it's nearly impossible to see what's available
Some secrets are best kept secret.  However I don't want my new donuts find going out of business anytime soon.  I stumbled across this little gem while trying to find some real donuts for my wife to take to her at work.  I found the People's Bakery.  The donuts selection was wonderful.  The wall mentioned some other baked goods as you walk in like scones, but those are no longer available.  The donuts were fantastic.  So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.  
To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner.
Their food and pastries are good, but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had.
I am pretty disappointed with this place.  After it being described as the best gyro in town, I was let down. The gyro is good and it is only $4.50. However, best in town? Eh. 

They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place, but it was just "ok."
I'm giving up another local fave of mine here! 

This place is a hoot!  It's a Mediterranean place owned by three Asian women.  Toni, Suki & Felice do a great job.  They bought the place from a Mediterranean family in 89 or 90 and have being doing it up ever since.

Now, I don't know how authentic all of the dishes are, but they are super tasty!  The hummus is wonderful and creamy with the warm pita.  The lentil soup is delish, creamy and full of flavor.  I love the rosemary chicken & pasta dish too.  Greek salads are always fresh and crispy.  The chicken shushka is my absolute favorite -- shredded chicken cooked in a tomatoey broth over rice.  It's spicy and warm in your tummy!  I also always get a side of grilled veggies -- carrots and zucchini, I don't know how them make them taste so good.

The atmosphere is really casual, but the service is great.  If you're in here more than two or three times, the ladies will remember you.  Especially Suki -- she's the real character of the bunch.  Nothing fancy here -- paper napkins and no tablecloths.   It's almost like being at your crazy Asian auntie's house when she's having Mediterranean night.  

The wine list is just ok, so stick to Athenian beer and you'll be good to go.  Special orders are no problem and take out is easy too.

Parking can be a bit of a problem, as Med House is in the same strip mall at Richardson's and Dick's Hideaway.  Best bet is to park in the back and enter through the back door.
Second night in Phoenix... Chinese did not go well the first night... Let's try something totally different... Was around the 16th Street / Bethany Home area... Didn't want to try Richardson's as it was so busy... Let's try the dark and secluded Mediterranean House!

Surprise! This Greek restaurant is owned by a Korean lady named Suki! What a combo! I asked her why she didn't open a Korean restaurant because you can charge up to $16 for BulGogi or Galbi. I guess she just wanted to try something different.

For starters we tried the Combination Platter which consisted of Hummus, Babaghanoush, and Falafel Balls with Pita Bread. 

I warned my friend, and any person reading this review, that Greek cooking combines herbs unlike no other country in Europe. You have to like the flavor of oregano, mint, garlic, onion, dill and bay leaves, basil, thyme, and grape leaves. Feta (Goat) Cheese is used often in their salads. And their desserts are characterized by the use of nuts and honey.

Suki could tell by my friend's facial expressions that Greek spices were not to his liking; she recommended the Cairo Special as an entree - Egyptian Chicken and Mediterranean Beef combination. The Egyptian Chicken was slightly overcooked, but had a sweet aftertaste which was interesting. The Mediterranean Beef was excellent.

I ordered the Lamb Shish Kabob - which consisted of two big skewers filled with gigantic pieces of Lamb, Onions, Green Peppers and Tomatoes! The Lamb was the tenderest I had in years - EXCELLENT! Of course, you have to like Lamb...

For dessert my friend had the Cheesecake - unfortunately store bought. I had the Baklava, which was delicate and light, with two small cups of Turkish Coffee! The coffee was not as strong as coffee I had in Europe, but is probably the best in Phoenix. (When you drink Turkish Coffee... Stir the coffee OFTEN! Grounds from the coffee will settle to the bottom if you don't... then you'll be drinking Turkish Mud! And stir in about 2-3 teaspoons of sugar, which makes it taste GOOD! I know you're going to say "that much sugar!" when you see such a small cup... trust me! When I was in Europe, my friends would often take me to breakfast establishments that would serve Turkish Coffee. (Many customers would take a couple of shots of Turkish Coffee before their workday began!).

An excellent Greek restaurant... with the proviso that one has to favor Greek spices and herbs.
This happens occasionally, too. Heidi E. and I are friends, but sometimes friends don't agree. Maybe it's a matter of different tastes, or even different experiences, who knows, but I have a very different take on Med House.

I've been eating at Mediterranean House regularly for the last 6 or 7 years. Started with a group of business friends for occasional lunches, then for dinners with my partner, and now it's a couple times a month for take out. (Have to say I prefer take-out for a few reasons: convenient, neighborhood spot; food travels well; only beer + wine when dining in.)

I find the food here to generally be great - though not always consistent, have had one or two just so-so dinners. That said, when the kitchen is on, the food can be spectacular. We usually order the same few dishes - one of the chicken plates and the gyros platter. 

My favorite chicken plate is the Olympic Chicken, which is grilled chicken breast with a really delicious black olive sauce. The Moroccan Chicken is also really good, and maybe a little healthier with it's herbed breasts, honey-yogurt sauce and side of carrots, apple and spinach (which is not cooked, just shredded, but surprisingly good.) If you want rich flavor, go for the Egyptian Chicken, which is pan-fried in parmesan cheese and herbs. If you want spicy, go for the Chicken Shushka, which is more stew-like, flavored with lots of paprika. 

The Gyros platter is a standard favorite, though Med House does it a little different. No shredded lamb here - instead, you get 4 long pieces of juicy, tender meat. I think the quality is better this way, and it makes for a nice dinner presentation. Pita and house-made yogurt-cucumber sauce are still the perfect accompaniments, and If you like spicy, ask for the spicy green sauce - some kind of minced hot green peppers - the flavors match the gyros meat perfectly.

Hummus and Baba Ganouj appetizers are just OK, I suggest the Lentil soup instead - vegetarian, made from scratch, delicious and hearty. Salad is OK as well - dressing can be a little too citrus-y or vinegar-y for my taste, but always fresh feta and crisp veggies. Love the rice pilaf, with almonds and apricots, and the 2 pasta sides - fettucine with creamed spinach or angel hair pasta with sundried tomato and feta - both are rich with flavor.

If you're interested in trying Mediterranean House, I suggest sooner rather than later, as the strip mall where they're located may be seeing some major changes. The building owner has told tenants he'll not be guaranteeing any leases, and most tenants are already gone. Unfortunately, if Med House loses their lease, they may not reopen at all. I'm pretty sad about that, and a couple nights a month I'm sure my stomach and taste buds will be, too.
CLOSING FOR GOOD IN OCTOBER!

I eat here, maybe twice a month, and have never had a bad meal.  I was shocked when Suki (sp?) told me they were closing in October, for good.  Apparently they are having problems with a difficult (to put it nicely) landlord. 

Make plans now to go and enjoy it while it lasts.  

Heidi, have you tried the Egyptian Plate?  We usually go in and start with Hummus, Lentil Soup and then move on to the stuffed grape leaves or Egyptian Plate.  I also like the Falafal pita.
gotta say that this place failed on the majority. service was slow and rude. the hummus was almost all tahini, no lemon juice, and no seasoning. lentil soup was like chef boyardie chili gone bad.

i dont recommend this place at all. lots of choices in the area.
the food was delightful! i've eaten here twice and enjoyed it! the service was very friendly and good place to sit down with your friends and just yap away about your horrible day. the food will cure away your hard day at the office. if not then just go to taco bell and call it a night. 

i also  like the setting inside, it's lighting is a great place to take out a date if both of you are adventurous about trying out a totally different place to eat. HURRY they're closing in October as Bobby Q. stated on his post. 

I will try to go there before their doors are shut for good. :(
NOT CLOSING AFTER ALL!!!

I've been going to Mediterranean House for about 15 years, and I've never had a bad meal there. I went this evening for one last time before they close, and it turns out that they aren't closing! They will be open for at least one more year due a reprieve on the lease situation. Excellent!
Yusef is a cool authentic Middle Eastern food place.

Mr K was right on his warning of wait time for the food, fortunately, ours came out in less than 20 minutes.  Time passes pretty quick in here browsing through the extensive selection of Middle Eastern spices, cheeses, halvas and other specialty foods.  

Solid rendition of gyros and falafel...but the sublime baklava is what will be drawing me back to Yusef...just the right amount of sweetness and a light touch with the rose water.

Tasty and cheap alternative for lunch with sandwiches going for just $4.99 and 2 pieces of buttery baklava for just $1.75

If you're thinking of grabbing a bite for dinner, beware that they close fairly early at 7pm.
Yusef's is my old standby place when I crave middle eastern food, Lebanese style.  The Gyros are excellent, right down to the pickle and the sweet onion... mmmmm.  The portions are generous, and everything is always well prepared.  They serve a hummus dis that I really like... it has beef and pine nuts.  The baklavah is good.  They usually have several different varieties.

The place has always been run by really nice people, but the new owners are the nicest people yet.

About a month ago, I was on the way home from visiting my cousin in the hospital when my growling stomach let me know that no food for 12 hours was not making it happy....  I ran into the store at 6:45 pm.  They close at 7.

The owners were at the front counter.... 

"You're hungry," said the woman looking at me with concern

"yes," I nodded  "Can I get a Gyro, or is it too late."

She looked at her husband... "she's hungry," she said to him... 

He hesitated.

"She's hungry!" the wife repeated...

I knew they had probably cleaned up already and were getting a sandwich even though it was inconvenient.  I was so grateful.  It was the best Gyro I have EVER had...  

I stop there about once a week now, on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though.
Yusef's has to be the largest and cleanest, most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern, you'll find it here. Their hummus is heavy on tahini; the baba ganoush is very good. Haven't sampled their food, but after my overall experience, the Vegetarian Combo is calling my name. Only downside is that they sell premade pitas, which are very generic.
I'm a half-Anglo Mexican, raised on cheesy potatoes (thanks, Mom) and tamales (thanks, Nana). It amazes me that Middle-Eastern food came to be my favorite.

I dig Yusef's. The Gyros are delicious. The hummus is delicious. Everyone is nice. It's cheap. Maybe not Haji-Baba cheap, but if two can get a good lunch for under 15 bucks, that's cheap enough. I've never bought anything from the grocery, save for a chocolate-covered banana candy, but they seem to have a pretty good selection of everything you'd need to make some awesome grub.

I hope they're open today - I'm hungry.
My friend was in the Service and had a craving for some Middle Eastern food so I pulled up Yelp and this seemed to be the closest in my area. I have driven by this place a gajillion times in the last 13 yrs or so and thanks to Yelper's I have learned that not everything is what it seems looks wise. It was 6:30 this Saturday we barely made it in time. It was clean I was happy to sit down inside and get out of the cold.

The server was pretty polite. The food took a little while but it was worth it. I had the Veggie Platter they were out of something they substituted with rice bit it was all good. Great humus and falafel yummmm I want more now lol I love love grape leaves and cant get enough now I know where to go to get my fix! The lentil soup was awesome and served steaming hot in this weather totally hit the spot with fresh pita bread. This was plenty of food perfect for sharing and I'm not even sure I'd ever order that plate for $12.99 on my own. My friend had the lamb kabob and some soup as well and no complaints here either. 

They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!
I've only been inside once for a jar of Nutella.  I know, kinda strange that I would stop at Yusef's for a jar of Nutella but I live right by the place and every deli has Nutella (and Yusef's did too, see-- I told you).

Anyhow, I like this place for one really odd reason-- my Dad buys cherry juice at Yusef's by the case-- he says it helps his kidney stones.  My dad likes the owner and I think they are nice to him, so I am happy about that.

I would like to try some of the fresh food they make, I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so.
We ate here last night.  I was disappointed with the almost everything.  The food was just OK.  Nothing was bad but nothing had me excited at all.  The menu was small even for a Mid-eastern restaurant.  Seating was awkward because you are right next to the isles of food in the market.  I would not go back.
falafel phoenix best falafel best phoenix best falafel phoenix best phoenix falafel phoenix falafel best phoenix best falafel

6 Star Falafel !    IT'S GREEN!

Seriously the best in the valley, perhaps anywhere.  AND IT'S GREEN!

It really does look like some hippies may have cooked up a batch of "Magic Falafel" in the back of their VW camper bus in the Shakedown Street parking lot of a Dead concert.  I'm sure it's more benign spices making these garbanzo flour patties the color of money, grass, and a soccer player's ass, but they are a mos def a HOMEMADE recipe.  I'm not saying all light brown falafel is from a box, but that's what most gyro places are doing.  
     8^ P`.',.`    ---pPbblltptllptbt
I can do box all by myself.

Various kebobs, dolmas, greek and tabouli salads, pita sandwiches -- 
the menu is classic greek fast food deli style, which just like the strip mall pad they occupy, the menu is a bit smaller than it used to be. 
They've changed ownership and also pared down the size of their store significantly since their heyday.  
Yusef's was Best of Phoenix by New Times, or AZ Republic, or Get Out, etc, quite a bit circa 90, 92, 93, 95, 96, 2001 if I remember the signage.  Since then, things have gotten tough in the American economy for a niche market of Middle Eastern folks.  I sure hope they didn't suffer from former customers purposefully avoiding them after 2001 for any sort of discriminatory reasons -- what a shame that would be!

Perusing the aisles of the grocery while waiting for your food to be prepared is like being flashed to an indoor version of an exotic marketplace bazaar (like in the first Indiana Jones movie, or hey, like Shakedown Street) full of strange and enticing shapes and smells and textures, foreign languages, and lots of "What the heck is THIS!?".  

Spice grinders!  Pomegranate juice! Curry powder! Turkish coffee pots!  Anchovie fillets! Fresh Olives! Tamarind extract!
I'm ready for the PARTY!  Where's the Houkka?  THERE IT IS! Up on the wall, several to choose from actually.

My green falafel sandwich was freshly made, hot, and delicious.
Still the best falafel in the Phoenix area (but sadly, it was found to be "Magic" only in it's tasty savory goodness).   Only $5.99 with a soda, or check with the owner on bartering your knit sweater-making skills.

Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?
Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients.
I've been coming to Yusefs now for awhile to get gyro meat to go, along with their fresh feta, pitas and cucumber yogurt. BEST I'VE HAD! Finally I was able to eat there as they have a kitchen and OMG, it was delis and the prices are fabulous. I ordered the lentil soup and holy cow, it was UNREAL! I got the gyro plate with gyro meat and fresh rice (basmati?) and it was fabulous. Gyro Greek salad was amazing too. I love coming here because the owner is nice and very sweet!!!!!

I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!
Great little hole in the wall middle eastern deli. I like their grocery store. You can find many unique and hard to find items. There food is great. LOVE their lentil soup. It is so creamy and flavorful. I have never had lentil soup like this anywhere else. I order it often when I'm sick. Great salad and falafel. Service has always been good. The older man that owns the place is very sweet. 

I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays.
Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.

The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.

I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!

The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!

I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.

Good job Yusef! I liked it!
Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with green interior, and a nice spicy peppery taste that is satisfying.  Cooked just right too for texture.  Fries are a nice side.  Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge.  Note that there's just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place.  To-go will probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
Stopped in for the first time not having known for 10 years that we were neighbors.  I'll start with the fact that the owner/operator was extremely polite greeting you when you enter and welcoming you.  I had my 2 toddlers in tow, and this can be intimidating to most small shop owners knowing one bad move can cause chaos from a toddler.  We sat down ordered some meals, lamb gyro, chicken ka-bob sandwich, hummus.  Easy mediteranean meal almost imposible to mess it up.  We walked in at opening so it took 10 minutes or so for food, but the array of goods in the market to shop made the time fly.  With no prompting they took it upon them selves to split the gyru meal for my kids, which was awesome and a super time saver for me.  The flat bread pita was good more authentic to the chew than the buttery mall version (though I like both).  The meat was perfect the lamb tender with a nice sear on it, very generous thickness as well preserving the meat texture.  their tatziki was a chunky version with great flavor and a crisp cucumber crunch through-out very refreshing in the 100+ degree lunch temps we were having.  The chicken was good with a nice subtle flavor and plenty of juice left inside the well grilled meat.  
The hummus was traditional and very smooth more dip than spread.  
Overall I am super impressed, the market has every canned and jarred good you could imagine from SPAM to stuffed Olive leaves and all stops in between.  The deli counter had a simple variety of olives and various feta cheeses, their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks, and will try to report back.
I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and they serve some good desserts as well. Good selection of Middle Eastern sodas, snacks, and other ingredients as well. I'm a fan!
All I can say is WOW! I have not found filafel this good since moving back home to az. They have all the traditional favorites, boba ganoush (which is EXCELLENT) humos, fattoush, tahini, salads and pretty much everything else. the grocery is stocked full of amazing things.. sauces and spreads, 'pickled' veggies of all kinds , exotic jams, jellies and honies, breads, meats and cheeses, candies, pastries, even found my beloved persian cucumbers :} they also carry a vast assortment of spices and marinades. i LOVE this place. The owner is very nice. I ordered a filafel (they have the GOOD kind, nice and FRESH and green inside like theyre SUPPOSED to be) wrap with sides of humus and boba and it was perfect even down to the nice ripe tomatoes. AND the prices are decent. I highly recomend this place
Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!
Highly recommended for all your middle eastern dietary needs.
My husband's family is Syrian and they swear by this place's falafel, hommus and baba ghanoush (sp?). They have every middle eastern candy, canned good, kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you, it is very cleanly and well-kept inside. You can even order some lentil soup and eat it in a booth by the window.
i got the chicken sheesh kabob plate......rice, chicken, and grilled veggies (2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green pepper, half an onion), lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money
Delightful.  My falafel sandwich ($4.35!) was made with care. It arrived at my table nex to the window in the clean and orderly grocery store very hot, with a generous portion of tomato, just the right amount of onion and tahini sauce that had a bit too much "tahini-tang" for my taste.  The falafel itself was, again, nice and hot, but lacked an crispness to its outer layer.  The flavor of the falafel lacked salt but tasted very fresh and wholesome.  

On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices.
Just had another delicious lunch at Yusef's.  I am lucky enough to have Yusef's as a neighbor to my catering business so when I am tired of what I am cooking, I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home.
I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with, and our order was perfect and so delicious. We got beef, chicken and lamb kebabs, and Greek salad. My co-workers loved it!
Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.
The food is excellent. The prices are very reasonable. The people are pleasant. In addition to the four tables for dining in, there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators, which sound in need of help. This is overall a gem.
When ever I'm in Phoenix I eat at this place 3-4 times over a two week visit to the area. 
This place is located in a quiet strip mall with plenty of parking. The market its self has a nice verity of foods and goodies with several tables in the back to sit and enjoy a good meal. 

Today I took my two cousins with me, we got two kibbi sandwiches, falafel sandwich and a plate of humus with pita to share. I'm 6'4 and can really eat a lot and I am always amazed at how filling their sandwiches are not to mention tasty! For 25 bucks all three of us managed to leave stuffed. They have the quality, taste and price that makes this place a frequent visit on my todo list. 

Ps. Get a plate of cucumber and yogurt with pita, it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!
Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
Princess is great if you're in the area and are looking for a quick, really cheap middle-eastern bite. It's a small grocery store with a small counter in the back where you can order snacks, pita sandwiches and cheese and olives. It's also a great place to go for spices, teas and other middle eastern cooking supplies.
I come for the Al-Wazah tea, which my Saudi friend always used to make. Also, for lunch (it's not too far from my work) I like getting a mix of grape leaves, falafel and hummus. Their hummus is OK but the baba ganoush is actually pretty good. 
They have a lunch buffet, too, but I haven't been adventurous enough to try it, especially since I'm a vegetarian and most of the food seems meaty... 
The place is also stocked with hookahs and other things, like calling cards and Quran-alarm clocks.
I like the idea of all-you-can-eat hummus so much, that Princess earned almost all its stars for that. The lunch buffet consists of this, about Pita Jungle quality-hummus, which most seem to dig unquestioningly, plus a bunch of meat, a delicious chopped salad and rice and soup. I was a vegan at the time I visited, and had no problem stuffing my face with loads of hummus and rice on naan, with a bit of Sriracha hot sauce and loads of the pre-dressed salad. I think the meat is usually lamb (perhaps chicken, as well). Both times I've gone, my companions have been disappointed in this meat. One said it was too dry, the other that it lacked the proper seasoning (my dad's big on seasonings). I'd believe it, but I'd still go back.
This is an interesting little Mediterranean restaurants / market. The decor is very simple. The market takes up about 2/3rds of the space the remainder for the restaurant. It is rarely very busy so getting a table at lunch is easy. I used to get the Chicken Shawarma but since the buffet was put in I just stick with that. All the meats are halal if that is important to you. 

The lunch buffet on Friday and Saturdays is a must, the chicken has some kind of spice that just rocks. I always eat way to much of the chicken. Everyone I have brought here just raves about it.  The buffet is simple with hummus, chopped salad, lamb (I don't eat lamb), chicken, rice, and a couple of other dishes that get rotated. They will also bring hot pita bread upon request. 

The only down comment is that the service is kind of slow with drink refills. On numerous occasions I have had to get up and go to the counter to get a refill of water. No fresh brewed iced tea, booo! There is always one guy (the same guy) waiting tables. The food makes up for this.
Princess here is what the name suggests, & then over on the right side is a restaurant area with a few booths and tables.  I'm not a fan of TVs in a restaurant, but the large-screen one on the wall here had PBS tuned into a nature show, not blaring loud, & seemed to actually ADD something to the whole scene.

Now you can buy food at the deli counter & eat it here, or there's a regular menu & table service if you like... but if you come at the right time on a Friday or Saturday, they have a special treat for you...

A BUFFET!!  :-))   :-))

The buffet makes a complete appearance by about 1 PM on Fridays & Saturdays only, mostly within about 12 unmarked trays in homely serving tables which match the homely restaurant.  The only furnishing in the whole place that's "nice" is the TV, but wait 'til you taste the food!

When you settle in here, a friendly server brings you your water or soft drink, & some nice warm pita bread.  The serving area was not quite ready to go yet when I arrived, & I was also offered a lamb shank to hold me over, which I accepted, & it showed up soon.  MMMMMM!  This place was approaching 5-Stars before they even had all the food out!

Today there was also split-pea (?) soup, pre-tossed salad, several other cold treats, rigatoni with meaty marinara sauce, amazingly good flame-broiled chicken breasts, & a bunch of other things that I can't name, but everything was just TERRIFIC, & the service was just right, too.

Lunch Buffet:  $9.99 including drink.  This place is something special!
This is not a "cute" and eclectic grocery store the trendy crowd will venture to. It's a very unassuming nuts and bolts Middle Eastern grocery store. This is certainly not a date place. This place is simply for those who want the best falafel in the city. I've been searching all over the valley for an authentic falafel with the green batter. There were two people who ran the store and they barely spoke a word. Despite being quiet, they were polite and friendly. There was plenty of room to sit with many tables. I would not recommend this place for those who are not familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine as this is not really a "date" place. However, if you are someone like me and are sick of the faux Middle Eastern/Greek clones and desire the real thing that you would find in a place like Michigan or New York, go here!
Falafel.  Often mispronounced, misunderstood and mocked.  Why is it so hard to find good falafel in these parts?  Who knows?  We are after all, living in a desert.  Princess Market knows how to do falafel just right.  Not too dark.  Inside still moist.  Perfect balance of seasoning.  Dollop of hummus, lettuce, tomato. And don't get me started on those special little pickles.  I didn't even know until a couple of years ago that they were supposed to even be there!  Lovely.  So run, do not walk, to Princess Market for all the middle eastern treats you crave.  Whether it's stocked on their shelves or served up in the cafe, you will not be disappointed.  And by all means, don't forget your smoked herring from good old Brooklyn, NY.  Bonus!
This is a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant. Its part of a market/grocery store as everyone else has already noted. Its a little hidden, and I think that hurts this place a little bit.

Anyways, the food is VERY good. The chicken shawarma is probably some of the best I have ever had. Hummus, yellow rice, and couscous also go very well with the food. There is the garlic-butter sauce that comes with the shawarma and kabobs, and that REALLY makes the food that much better. Gyro plate is also very commendable, but its hard to get this wrong since the gyro comes on a huge slab and rotates on a rotisserie. Yet, a lot of places do get the gyro plate wrong. I think this place does a good job of heating up the gyro meat on the rotisserie and then the grill.

Baklava also deserves a mention. Its damn good. You can get some exotic mediterranean stuff like olives and feta cheese by the pound, i love that stuff.

The pricing of this place along with the good quality food makes this place a hidden gem. Its like $8 for almost any plate you'd want. Its plenty of food per plate, and for under $20 for 2 people, its worth a visit. Its very easy to compare this stuff to haji baba, its a tough pick. However, I think the hummus here tastes much better, it doesn't taste like its straight out of a can. The plates here I think are a better deal. If you just want a gyro sandwich, then go to haji baba.
Great Tasting Gyro! And nice family owned place. They have a great kitchen with a nice simple menu. Try there Bbq chicken too. Great food for catering a party, which I have done multiple times. I also love the variety of sweets that are offered. simply a great place to try out, u always have a chance to post ur own reviews, so why not try it out urself.
The buffet was really delicious, lots of different tasty meats.  The guava juice and baklava were also delicious.  A good meal at a good price.

For the buffet, make sure you get there early since it gets busy quick!
When I was attending the Conservatory of Recording Arts at the Tempe campus I would often run next door to Princess during a break to grab a sandwich. These people rock. Super friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. Highly recommended!! The chicken kabob sandwich is my personal favorite.
I had chicken shawarma I got sick to my stomach when I came back to work ( it was a lunch break with a folk). I'm not sure if it's their food? Or maybe this happens when you try a different cuisine for the first time. But I'm coming back I just dont like the atmosphere inside.
I read one of the reviews below, and I would have to agree with the getting sick to the stomach part. It was not fun, thus, the 3 stars. But then again maybe it has something to do with trying out a different cuisine? Me and my buddy at work would come here at least once a week for lunch for the past couple of months now and I got sick to my stomach maybe twice or three times....But because the food is good, I blame that to being adventurous on foods....

Anyway, I had chicken shawarma sandwich it was only $3.99 and I would say a really great value. To me it's better than the beef shawarma. It always tastes goooood. I often have it with garlic paste. Leaves your mouth pungent tasting and dry but  just chew gum when you go back to work or eat fruits.
I dig this place.  I have been here SO many times for falafel.  The employees are really friendly (sometimes flirty lol) and the food is so filling!  Great prices and great food.  They even sell henna here!  They regularly cater meetings/events at my school.  This was actually the first restaurant I frequented in the Tempe area.  Their yellow rice, hummus and guava juice are mmm mmm good!
I feel that the reviews on here are overrated. "Best falafel in town" my *ss! 

First, let's talk food. I'm not new to Mediterranean food. However, this was my first attempt at eating falafel. Here it's horrible. Tasteless even with the sauce. Burnt on the edges. I have since had falafel elsewhere convinced it was good because I understand the Greeks and Hebrews eat it like popcorn and I have found places with great falafel, just not here as the other rave reviews would suggest. BUT they have great Adas soup. It was really spicy in a good way and nice and creamy. So I can't explain the falafel failure. Overpriced for what you get. I had to eat off my husband's plate to get full. They do bring OK pita bread out to you. 

As far as atmosphere goes, it's lacking a bit. This place is (as somebody wrote) 2/3 market, 1/3 restaurant. They have a sign in the window that says "Allah" and "Mohammed", which I don't think is a good idea. There is definitely NOT outdoor seating as the stats indicate. The tables are the cheap fold-up kind and so are the chairs. The tables are chipped. The waiters serve in a timely manner but don't smile like they would at a chain. They do have a big screen TV that was playing a soccer game but at least the volume was low. 

I can't recommend this place for a date or for families. It's just mediocre.
How did I not know this place was here?  It reminded me quite a bit of Haji Baba's and I still prefer Haji Baba's.  However, the service was wonderful and the food was good.  My kids ordered a second plate of stuffed grape leaves they liked them so much!
This review is, of course, for Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli's BUFFET!     :-))

Shame on me for not having been back to this great place for over two years!  Anyhow, today I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup, a very tender, very delicious lamb shank, & then went on to everything else.  Now they don't label the food here, & it does vary from week to week, so just come & take some of everything & totally enjoy it!  Some of the items I DID recognize were flat bread, great Hummus to put on it, super good flame broiled chicken, & salad.  Whatever the rest of it was, it was all just terrific, & raises this unassuming place right up close to the top compared to every Buffet in the Valley!

This lunch is currently presented for your amazement & delight on Fridays only, from 12 Noon.  The dining room has booths & tables, seats around 50, the staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, it's $9.99, & YOU WANT THIS!!     :-))
Buffet only on Friday!! And today is Wednesday :*(

I went based on other yelp reviews, and it was pretty good.

Not gourmet or anything, and it is a grocery store, but I tend to like this sort of thing and feel more at home, like you're at someone's house at the table in the kitchen.

I got the gyro plate with a few salads on the side.  It's reasonably priced and they serve it with warm pita bread.

Next time I will ask for more salads and less meat (just my personal preference), but everything was tasty. And the tsatziki sauce was yum yum yum.

I'll come back on Friday and check out the buffet.  (Only 12-4!)
Love the princess market! The food is good in the restaurant but I mostly go for the market. Very cheap food! Their prices are amazing and they sell halal meat.
= = = = = =  FRIDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

It's going on a year since I did an Update for this one, so I just wanted to say that yes, they still have the Friday Lunch Buffet, & yes IT'S STILL TERRIFIC!  

Robyn N. joined me here today & I started with a bowl of Lentil Soup & some pita bread with hummus.  Before long, Princess Supercute with her tight little, uh, headscarf brought us each a lamb shank...  very tasty, tender & delicious...  the lamb shank, that is!     :-)

Ok, so soon it was on to Mediterranian style salad, other cold treats including an eggplant dish, & then over to the hot dishes of beef, chicken & lamb (maybe) meatballs.  It's their tradition here to NOT label the food trays, but never mind that because it's all really, really good, & several of the items that were out today will be different when you come anyway.

They DO offer a regular menu here, but come for this great Buffet, served Fridays only from noon, if you can.  The simple dining room area has booths & tables, seats around 50, & is completely comfortable.  The staff is very friendly, they keep Halal, & it's $9.99.

THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE BUFFETS IN THE VALLEY!     :-))
This is the spot! It's become difficult to drive down the 101 without stopping off for a quick gyro and hummus to go! Everything tastes so fresh and is made with the kind of authentic home-cooked middle eastern taste that I've learned to expect. The "main guy" running the shop isn't much of a talker but his honesty is refreshing. And as long as the food keeps tasting amazing at the price remains so reasonable, I'm a patron for life. OOooo and don't forget to try the freshly made baklava! I took a tray into my office last week because I was so excited to share my newfound discovery.
Best Middle Eastern take-out around.  Great quality, fast and affordable. We've not tasted any hummus or baba ganouj better than theirs in the East Valley. Abdul and his staff are very friendly.  We've been getting their take-out for so long, my teenagers think that gyros are called "Princess Pitas."  We've not had a chance to eat in but we see neighbors and friends enjoying the restaurant occasionally.  There's a nice little market, too.
I tried the Friday buffet here with fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, and Robyn. There are just a little over a dozen items but all were really good, and the grilled chicken deserves special mention - it was fantastic, like no other grilled chicken I've tried anywhere else. The other items were mostly standard dishes found in other Mediterranean restaurants, but prepared very well here. Also, each person who partakes of the buffet is served a tender, very nicely seasoned lamb shank - that alone would already justify the price of the whole buffet!  In all it was a really delicious meal, and a really great deal at 10 bucks.
I came here first as a business venture to repair a computer, and was invited back to try the food by the owner's brother. I am SO glad I came back. The Gyro sandwich was the best one I've ever had; it was delicious, and not greasy, nor was it dry. It was just perfect. And the hummus, which is home made, was fantastic. Beats the pants off what I got for twice the cost at Pita Jungle. The baklava? The walnut was good, but the pistachio was divine! 

The prices here are amazing, and the service is excellent. Sadi, the gentleman that invited me back, is a great representation of what excellent customer service is about. He's made me feel like more than just a customer; he made me feel like family here. The store is undergoing some changes (it's been here for over 10 years!) but Sadi is marketing the business out and the food will speak for itself.

They have a Gyro Combo: Gyro, fries, and a fountain drink for $4.95. Come give it a try, get some shisha for your hookah (they're also a middle eastern grocery store), and bring a friend! It's worth it!
I'm a bit of  a Princess when it comes to food...you know...I don't do the greasy man-cave type stuff; fatty meats, etc. So, the first thing that stood out to me here was the Gyro Meat. It's lean, flavorful, and has a nice texture- unlike other places I've dined, even in Scottsdale. They're generous with the Kalamata Olives :) The grilled chicken is amazing...as well as the Shawarma, both beef and chicken. You will have to just let your taste buds experience them. Finally, the Baklava....!!!!

Drumroll please!

Not only do they offer this wonderful treat - but they actually have 3, yes 3 kinds of it! One is even a Lady Finger Style, they are all delish. To top it all, the service is very warm and friendly. Come check them out and bring a friend or two, amazing specials each week.
We came here around 7:15p tonih we walked in and read the sign that said to seat yourself and we did. The man behind the to go order counter area clearly saw us walk in... we waited,  and waited. For about ten minutes we waited for something... anything,  we got nothing... completely ignored. We left, I wonder if the people who went in as we were leaving got the same treatment?
Seriously the best food in town. The chicken shwarma is amazing and the portion is huge. They also have the best hummus I've ever had. The owner and wait staff are helpful and the service is quick. Princess is a must try!
You will love this place, best food ever. They have a lot of options, including a buffet; so basically anything you are in the mood for you will find,
Ordered the #2chicken shwarma plate and the #9kofta plate to go.
Shwarma: perfectly seasoned chicken and rice with garlic sauce, hummus, salad and pita $8.00. Great price and tasted so good.
Kofta: meat was cooked to perfection, moist not dry, seasoned nicely. Came with rice, hummus and pita, substituted arab salad for the garden salad. $8.00. 

They have great prices, you can eat in the market or take it home.
Gyro, fries and soda special for $5.99 and a buffet on Fridays for $9.99.

Yay Amera (Princess)!
Ramadan Kareem!
MMM MMM MMM Thats what i feel about this place. I mean COME ON this is one of the best Arab Food restaurants i think in the WHOLE USA. I know that might be going a bit over board but of all the restaurants i have been to this is the best. I love the Kabob Combo and gyros from there but the best part of the experience is the customer service. Owner is a really nice man and i think his whole family helps out with the shop. :)
What a hidden little surprise this is! I can't believe it's been here for 9 years! Thank you yelp for discoveries like this! 

This is a very nice Mediterranean little market, they even sell huge bottles of avocado oil for $10! The cheapest I could ever find before this has been $20, so I'm pretty excited about that! 

The deli is great!! The Gyro meat is thicker cut and not dry at all (and it didn't give me heartburn, woo hoo!) I brought a friend and she just loved her gyro wrap. The hummus is fresh, homemade tasting, served with a nice drizzle of olive oil on top.... Mmmm super good... 

Service is super friendly and helpful. I'm so glad to have found this little gem! I haven't tried the buffet yet, but I'm definitely looking forward to trying it out in the future.
Yes! Great food in Tempe! I was super impressed. The hummus is good and so was the gyro I had. Staff was friendly and food came quickly (we were REALLY hungry). I will definitely be begging my friends to take me here the next time I'm in Tempe.
What can I say...Love this place. The food is definitely the best mediterranean I've had in the valley. Chicken Shawarma and lamb shank are where it's at. The hummus is thick and delicious too. Go in not expecting much but awesome food at a very reasonable price.
service for us was very pleasant when she was there which was very little BUT the food is excellent baba ganouch  excellent hummus a little pasty falafal the best gyro perfect dolmathes  yummy as well
So my classmates family owns this place but by no means is this review biased...the food really is good! Just look at all the reviews!

Stopped by here recently on my way to Ikea. My favorite items are the chicken shwarma, hummus, baba ganoush, gyros, and falafel and sambusas. I need to try their lamb stew next time, it looks amazing. Definitely check out the market itself, I always pick up some spices, tea, and pita, but they also have some cooking utensils and frozen foods. The only thing I wish they had was halal meat but no butcher shop here :/ The food is worth the trip from Glendale!
It's very good food ,, I love it and I will come back here every time I come to AZ .. Ppl work here very nice too
Almost easy to miss, in a strip mall right before the 101 freeway.  Dining area is clean, staff is very friendly. We ordered the princess combo which comes with chicken shawerma, beef shawerma, chicken and beef kabob, rice, hummus and salad. All the meat was very good, cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Hummus was excellent. We also tried the falafel which I loved, perfect recipe and cooked perfectly. There's a market inside so you can shop after you eat. All in all, it was a great lunch experience.
Forgot to mention the Prices are great & just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious !
I'm incredibly impressed by this deli. THE best Mediterranean food I've had in Tempe. The hummus was light, fluffy and scrumptious, and their beef, lamb and chicken platters are my go-to college dinners (and they're healthy!!) Do not hesitate to try their baklava, for it will be one one of the greatest decisions of your day! 
The staff is always happy to see me, and have a casual conversation. The store also has a wide variety of groceries to buy! Could spend a good hour or two browsing.
Best Mediterranean food in the area with great service. I have Celiacs and can eat here! Their Lentil soup and Greek salad is delicious. Their coffee is a heavenly treat. My favorite lunch place in the valley!
AMAZING hummus. Everything we ordered was great. The owner was there and gave us a free sample of Baba ghannouge and some baklava, which was the best I ever had, just because it was our first time there and he could tell we were enjoying our food and hoped we would give some good word of mouth about this place. To say the least I set up this yelp account to do just that.
Best food ever!! The falafel is the best in town, crispy outside and nice and moist inside. I also had the chicken shawarma entree, super yummy!! Everything is fresh, great customer service. It's family owned. You can't go wrong with this place at all, a must try!!
Best midetterianian food
Great kabab
Great hommus
Great service
Cons: it took long time
This place is fantastic, the food selection is awesome and the prices are very affordable.  The owners have consistently greeted us with open arms and a great dining experience.  The princess combo for two, was a steal, easily filling up 2 people. The market has a nice variety of international foods as well. Highly recommend.
Absolutely delicious food... the employees are SO friendly & welcoming... true, genuine mediterranean meals. The atmosphere is wonderful, as well. Service is consistently great. I would definitely recommend Princess to anyone!
We stopped here after some business in Mesa.  We were looking for a snack, Yelped it, and boom.  Mediterranean it was.  Had falafel sandwiches which were AWESOME.  Fresh, crispy falafel (not warmed over) in homemade pita bread. Perfect size.  I eyed the buffet and other offerings.  It all looked and smelled great.  Awesome specialty grocery items.  Don't be intimidated or put off by the looks.  It's a DELI not a high dining experience.  And it is a great deli.  I will be back.
The food here is pretty amazing. The service, not so much, is very slow. I might not go here for lunch anymore unless it was take out. But the food alone keeps me a fan! Then you can stock up on whatever Mediterranean items you need in the attached market!
It's about time i got this review posted considering I have been eating lunch here at least once a week since I was told how close to work this was.

The food here is really good and fresh. I am a huge fan of middle eastern cuisine and I was surprised they had one of my favorites, kafta, on the menu. The kofta here is great it gets a nice light char from the grill on the outside but is still juicy and tender on the inside. I love it. The fact that the platter is only $8 and comes with rice, hummus and salad is a deal I can't pass up.

Those who know me know that I am picky on what hummus I enjoy since i have been making my own for almost 20 years. The hummus here is the rare exception to my normal rule that I don't like the super smooth and creamy hummus. I am not sure what exactly it is but I like it here.

For lunch I usually get the tabouli instead of the salad as my second side. It's really fresh and has a nice bite to it. I usually mix it with some hummus and apply to pita bread as the flavors work well together.

As for other things on the menu I have sampled most of their range of baklava thanks to the great yelp check in deal they had. I really liked the walnut but usually I will just look into the case and point at whatever looks good. That plan hasn't left me disappointed yet so I think I will stick with it. For entree's the chicken shwarma is my second favorite, the garlic sauce really makes this dish; the beef shawarma is pretty tasty but I have a hard time passing over the chicken for this one.

The staff is friendly and I can't find a negative thing to say about this place. Check it out and you will be happy you did.
Iv been coming here on and off for a couple of years so that should tell you what kind of a restaurant it is, you wouldn't come out of your way to come here but if you happen to be closer by and are craving some Arabic/med/greek food then this place is pretty good. Portions are a bit on the small side, which is unusual for the kind of restaurant that it is. What pisses me off is that the don't have unlimited lamb shanks in their buffet anymore, which kinda defeats the purpose of a buffet. Now you can only get one per buffet, and it was the only thing that you could convince your brain to cough up 10 something bucks for the other things are ehh. You're better off ordering something from their menu, the things on there are actually good.
This place was pretty good not bad in price either. I purchased a gyro sandwich and it was pretty good. Good flavors, a bit dry on the meat and pita. I would come back for another. 
Staff: was nice 
Store: was interesting to check out a different culture of foods and shopping. Clean place.
My realtor introduced me to this place when I just moved to Arizona about nine years ago in search of a great Mediterranean place. I seriously can't get enough of the great food they make, I have to admit I eat here several times a week and every time I eat there I take some extra home for a midnight snack. The Princess Mediterranean Market & Deli what a great place for lunch or dinner.

My mouth waters when I I think of menu, and time and time again I order the Chicken shawarma hummus and tabouleh (what a healthy value meal) The Princess also prepares also gyros, shawarma, sandwiches, the best lamb shank in town as well as sides like hummus and tabouleh, and desserts like baklava, and my favorite namura.
Amazing Mediterranean food in an understated building. Great hummus and pita and chicken shawarma. Definitely go here!
Excellent hummus. Great prices. Yummy!
Very good food and you can't beat the price. One of my favorite places to eat for lunch.
I have had their Gyro plate and sandwich, they are the best and very flavorful! I have only been here 5 time but every time I enjoy what I eat!
Everything I've eaten here has been amazing. It's the best mediterranean food I've had in the valley. Simple ingredients freshly prepared result in rich flavors. The chicken kabob is really good, especially with their garlic/potato sauce. I also ordered the vegetarian combo which is an assortment of the side dishes, nothing was disappointing. The service and prices are also hard to beat.  Dinner for two was under $25 and I left without room in my stomach for anything else.
Authentic family ran medi food.  This place is good and has great healthy options.  The hummus is fresh!
Place was awesome, amazing shawarma and they had this garlic sauce that was amazing. This place is also a grocery stores, those are usually the best.
We've been coming here for years and there is no other place to go for delicious Mediterranean food. I've tried just about every plate they have and they are all on point. When my wife and I come home from a long day of work on Friday nights it is fantastic to pick up some Princess, crack open a bottle of wine and watch a movie.

The spices in the grocery are great too--picked up some sesame seeds tonight for a fifth of the price you would get at a grocery store.
If you like great food and great prices, you'll love this place.  It would be hard to recommend one dish because I've eaten here enough to sample just about everything on the menu and it's all good. Not sure what it is about the combination of foods, but I feel satisfied for hours after a combo plate with hummus, rice and tabouli.  Go - you won't be disappointed.
Excellent food and service. Very authentic cuisine. All homemade and fresh. Falafel amazing. Chicken kabobs delicious. Rice is gluten free!!!  Truly wonderful service. Will definitely come back!
This place was awesome in every way.  The food is very authentic and delicious.  I tried everything on the menu and I have no complaints.  If you like a superb middle eastern food then this is the place.  Make sure to try the Falafel, it is the best in Az.  Over all great experience and the staff is very friendly and I will be coming back soon!
Amazing! Best meats I've ever had! Definitely recommend this place, come at least 2-3 times per week.
Went in for the Princess Platter with my wife and very much enjoyed the meal.  Service was good, we would certainloy return
You're new to this populated desert, left 24 hour fitness and have a huge urge to eat Mediterranean food....Yelp to the rescue! 

I didn't really know what to expect from the place. It was 20 minutes before closing and the place is pretty much closing. 

Food: 
Ordered the Kabob combo to try a mixture of items. 
Chicken kabob: Dry chicken because they use chicken breast but packed with flavor. I would suggest chicken thigh meat. 
Kofta - Not the best I've had, but no complaints either. Right soft bouncy texture with enough flavor. 
Steak - The best one! Came medium rare. Soft and flavorful (same spices as the chicken kabob). 
Hummus - Smooth texture. 

Service: 
They took my order and money with a smile. Not much service necessary at a place like this. 

Environment: 
Order in a grocery store type counter and pay for it in an actual grocery store counter. You can eat it in the grocery store if you want....awkward Asian guy sitting in the store....no thanks. 

Price: 
$11.50 for quite a bit of food. I thought it was fairly priced. 

Food: 4
Service: 3
Environment: 3 
Price: 4
I went here for the first time the other day and tried the gyro plate my son ordered the beef shawarma. Everything was good and the staff was very friendly and even gave us a sample of baklava. They give you a lot of food for cheap prices. I will be back.
I ended up here after checking my Yelp app during a doctor's appointment in the area. I am SO GLAD I found it!
I love ethnic grocery stores. I can get sucked in and explore for hours. They had a lot of Middle Eastern foods, with American items in the mix, too. 
The staff is great! I was greeted as soon as I walked in. 
I got the beef gyro plate, which came with your choice of 3 sides. I got the hummus, baba ghanoush, and tabbouleh. They also offer fries, but why the heck would I get fries at a Mediterranean deli? Crazy talk!
The meat was sliced thinly, super tender, and had the right amount of grease. Hey, if you're gonna eat meat, you gotta have some grease, right? RIGHT? The sides were great, too. They were drizzled with olive oil, which always tells me I'm at a place that knows how to make the food they are advertising.
I have the leftovers in the fridge, and can't wait to eat it! I will definitely be back. Again. And again. And again.
Food here is great, had the chicken schwarma with salad and rice. My partner had the same with hummus, I heavily endorse eating here. I'm coming back that's for sure. Also they have lovely baklava.
After trying a number of other Mediterranean places and being somewhat disappointed at every turn, I finally managed to find myself in the vicinity of Princess for a weekend lunch. As with many of the best restaurants in the area, the exterior doesn't look like much, but our fortunes changed once we got inside. The waitstaff was courteous and patient with my questions, and although the food took a while to come, it was absolutely worth the wait. I split a side of falafel and the Princess combo with a friend, and both were excellent. One recommendation for those who order platters here: you can switch around the default sides, for example, having tabbouleh instead of garden salad, or baba ganoush instead of rice, and I recommend this. You get a free baklava (or drink) for checking in, and I love the pistachio. When we went, the owner gave us not only this, but a piece of almond baklava, and another dessert to try. Have some turkish coffee to wash it down with, and you're set. Definitely recommended.
Good food, great service!
Great food!  They have a wonderful option of dishes to choose from.  Family owned local business with great service and excellent desserts!
A very unique and very tasty experience! I ordered the gyro combo for a very affordable 7.50. They gave generous portions of meat, salad, rice, and hummus. What really made this plate "pop" was how well everything was seasoned. You can tell that they put great care into everything they cook. Add a friendly waitress and nice, appropriate music music for the perfect atmosphere, and you've got a repeat customer.
I am disappointed to say that the customer is not first nor right at Princess. They have forgotten who keeps them in business, it is paying customers. The buffet last night was horrible...picked over, nothing left and the staff (family) on duty could care less, because THEY ate first!!! When I asked for it to be replenished, their response was, "Kitchen's closed, sorry. " This was at 8:15 pm, the buffet started at 7:30!!! I am sorry to say, I will no longer be making the 20 min drive and giving my business to this once great family owned business. Unfortunately the service has diminished greatly with the passing of the owner. He would be ashamed how his staff (family) treated their guests. This has been the 2nd time in as many weeks. Sad...because I really enjoyed the food. I hope they figure it out quickly, because at this pace, they won't be around to carry on the family business.
I was watching the news this morning, Greece is on fire. The idea of this wonderful country burning down one forest at a time is upsetting and disastrous. This is a country I have always wanted to see and know that it will be years before its forests can recover from the devastation.  As I'm watching this devastating news my tummy starts to rumble and I think, Alladin's. Alladin's will help to make me feel better, I need to connect with the people somehow. Why not with food?

Alladin's Kitchen is a wonderful Middle Eastern restaurant serving up fantastic hummus, baba ganoush as well as other Mediterranean favorites. They also make some of the best stuffed grape leaves Ive had to date. The menu is very accessible as well as priced extremely well. Do yourself a favor and try the chicken shawarma wrapped in soft grilled pita as well as the gyros. 

i know eating the foods of the Middle East isn't going to put out the fires and bring back the loss of the nations people but the food did make me feel better.
I'm a fan of Aladdin, except when I'm in a hurry.  The owner told me that he prepare everything from scratch.  But it all does take a while.  So go ahead and call in your order for some kick@#$ gyro or chicken shawarma, or just be patient.  Home cooking takes time.
Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! This place is great! First of all the owners are a very nice Lebanese family, the husband and his wife are the ones always working, they are so nice and friendley!

The food is amazing, their beef shawerma is very different than anyone elses, they actually use FILET MIGNON for their shawerma, which is a nice change sometimes from regular beef shawerma.

Their Baba Ganoush is so good, you might eat your fingers after it *Egyptian saying, sorry, lol*
My experience here was awesome from start to finish.  I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to "please, sit down, be at home".  Awesome.

I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there.  Huge bonus.

I had a half chicken shawarma and  half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce.  I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try.  Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma.  Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety.  

I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake.  Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs.  A+!
Aladdins is the diamond in the rough. In fact we're getting take-out tonight!

The inside of the place is all the things everyone mentioned...but the FOOD! Oh, the FOOD. It's to die for.

I do like it better when his salad isn't as spicey, and I am in love with the garlic sauce that comes with the chicken shwarma. His hummus is the best in the city. I promise. 

Sadly, our other mediterranean choice Sabuddy's is gone so Aladdins doesn't just gets some of our business, it gets ALL of our business! At least when we have a hankering for mediterranean.

John & his wife are good people. They talk to you, they know you. When I was pregnant I don't think I ever went in (hubby did instead) & then one day I showed up to pick up an order & he asked me where I'd been!!!! Umm..gestating. Thanks for asking!  Then there was the day his produce shipment was late - so he was shopping at the grocery! Asked about our family and always has a smile. These are very hard working, honest people. 

Word to the wise: Do NOT eat if you're going on a date or need to make a good impression - you WILL stink like garlic! The stuff is strong! My husband used to try & hide that he went without me until he realized he brought the evidence home.
I was looking for a middle eastern eatery so I found the other reviews to be helpful, & tried the place out. Yes, the owner is friendly, and the food was good, but here's what they didn't tell me... 

This place isn't really a restaurant, its more like a fast food joint with tables. Sorry, I'm an adult- I don't do Styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. For dinner, we were the only people in the place. Wifey had a chicken plate, and I had 3 side dishes, all good, with diet Pepsi. Bill came to THIRTY-FRICKIN'-DOLLARS!!!!!!!!@#$%%#$@!&*^!!! For that kind of dough, I would have much preferred to go somewhere else.I'm not a cheap bastard, but I do expect to get what I pay for, like ceramic plates and metal silverware. I am still in search of a decent middle eastern RESTAURANT!
This place rocks! The food is absolutely delicious. The Hummus is amazing and only fresh ingredients are used. We try to go there weekly as it is that good.
We've been coming here for years and are so grateful to have such great, healthy, affordable take-out nearby.  The grape leaves are awesome, as is the hummus. My husband loves the falafal sandwich, I'm partial to the chicken schwarma. When he has baklava (which is sometimes) we always get it, as it's so yummy. The owner is a sweetheart and a hard-working guy that always makes me smile. We always do take-out since we live nearby. He has tables but it's pretty rustic (it's all about the food, not the ambiance) Delish!!!
My husband and I went to Aladdin's today for the first time and we LOVED IT!!!! We started with the eggplant dip/pita (I can't remember what it's called) and OMG, sooooo good. I  ordered the gyro wrap/salad and my husband ordered the chicken shwarma wrap as our main course, very delicious.

We love hole in the wall places and unlike others, we enjoy good food - served on china or paper plates. It's all about the food, right?

We will be back again (probably tomorrow).

I recommend this place highly!
Just found this place recently. Love the fresh food- wow the chicken is great, very heavy on the garlic so make sure you have your breath mints handy if you eat there for lunch on a work day! I thought the place looked clean, despite what some people here have said. Not really what I'd call "a hole in the wall," but just a casual Mom and Pop joint. Perfect for this kind of food.
Great for Lunch or Dinner, the food is great and affordable.  You can sit and dine in or just as easy take out your order.  I've never had a bad meal and the garlic is just perfect.  You can phone in an order too, John will tell you to the minute when it will be available for pickup.
****UPDATE***** It looks like they have closed. (SCREAMING with SADNESS!) If they open up another restaurant and you find it please, PLEASE leave me a message here so we can go to their new place. I'm so bummed, we loved that place. Wishing you well John!!!!!
So sad that Aladdin's is closed. This was by far some of the Best Middle Eastern eats in the valley. I sure hope they open a new place in a better location. Already missing their garlic dressing!
Byblos has some of the best Middle Eastern food I've ever tasted. Their falafels and Tzatziki are delicious. And the restaurant serves up an amazing tomato cream soup which will have you lapping up every last bite. This is a great lunchtime destination.
This place was so weird!  I had heard good things from friends (and other Yelpers) but I was so disappointed!

My fella and I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers there (!?).  We were shown to a table by a unfriendly gentleman who did not smile or greet us in any way. 

He returned to take our order, gave us a cold glare to tell us that he disapproved of our choices, and then wandered off to the kitchen.  We could hear him yelling at the cook to "make sure to make my vegetarian lasagna WITHOUT meat in it"... yeah, thanks, I would appreciate that.  Eventually he brought us our food, scowled, and left us alone for the rest of our meal.  What was up with this old man?  Who ran over his puppy?

Also, someone was fiddling with the music in the place, eventually deciding we should all listen to hip-hop.  :|

The food was tasty, but the experience ruined it.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
This place sucks.

Now I understand that's not the most helpful assessment, so I'll elaborate to save you from ending up at this crap hole should you think, "Oh Erica, you must have just been cranky that day!" Not so.

It all started when I had a craving for hummus earlier this week. I work too far from just about every hummus slinging place in Tempe but Byblos. So I decided to try something new, and was left with a sour taste in my mouth.

First off, the place is located in a shitty plaza of decaying shops (home to the Yucca Tap Lounge if that's any indication) and it's right next door to a Mexican food restaurant that I've never seen anyone enter or leave, so it looks like a front for some shady 'business' dealings. But my craving would not be deterred by a craptastic plaza, after all, Capistrano's is in the same plaza and it's delicious. Looks aren't everything. Hummus would be had.

We enter. It's empty and dumpy looking. The only people here have a mean age of 70. We significantly bring this average down. Waaaay down. We are escorted to a table and peruse the menu. The server (I assume it's the unfriendly server you had, Kelly B., because he looked like he had a stick up his ass that had been festering there for the past 60 years) took our drink orders and came back with two itsy bitsy little cups. Seriously? You're going to charge me 2.50 for six ounces of lemonade? We order. He frowns for the umpteenth time in our short interaction and waddles off to the kitchen. The food arrives.

The hummus was straight up GROSS, and the pita bread was shockingly similar to cardboard. The hummus tasted sour with a texture that was a combination between chalk and paste. If I can corner a five year old, I'm going to conduct a taste test between the two substances and see if there's any discernable difference. My money's on no. The presentation was nice, with pickles, tomatoes, olive oil and parsley, but if I wrap a piece of dried up dog shit in ribbons and bows, your gift would still be a piece of dried up dog shit. Maybe you could use it as a paper weight? 

The tomato soup that came along with lunch was pretty decent,and the gyro meat was well spiced. But the fact that my gyro was wrapped in the aforementioned cardboard pita bread was really unappetizing. It's like they took rock hard, stale pita bread, heated it in the microwave to make it pliable, molded it and let it cool in its rigid formation. 

So if you're 70 and your senses are slowly numbing, you might like this place. Other than that, stay away. It's unwelcoming and unappetizing. The antithesis of what a restaurant should be. Let it slowly decay along with the rest of the shops lining this creepy little plaza at the corner of Mill and Southern.
Best soup ever! I saw the other reviews and yes the server (the only server) is elderly and wobbles but he is not unfriendly just misunderstood I believe.... OK so here is what I always have there, the tomato soup (a wonderful creamy tomato soup that is to die for and please don't put those unsavory crackers in....) then I would go for an order of fries and garlic dip so yum! then the chicken sandwich that is garlic infused and amazing!!! I've also had their moussaka and was impressed as well as the shawarma beef which was excellently seasoned and marinated. You won't be disappointed but look beyond the surface on this one. Also on some Fridays they have  belly dancing shows..... so great for a night out with a large group! check it out!
I love eating at Byblos.  The food there is great!  I love their hummus w/meat & pine and their pita bread has always tasted pretty good to me.  The tomato soup is awesome and the rest of their dishes are SO good.  The one waiter everyone is talking about?  I've never thought he was rude, he's just quiet and old.  Gosh, give him a break!  I don't know how most of these reviewers have never run into the owner.  He's awesome!  Half the time he's the one who will wait on you and he's super nice and friendly.  He's always willing to make recommendations.  Sure it's not in some upscale neighborhood, but the food is good.
On my quest for the best Shawarma in the valley, I came across Byblos. I called in for a pick-up order, and did not get a chance to experience the dine-in. I thought the food was great, a bit much at $12.95, but did not disappoint. When I came in to pick up the order, I did notice the place seemed extremely quiet. I wonder why? I don't get too eccentric with my middle eastern tastes, but Shawarma is a great dish, chicken or beef. An interesting note: Al Pastor tacos, come from this Mediterranean dish. I need to look up the history of this connection.
Ok...this place is *REALLY* outdated...HOWEVER, the food was great.  The Veggie plate was gone fast (barely got to taste any of it ... wife loved it) and my Gryo plate was very good as well.  This is the ONLY other place that I've been to where the Felafel was great!  I've been to only one other place...
It's been close to a year since we've last visited Byblos.  The lamb shanks here are so delicious, and they are served over brown rice studded with nuts.  I never have to twist my Mom's arm to dine here.  We both love the tomato bisque ("to die for"), although it's been two years since I've had it due to food allergies.  The hummus was good everytime we've gone, and I really like how it's served with wedges of tomatoes and a couple of cornichon (?) pickles.  We always ask for warm, toasted pitas.  Reading over the recent reviews, I wonder if management have switched to lower-quality ingredients?

The chicken kabobs are pretty tasty, as well, but do try their lamb shank dinners!  I'd skip the desserts here.

I do have two complaints: This venue ALWAYS reeks of sanitizer; at least on all four or five times we've visited.  It's a really huge turn-off.  Another is the surly service from the much older man.  I used to think it was just a culture difference, but now I just think he's not happy working there.

The restaurant could use a designer to spruce up the counter setting a bit.  As it stood a year ago, the entrance hallway looks more like an office in a decrepit building more than a space where customers wait to be seated and desserts are displayed.  On a postive note, the women's restroom was clean whenever I had to use it.
I met Yelpette's Georgie S and Sunny B today for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the experience. In addition to famously amazing company, the food was really good, we had quick and efficient service and I was happy with the portions and price. 

We started with Hummus, which came out immediately. It was pretty tasty. Both Sunny and I had the falafel pita/ sandwich. I was really impressed with how moist the falafel was. Normally it comes out really dry. We also got soup with our meal. I had tomato, which was EXCELLENT and she had the lentil. I forgot to ask how it was. Georgie had some chicken and rice thing which looked good and she said she enjoyed. 

Our server was a little aggressive with Georgie and Sunny because they didn't finish all of their food (yeah... I'm a big pig and devoured everything in front of me) but I think he was just trying to ensure they were happy with their meals. 

For the three of us plus the takeaway chicken sandwich for my sister, the $34 tab was extremely reasonable and they handled our multiple payment methods like a champ! 

Next time I am in Tempe and in the mood for some falafel, I will be back!!!
This is my absolute favorite middle eastern restaurant.  I have only been there 2 or 3 times, but for some reason I'm always treated like family.  The place has never been crowded and you get individual attention from the waiter/owner.  Everything on the menu from soup to shawarma is top notch.  The only downside to Byblos is that they do not make their own pitas from scratch as they are regular ole store bought ones :(
Two things seemed to stand out  when I read the reviews of this place before dining here: good food, but less-than-stellar service. And that's pretty much what I experienced when I had dinner here with friends. We weren't sure how many would be in our group, but eight of us had arrived and two small square tables had been joined together for us - a good fit for six people, but a tight and only marginally acceptable fit for our party of eight. When another person called and said she would be joining, we requested that an adjoining small table be added to our joint tables, which would have also eased up our cramped arrangement. Instead, the dour old man mentioned in the other reviews grouchily insisted on just adding another setting to one end of the grouped tables, forcing two people to squeeze into that small space. This is extremely unreasonable given that all the tables around our party were empty and remained so for the time we were there; in fact, very few other people were dining in the restaurant that evening. The gentleman who took our order was a lot more friendly but gave us a strange high-pressure sales pitch for some dishes, as Jenny R. had warned in her review. I had given my order for keufta khachkach, but he kept pushing the beef stroganoff, saying that they may not have enough ingredients for my order (... huh!?) He desisted when I told him I can't have a cream-based dish (actually I can; I just didn't want another dish being pushed on me). It turned out they did have enough ingredients for my dish after all ... how 'bout that!

I must say that the food was good, and reasonably priced for the quality and quantity. And everyone in the party agreed about the quality of the food they got.  My rating for the food alone: four and a half stars; for the service alone, one and a half stars; therefore, a 3-star average. If you plan to dine here, expect good food as a reward for your putting up with the service that tries your patience.
went with a group of about 20 ladies on a wednesday evening about 6:30pm. The owner/waiter was very helpful and humorous.  Each entree comes with soup or salad, choices of soup were lentil or tomato.  I had the tomato and thought it was delicious! Only one lady in the group mentioned she thought it was a little salty.  The lentil was also good according to the ladies that had it.  I ordered middle eastern tea, which was lovely.  Just the right amount of sweet and it had very pleasant taste.  My entree was vegetable mousakka, which came with rice pilav.  The pilav was good but I thought the mousakka was very greasy and I could only finish half and I skipped dessert.
Byblos has great food.  It's a family owned business and sometimes a little quirky but not in a bad way!  The food is authentic and worth any amount of waiting (lunch they are quick, I've waited longer for dinner when they've been busy).  Definitely go for the tomato soup, it's VERY good.  Shwarma beef is also a recommendation, I've had it over 20 times.  Their hummus and tebouleh salad is also some of the best in town.  Lastly, the honey pudding simply cannot be put into words.  If you at all like anything custard/creamy/pudding-like, just order it and thank me later.
Byblos! This place is fantastic! I had been going to the Yucca Tap Room (which is a dive bar and venue a hop skip and jump down the ways) for a few years and was always curious about it. "I should check that out someday." Finally a friend, that I shan't name because her betrayal is still too fresh (DAMN YOU FIDDLE R! DAMN YOU TO HELLLLLLlllll!), said, "Hey a'hole, let's go here for lunch." or something like that and I replied, 'Right on, bi'ch!' or something like that and I've been in love ever since; except on Mondays (I don't like Mondays *tell me why* I don't like Mondayyys...). 

Mondays the service is really bad (please note business hours). Every other time I've been (I've only done lunch, penciled that shit in and everythin', yo!) and the service was exceptional. Never you mind the previous naysayer reviews about the service being poor, those people that wrote that were obviously paid by jihadi extremists who are trying to destroy the lovely owners of Bybols because they love America. You know they love us as soon as you bite into anything they've made. The homos was the first thing to touch my lips, so creamy and warm and I swear (I don't believe in a god/s by the by) that I heard the National Anthem play with the first bite. How could someone that doesn't love America give us such wonderful food? They couldn't! PROOF! F U terrorists and mercenary reviewer bastards!

After the National Anthem finished playing (it always plays every time I eat there but this particular time I was solo) I was serve a Lebanese beer (Almaza or something like that) that the owner recommended to go with my dish which he also recommended. oh em gee golly wiz! Lamb roasted in stomach lining with rice (can't remember what the dish was called; it was a special that day) and garnish and "to kill for" lentil soup. So good! Forget the virgins or white grapes or whatever translation you read this dish would be reward enough in this world not to ever want to be die a martyr.

After I recovered a bit from the food coma to pay my bill and leave I stopped to convert to Islam and grab a mint or handful and joyfully walked out the door.

The care put into the few dishes I've had here seems to follow through into everything about Byblos. Please, stop by and try something, you will enjoy it more than these words can tell. There is so much I still need to love there that I have yet to even try. This being laid off and going back to school has it's draw backs. Going out for good food when ever the urge strikes you is one and strippers is the other. They're just not as friendly when the only thing in your pants is fleshy.

Support you local business especially when it's this good and loves America so much.
For a special occasion, there is no better place to go than this great Lebanese restaurant. The owners are such wonderful people. They always recognize your and your family when you come in to visit - even if it's only a few times a year. There is always the lamb special - leg of lamb stuffed with a blend of rice, pine nuts, and almond slivers roasted for 5-7 hours until it's falling off the bone. The lamb is served on a bed of the rice and has SO much flavor. My father always enjoys the lamb shank - in a beautiful tomato-based sauce. The meat is always tender and scrumptious.

I almost forgot to mention the soup! If you are lucky enough to get there on a night when they have the tomato soup, DO IT! The lentil is also quite tasty, however. Don't forget dessert...they make a delightful pudding with rosewater and sprinkled with crushed pistachios and drizzled with honey. Oh man...
I LOVE THIS PLACE! By far the best tomato soup EVER! The service is awesome, very nice owners. The hummus is great. I come here as often as I can. Good atmosphere and great food. 5 thumbs up for me!
This is my FAVORITE Middle Eastern (or any other kind of  food) restaurant in town! I ADORE Byblos and go there every single year for my birthday.
The food is amazing and they have vegetarian dishes as well as beef, lamb and chicken dishes. My personal favorite is the keufta kache kache, along with felafel, tabouli salad and Middle Eastern tea. The desserts are lovely and decadent as well. Highly recommended- family owned and operated- lovely ambiance and great food!
I've been going to Byblos since I was a little girl and my family would take me. The owner still recognizes my whole family and always gives us a warm personal greeting. The food is absolutely fabulous and authentic, and the atmosphere is relaxed without being seedy. It's family owned, and you can always tell you're going to get great service. The hummus with beef and pine nuts is an absolute favorite, and I won't eat hummus anywhere else. The baklava is amazing, done in the old broom handle style. The pita is always fresh and warm, and the lamb dishes are just fabulous. For a nice dinner or a special occasion, Byblos is definitely the place to go if you want great food and service.
i'm only giving this place four stars because i haven't actually been in, just take out and Matthew went to go pick it up.

i must say, super delicious. the gyro i ordered was huge and meaty, just like i like it. Matthew got falafel, which i hate, but he said it was fantastic.
it came with lentil soup, which was terribly comforting, although unfamiliar territory for me. it was a wonderful discovery,  

they just finished remodeling, so i think it may be time to go and dine in.
i'm excited.
Unfortunately still in pissy mood at going 0 for 3 in last new restaurant attempts.  Once again, a brief review filled with disappointment and regret.  

Started with the Spanakopita, which was labelled as a Spinach Cheese Pie for $3.95.  It was cold.  What should have been flaky heavenly goodness in the form of phyllo dough was just greasy congealed torture, which was quite impressive with how this was so damn cold.  Maybe they should've left this in the microwave longer.  Blah.

Entree that was recommended as their house specialty was their oven roasted lamb for $11.95.  It was halfway edible as the rice was sorta interesting with pine nuts for a nice crunch, but was a little dry.  And then the lamb.  It probably wouldn't be fair to say it was dry, it would be more fair to say it was Arizonan desert sand masquerading as meat.  

Damnit, so disappointed again I can't even think of a witty way to end this review.  God bless the edit button, I'll have to come back with something.
I love only certain dishes here!  Tabouli is absolutely delicious and refreshing.  I like their tabouli more than Cafe Istanbul. Their hummus is perfect, but so is Cafe Istanbul's so that's a tie for me.  I always enjoy their tomato soup, mmmmm.  I usually get the arayess and enjoy it every time.  Look forward to trying more, but always like to stick to those I enjoy.
This is a great place. Lady is very friendly. Tomato Soup is excellent. Nice family atmosphere, relaxing and charming for a night out.
Stopped into this nice, mid-sized Middle Eastern restaurant for lunch today, got situated in a comfortable booth, & ordered the "Oven Roasted Lamb Platter" ($10.95).  It started with a cup of my choice of soups (Lentil), & then at the appropriate time the lamb arrived, served as tender chunks topping a neatly shaped pile of brown rice with tasty nut slices in it, several garnish items around the edge of the plate, a basket of flatbread, & a cup of sweet green mystery sauce which seemed to taste best with a piece of the lamb dipped into it & then both cuddled up into some bread.

I liked the food here, & the portion sizes were good.  If you're not a lamb person, a number of other lunch combinations could be put together for about the same cost or less.

I DO have a negative to throw out though.  The proprietor, Mr. Mirza, was my server, & he was a cold sort of a fellow, as if he disliked me from the moment I entered.  At least that's the way it came across, & staff friendliness at a restaurant DOES matter to me.  I guess I'm spoiled by the medium to very friendly service I encounter most everyplace I go to eat here in Arizona.  Anyhow, that will probably keep me from returning to Byblos here (unless I hear from Mr. Mirza), so for now I must hold Byblos here down to 3 Stars.
With several Middle Eastern friends, I get a little picky because I get homemade food. Byblos was recommended to my boyfriend and me by a gentleman in Changing Hands who overheard me saying I missed our friend's hummus (they moved back to Israel), so we decided to check it out, and we were so happy we did!

The older gentleman who served us had a lovely accent and demeanor, and he was very helpful with choosing appetizers and entrees. The decore is a little sparse I suppose, but the food makes up for it. We had the hummus and shish-kabobs that were delicious. The hummus was as close as we've found to our Israeli friend's, so needless to say that would have been enough to captivate our senses.

We will definitely be going back!
The tomato soup is amazing. We found this restaurant on our way to the airport and I can't wait to come back for the lamb. So good!
I love this place!  The food is amazing and the owners are charming to a fault!  The Hummus, Grape Leaves, Kibbi Akras, and the Lamb Dinner are my favorites!  Highly recommended!!
BYBLOS!... YUM!!!

I am Half Middle Eastern, Half Japanese...
so i grew up eating primarilly these two types of cuisines.

And i have to say Byblos is BY FAR, 
The Best Middle Eastern Restaurant in Az...PERIOD.

Everything I've had so far was delicious.
Oh wait, i can think of "1 thing" that wasn't good, their pita bread.
Its obviously a store bought variety, and not freshly made.
and kinda like eating cardboard...

However, everything else, mmmm, Love it.
Try their...
"Hummus w/ Meat & pine" its much tastier then the plain hummus...
Their "Tomato soup" (to die for, & i dislike tomato soup, weird huh?)...
Oh, and their Kibbe ...
And the Shrimp scampi's pretty good too...
Also a friend told me he loved the chicken Mediterranean (thou i haven't tried it)

So those are My top Fav's... You won't be disappointed.

i believe anyone who gave less than a 4 star rating to this exceptional restaurant, either never had middle eastern cuisine before, or does not have a sophisticated enough palette to be rating restaurants.
The owner was nice but very pushy on me ordering the specials. They didn't have what I wanted (grilled chicken burger) so I went with a falafel which seemed to upset him. My order came with soup, I chose lentil. That was very good. The falafel however was just not good at all. My tastebuds just could not agree with the sauce or ingredients.
It's been hit or miss here. I've had some good stuff and some okay stuff. The babaganouj and moussaka were delicious, the lentil soup and spinach pie were eh. Overall it's good food and I will go back, and the owner is pretty amusing and very kind!
The food here is awesome, but definitely be prepared for the host to be kind of gruff with you. However, he wasn't pushy about the specials. 
As suggested, the hummus with meat and pine is hummus with beef and pine nuts and was a great appetizer. 
We tried both the lentil and the tomato soup. The lentil was good, but the tomato was creamy, had basil and was my favorite of the two. We also tried the falafel as well as the gyros plate. Both were very good and very reasonably priced. Byblos is definitely getting added to the restaurant rotation.
Byblos is a run-of-the-mill Mediterranean restaurant in desperate need of a facelift!  With a hit-and-miss menu and tall asking prices, it's obvious that Byblos still has much to learn after nearly 28 years in business!  

The restaurant itself is well dated and the atmosphere inside generally feels like a retirement home lobby with booths for seating...booths that are very worn and borderline uncomfortable.  While the decor could use a serious smack with the pretty stick, the smaller size of the restaurant does make it fairly cozy for family dinners and small gatherings.  

The older lady and gentleman that run the place are pleasant and good natured, but can be difficult to understand.  Obviously, this has caused several of the negative reviews, but their heavy accents do add something to the experience beyond just the obvious confusion.  One thing worth noting is that they are their own waitstaff and they clearly don't move as quickly as they used to, so service can be a bit slow if there are more than 3 or 4 tables to tend to.  

On the plus side, it's easy to get prime seating on both Friday and Saturday night, because it's rarely a full house!  It's also one of the few places left in the area where you can enjoy free, live Belly Dancing during dinner on the weekends, so I give them props for supporting local talent!

Regarding the food, I will say that the lamb dishes are tasty, the complimentary mint tea is exceptionally relaxing and the soups have a genuine down-home taste to them.  However, most of the main entree items are no more than food truck quality pitas and state fair combo plates sold at a premium price.  The quality of the main ingredients just isn't there and a quick trip to the frozen food aisle at Costco would net you most of the supplies needed to start your very own "Byblos" franchise at home!

The desserts are tasty, but few are traditional and none of them, except maybe the baklava, appear to be made by the restaurant.  Also, the bar is limited and the wine selection is nothing short of dreary, though that doesn't stop them from asking fine dining prices on grocery store brands of alcohol.

While there's no real "value" in the Byblos experience, it's certainly a solid choice when you're just too tired on a Friday evening to drive somewhere else or the inlaws you hate happen to be in town and you absolutely "must" take them out!
the hummus was a little on the oily side, but everything was great! i only wish that i could have tasted the tomato cram soup everyone raves about...my boyfriend ate it!
One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the valley! YUM!

Sister and brother owned, this family restaurant offers a loving atmosphere and handmade and authentic food.

We have come here countless times, and every time we are greeting lovingly. They treat all their customers with care; stopping by and checking if things are okay. The service can be a bit slow at times, but the brother and sister and always running back and forth from the kitchen, and the table cleaner works very hard, is super friendly, and helps out the owners when they are busy.

I don't think we've had anything from the menu that has disappointed us. The hummus, babaghannouj, fool (LOVE it), and tabouli (taboule) are all amazing to start with or have as sides. Scratch that... all of the appetizers are homemade and delicious. You could make a meal out of all the starters.

Be sure to get some lentil soup with your entree (can be a tad salty sometimes), and if they have some homemade dessert, make sure to end your visit with some baklava.

The lamb kebabs we always get; you get a ton of food in each entree, including rice and hummus (if you don't like a lot of olive oil make sure to ask for hummus and babaghannouj to be served without olive oil drizzled on top).

For a good sampling, get a bunch of appetizers to split (vegetarian combo platter is a good place to start), and for the entree the Byblos Mixed grill offers lamb, chicken, and keufta (ground and spiced meat) kabobs.

Despite coming here so many times, we still have many things we want to try. The problem is wanting to get the same delicious meals we got the previous visit instead of trying new ones!

Byblos will not disappoint! I would recommend calling ahead to make sure they are open. Lunch and dinner are served, but Tuesday through Saturday they close at 3:30pm and reopen for dinner service at 5:00pm. They are closed Mondays, serve dinner only on Sundays, and usually have a week or two in July/August when they close for vacation.
Good food, especially the lamb. Byblos is a family-owned business and the food tastes like something Grandma would cook. Filling and hearty. The service is excellent and the restaurant is clean. But the decor is frumpy. If you can overlook the dowdy ambience, this restaurant is definitely worth the visit.
First off, I've seen a few people complaining about service...and I have to imagine these are people that complain about the service everywhere and are probably just a pain in the ass to deal with. I've eaten here quite a few times over the years and have had nothing but impeccable service from the man and woman who are always there, I believe they are the owners.  I've usually been thanked before my meal is through multiple times, they really appreciate the customers they have.

They do like to highlight their lamb dishes, and say that they are on special but they are pretty much always being served and they are all crazy good.

If you want to have a great meal, here is what I recommend.

The hummus with pine nuts.  Follow that up with the mousakka or lamb shank.  Get the tomato soup that everyone raves about...my buddy and I both have agreed multiple times that it's hands-down the best tomato soup we've had.

If you are still hungry after all of that....their baklava and coffee are great to end on.

I find it hilarious that people will dis on this place and say they should have went to Pita Jungle instead -- have fun with that!
Summary for A.D.H.D readers:

* Tomato soup is the best I have ever had
* The restaurant was lonely and located in a shady area
* The server was very kind, but a little pushy on insisting drinks and dessert
* The gyro meat was a little too greasy for my taste, but everything else tasted fresh
* Fast service, clean tables, and authentic Greek music playing
* Prices range from $12+ for entrees, but they are large portions and come with soup


Full Review:

Yes, the tomato soup is the best I've ever had.

The restaurant is located in a shady area, but I was not too intimidated since it was right on the side of the street and well-lit.

Upon entering, I was shocked that there weren't more people eating there. In fact, we were the only ones in there. We waited around awkwardly until someone sat us and then we were greeted by a 75+ year old server, who I assume is one of the owners.

We ordered tomato soup, a gyro plate, diet pepsi, and baklavas for dessert. It didn't seem like business was going too well. The server was a little pushy on the up-sells (the drink and the dessert). 

The soda was in a smaller cup than I am used to. While we waited for food, we also took sips of the water, which was pretty good. 

The soup arrived in less than 3-5 minutes. I originally ordered the lentil soup, but was very happy they brought me tomato instead. I am not exaggerating when I say that this was the best tomato soup I have ever tasted in my life. Lots of flavor and smelled amazing. Anyway, about 10 minutes later, our food plates arrived and it looked delicious. 

The pita bread was plenty and they were all warm. I like my pita bread warm and soft. This pita bread was on point. To be honest, the gyro meat strips were a little too greasy for my liking, but they tasted GREAT dipped into the tomato soup.

The rice was well cooked and a great compliment to the tzatziki sauce, which was tangy and refreshing. After we devoured our meal, we felt more than stuffed. But, the waiter insisted we have dessert and even coffee. We agreed on getting baklavas for dessert. We passed on the coffee.

The baklavas were $2.50 each, were smaller than usual, but were overall pretty good. I'm not too sure they were made on location though. I recommend it for those looking for an authentic Greek food experience that have the time and budget for more than a fast food Greek experience.
This was my first visit here today and I ordered the spinach pie and small hummus. It was really good. My friend L got the gyros salad and it looked so good she said it was. My other friend T ordered the veggie lasagna and it looked so good! She ate every bite. I didn't feel the portions  were to small I thought they were perfect!
I rated this low because of the bad service, the food is good, I would recommend take-out instead of dinning in.  The service is bad because they keep saying they will be with you in a minute and it can keep getting repeated for 10 minutes or longer.  The service is the worst I have seen even with other smaller restaurants like this one, and I'm not one of these people that just complain about everything.
Great food.. Great service.. The owners took very good care of me and my bf. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. We had the hummus with meat for an appetizer ..came with pita bread..very yummy. I had the chicken sharwerma plate. It was not what im used too in Jordan but there version was also delicious.  The tomatoe soup was excellent the best ive ever had. My bf had the lamb special. Very tasty. I will be coming back here very soon =) & telling everyone to visit this place.
Where can I start with this majestic palace of deliciousness?

Do I start with the cradle-to-grave phenomenal service that I received? Each employee assisting with our meal was gracious, friendly, passionate about their food, and helpful, with a customer-minded approach. The recommendations and guidance were all spot-on and without a spot of condescension or assumption as to palate.

Do I start with the delightful Lebanese beers served cold and modestly priced? Or would it be wiser to start with the hummus plate, seeping out of its serving dish with tender meat, succulent tomatoes, warm, crisp pita, and crunchy pine nuts? Each bite matched the oily, savory flavors of tahini and rich spices with a cool splash of spicy pilsner. 

Or do I start by echoing the well-deserved praise of the tomato soup? Like something out of a volcano, the tomato soup etched a crimson, bubbling line along my taste buds, dazzling me with creaminess and soothing me with earnest tomato flavors.

I'd probably have to start there, because it would be wrong to start with the lamb special of the evening: ouzi. Baked after a long bath in deeply soothing marinades, the lamb was moist and full of layered flavors. Dipped into mint chutney, the flavors evolved further, forcing me to helplessly devour every last piece, while catching hints of cinnamon and pepper. 

Sidebar: my special lady friend had chicken taouk and it was fantastic as well, with a crunchy black grill mark that sealed in a citrus and garlic burst.

At that point, I was prepared to shower Byblos with hyperbole and senseless praise, damning myself to an eternity as the ferryman of new souls to Byblos, a sort of Charon to their restaurant. But then I ate their Tiramisu and it was the best Tiramisu I had ever had up to that point in my life.

I'm writing this review from inside one Byblos' meat coolers. I haven't left in two days. I've been living in the kitchen, eating their food without rest. And yet, even now, as I pause to digest, I'm not sure where to start next.
The food is spectacular! My family has been going to Byblo's for at least 16 years. Their family style, quality and service never waivers. I would highly recommend this place! We always start with the Hummus with Meat & Pine Nuts. My son loves the lamb platter. I've tried both the lamb and beef kababs. Both are excellent. If you live in Tempe, you must try this place.
I love family-run businesses and I try to support them over chains whenever possible. But this place fell short. I really was torn whether to give it 4 stars, but I felt too underwhelmed to give it anything more than 3.

Let's start with the good: the tomato soup they serve as a side for their entrees is DELICIOUS and creamy and rich. their hummus is also really good! our server was very friendly.

The not so good: the pitas they served with their hummus were a little hard/dry. they served french fries (the crinkly frozen kind) as a side for their gyro. service is extreeeeemely slow.  luckily we were not in a hurry, but literally from the time we finished our food to the time when anyone came by to see if we were done or wanted the check it was 20 minutes. and when we first sat down to order it was a good 10 minutes before we got water or anyone asked what we wanted to order. I suppose it's part of the charm of being a family business, but just keep that in mind and don't plan on rushing through a meal here.

The bad: I ordered the greek salad combo with lamb kebab and hummus.  the lamb kebab was literally just 3 chunks of kebab (and I didn't like the flavor). and the hummus came in a tiny condiment cup, but with nothing to dip it into?  I've never heard of eating hummus on top of a salad, but maybe that's what I was supposed to do. also I felt a little pressured when our server kept asking us if we wanted something to drink other than water or if we wanted to order appetizer, dessert, etc. - you get the picture
This was a great new dining experience for us.  It is a mix of Greek, Lebanese food.  The owner was our waiter and gave great direction on what the specials were, what he felt would be something we should try.  His sister was in the kitchen making the food so I felt a little like I was in their home despite the restaurant setting.  I had the Lamb osso bucco, it was fantastic, with brown rice, herbed potatoes, & veggies. We also had the falafel, which Christopher loved. It was very good.  The humas with minced beef and pickle was also fantastic.  
We had chose this restaurant based on the online reviews and it was close to where an out of town guest was staying but we will be back.  They did all they could to satisfy us and made the promise at our table that if we did not like it we did not pay for it.  They ever brought items we did not order for us to try.  Desert was just ok, they claim to have the best carrot cake you have ever had but, meh... I've had better. 
One of the reviewers here on yelp recommended that you order the Lebanese beer, I did.
I am passing the recommendation on to you.  GET the Lebanese beer!  It went perfect with the meal.
We will be back!
How is it that I have lived here for almost 20 years and this is the first time I have stopped into Byblos? They have been here - neighborhood local - for almost 30 years! The owner stopped by while we were enjoying a delicious dinner of moussaka, hummus, babaganouche, tomato soup, and the lamb special. Every bite was incredibly fresh and delicious. Don't skip out before having dessert - the tiramisu and honey pudding were incredible. Oh, and the Turkish Coffee - great flavoring with the cardamom. Stop in and say hello - they'll love you for it and your tummy will thank you.
Great place for Lebanese and Mediterranean food. Family run atmosphere, and all freshly prepared. The hummus is tasty and creamy, everything from the grill is fantastic. I try to order a different entree at every visit,  tried the lamb last time, by far that is my favorite.
It's an annual thing, visiting Byblos for Susanna A's birthday gathering, and for this, the 4th or 5th time, another quality dining experience.  Over the years I've sampled from the gyro platter, the keufta khachkach, schwarmas, and roast chicken, on up to last night's "Mediterranean Chicken", a pleasing chicken in sauce, for me spread over a bed of soft, perfectly cooked rice, accompanied by a cup of satisfyingly homemade tasting tomato soup: $11.95 +$2 iced tea, tax & tip and out for well under $20.  

Dining area is pleasant, fairly large, has both booths and tables not too close together.  Comfortable and uncramped, middle eastern music playing softly in the background. White tablecloths and cloth napkins add a nice touch.  The older gentleman took our orders, his bad knees forcing him to sit while he did so, but just made for more homey experience as he engaged in brief light conversation, gently encouraging "the lamb", but which tonight we all shied away from in favor of less expensive fare.

Other staff delivered our plates, filled and refilled our water and tea glasses.  Our party of 6 was well-served and glasses never had a chance to be dry for more than a few seconds if at all.  Several of us shared a bite of Susanna's chocolate cake, met all hopes and expectations, qualifying as "scrumptious" all around.  I've had their baklava in the past and it too was not disappointing, a moist honey-drenched delight as opposed to the petrified dehydrated shredded wheat like offering you'll occasionally find elsewhere if not fresh.

The restrooms are towards the back of the dining room through the swinging double-doors, ladies to the left, men to the right.  The men's room is attractive but nothing "fancy".  It was and has always been on my visits, clean.  It's of decent size and un-cramped, with  one stall, one urinal, sink and mirror, and a new automatic paper towel dispenser.  

All in all another very pleasant dining experience I'd encourage anyone to try. Though much of the menu is closer to $20 than my satisfying Med Chicken, barring too many extra drinks, I think you'd be hard-pressed to make the tab exceed $30 a person, and I believe you will be satisfied with the quality of the fare for your funds.   It's a family business with sister as chef, and brother out front.  Belly dancing by neither on Saturday nights.
Simply excellent.  Samir is an exquisite host and he goes above and beyond to ensure you enjoy your experience.  Lamb was excellent.  All the dishes had good flavor and were well presented.  This is a family owned restaurant that deserves your patronage.  Give it a try - you won't be disappointed.
First time trying this place out and it really hit the spot. It's family owned, and has been running successfully for 30 years now! The old guy is the sweetest, funniest, and most proud person you'll ever have as a waiter. The creamy tomato soup really is to die for. Their specials are amazing, I had the lamb and rice off one of the specials and tried a few different appetizers. Everything is just delicious! If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place. Definitely going back soon!
Great food, great menu, great atmosphere, great music, lots of little things that make it stand out as excellent. The man whom I assume is the owner is friendly and entertaining. Nice place for business or casual, great for a romantic dinner.
Came here for a birthday dinner because of the belly dancing entertainment they had.

The restaurant was empty upon arrival, but we were seated very quickly by the owner.

The owner and his wife are very friendly. He was very informative in explaining all the menu items and specials, and even recommended a Lebanese beer to try.

The appetizers came out quickly. We ordered the hummus to start which was made very well and had an addicting flavor. Their pita bread tasted a bit more authentic than most places and complimented the hummus.

The lentil soup that came with the meal was excellent, I wish it was larger because I could have eaten a huge bowl of it.

Soon after the appetizers the belly dancer started, she was very friendly and was very good at the same time. Even brought up the birthday girl to the front and danced with her.

Our food came out in adequate time. I ordered the combination kabob plate. All the meat was very tender and extremely juicy. The rice pilaf had amazing flavor and everyone at the table loved it.

At the end of the meal I ordered a cup of coffee which was pretty much the icing on the cake for me, and instantly made me a fan of this place.

For a place that has been here 30 years I am surprised I have never steeped foot in here before. I can guarantee I will step foot in this place again very soon.
This was the first Mediterranean place I had in AZ. I didn't feel like making dinner that night and was craving falafel, so I looked on Yelp and found the 4 star review, one of the highest and closest to me. The pictures looked authentic and delicious. I should've stayed home and saved my money. It's a hole in the wall, which I ordinarily like and can be a good indication of authenticity. The 1 star is for an attempt at a restaurant. The atmosphere and service wasn't bad. The falafel though -- worst I've ever had. It's dried out and flavorless. I judge a Mediterranean place on how good their falafel is, and this was terrible. I hardly wanted to finish it but did because I was hungry. The server -- I think he was the owner -- recommended a red wine, and I sprang for it. It was almost skunked, so he clearly pushed it on me to get rid of it. Gross.
Great restaurant. Really delicious food and good quality. Place is very clean and owner is a really nice guy. Highly recommend you check out this Tempe landmark (:
I'm very sad to admit being a Tempe native and never having tried Byblos until tonight! I really can't say why because it's been there forever, our large family usually going for fast food or Mexican on the rare occasion when we ate out.

We had an AMAZING meal this evening in a very comfortable atmosphere served by lovely people that are sure you have everything you'd like without being rude or invasive to our dinner conversation.

Appetizer, soup, lamb, chicken, wine, beer, dessert, & Turkish coffee to finish...we had it all and every bite, taste, drink was delicious! 

This is a new favorite and I can't wait to eat here again! We eat out several times a week nowdays,  and an establishment like Byblos is ideal not only for the delicious food but for the atmosphere that allows a family to actually dine, taking our time to enjoy our meal as well as each other's company - a novel idea, I know!

And did I say how much we enjoyed the lovely belly dancer? That was the icing on the cake for us...so fun!
I love this mom and pops owned restaurant. Two of my good friends have been eating at byblos for years and always spoke wonderful things about it. About a month and a half ago my husband and I ordered some food to-go and were pretty happy with our experience. The hummus is wonderful and the falafel is the best I've found in the valley thus far. The gyro meat is a bit thicker and a different consistency than I'm used to, but it was tasty. The soup was really great too. This place got three stars because I think the gyro meat could possibly improve a little, and the inside of the restaurant is really dated.
Food is absolutely delicious and also well priced considering the fresh homemade ingredients and the certainly ample portions! Went with my mom and we each started with the soup of the day - lentil - which was creamy and flavorful. It came to the tank at the proper temperature which is important to me with soup. I HAD to try their tzatziki so I ordered a gyro plate (boring, I know) but the lamb was absolutely amazing and very flavorful. The fresh pita was warm and fluffy and I also loved the taboule on the side. The tzatziki, while fresh tasting, is not the best I've ever had. It was good though. My dish also had rice pilaf on the side which I found to be a bit bland but my mom enjoyed it. 

My mom got the special of the day - slow cooked lamb shank. It literally fell off of the bone. She loved it and also enjoyed her fresh pita and grilled veggie medley that came with the dinner. She did not like her rice, but I loved it so we traded. Hers was a mixture of rice, pine nuts, and ground beef. Great!

Would go here again if I was in the area. Place is very cute inside. Only negative for me for the waiter/possibly owner who stood next to the table while we counted our money for the bill and discussed the tip. Very rude and not appreciated. Otherwise a good experience.
Best restaurant EVER! I have been going here since I was two years old. The owners of the restaurant are family now. The service is always personable (even when we bring people that they don't know)! Also...the food is AMAZING. We crave it all the time. Get the tomato soup! You won't regret it! They are willing to help with any kind of diet restrictions :)

EAT HERE! NOW!
This rating is for service. Was greeted promptly and quickly shown to a table where we waited & waited & waited. No water. No service. Left an went somewhere else.
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
I really like Persian food and this place is tops for me in Las Vegas! The service can be mediocre at times but most of the time its not that busy.  Love the khoobideh!  Very delightful atmosphere!
I am so surprised by the negative reviews of this place.  My experience here was fabulous - great service, very clean place, and excellent food. When I was in Vegas in December, my dad and I saw an ad in the yellow pages in our hotel for Habib's.  Being Persian and constantly craving Persian food, I asked my dad (who is from Iran) to go with me.

We came here for lunch, and ordered entirely too much food.  We started off with must o'khiar to dip the bread in, and it was fantastic.  I ate too much bread though, which is probably why I left here feeling so painfully full.  We also each got doogh (a yogurt drink) which is carbonated - again, probably contributed to the fullness.  He got kabobs of some sort (I can't remember what kind), while I ordered koresht fesenjan (chicken in a pomegranate and walnut sauce).  It was absolutely delicious, and I was sad that I was too full to finish it.  So I got the rest of it to go and gave it to my dad, since he was flying out that day and could eat some while at the airport.  The total bill was $48, which was quite expensive for lunch for two, but like I said, we ordered way too much food, considering it was lunchtime.  But the quality of the food was fantastic, and Habib came over and talked to us quite a bit and made sure everything was to our liking.  There were quite a few people that came in who you could tell were regulars - they were greeted like they were old friends.

Also check out the market section - they have a large variety of food (some of which we have trouble finding in Florida), so we spent some money in there as well :)
I have been to Habib's a couple of times and like the place.

The kebabs are up to snuff.  One basic place everyone will want to start out at when tasting Persian cuisine is the Koobideh.  If you're Persian you will know right away whether the rest of the menu items will be good and if a follow on visit is needed.  If you are American (and are meat eater like me) it's a safe dish to go with.  I can tell you the Koobideh at Habib's is very good.  The Basmati rice served at this place is also perfect.  

Don't forget the Maast-o Khiar either.  It's another standard to tell you not only how they prepare the food, but also how they hold the items prepared for the day.  A good Maast-o Khiar like the one served at Habib's is always a pleasure.

The Ghormeh Sabzi served was also good.  I would have preferred some lamb in the stew as well.  But a vegetarian Ghormeh Sabzi is always delicious stew.  For you dyed in the wool American out give this dish a chance.  It may look super dark green like overcooked spinach, but the flavor is definitely tasty and nothing like spinach.   

For those reading this review I am not Persian.  But I did fall in love with the food and now cook a wide range of Persian meals often at home.  Habib is not a strictly Persian place as evidenced by having hummus on the menu.  Some of the dishes are a little Americanized to bridge the gap.  But I would say this a decent place to start your love affair with Persian cooking.

Though it's not on the menu you should ask for a serving of Tadig to go along with the stews.  This portion of the basmati rice preparation is a great compliment to the stew. 

As it's been mentioned Habib's interior does have a few failing points.  And the location itself can be easy to miss when tying to find it.  But remember that you came for the food and enjoy yourself.
OVERALL UNSATISFACTORY EXPERIENCE.
On monday July 27th we were a party of four that made the mistake of choosing Habib's to have a late lunch. The restaurant was not busy and to get to it we had to pass through a "strange" market stocking foodstuffs, housewares, giftware, collectibles etc. The store's dangerously overstocked shelves and crowded ailes were most probably non compliant with city safety codes. 
We ordered the following items:

Ghaimeh Stew :   was stale and watery.
Ghormeh Sabzi:  was stale and watery.
Lamb shank with rice: tough shank meat & low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Barg: tough meat and low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Koobideh: overcooked meat and low quality rice.
Shirazi Salad : VERY GOOD.
Doogh :  EXCELLENT.
Service: O.K.
THE BILL:  We were shocked at how high our check total was which included an 18% tip already added.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..

shouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..

filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
The food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.
Been eating here for 3+ yrs.  The chelow kabob is great whether you prefer Beef Koobideh, Beef Barg, or any of the chicken kabob.  The salad shirazi is also very good and the rice is something to really enjoy, specifically "tadig"!
We attended the grand opening last night of Habib's new location across the street.  It is a much more nicely appointed venue and very large inside.  The market is actually smaller that the old location but still adequate.

Many dignitaries were in attendance including Mayor Goodman & Sheriff Doug Gillespie.  The beef kabob was terrific along with the excellent chicken kabob.  Add to that good rice tadig, two very flavorful khorish (stews) and a tasty salad shirazi.

A belly dancer worked the room along with a great bevy of traditional persian music.

Being a huge fan of persian cuisine, I have to say every visit is at least 4 stars.
Been going here for years, every time in Vegas.  Came to the new location and was pleasantly surprised.  Great lay out and vibe!

The food is the best you'll find in the area for Persian.  I recommend the Grilled Chicken Kabob.
Great food and probably the best atmosphere of any Persian restaurant!

Make sure you ask for the price of specials before you order as the stews were far more expensive than the kabob on the menu.  Approximately double the price.

They bake their own bread, which was fantastic.  The Fesenjoon and Gheimeh Bademjan were delicious!
Nicest Persian restaurant I have ever been to outside of Iran !
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
This place is spotless, the decor is just amazing. Persian Rugs, Beautiful art and marble. The food is very good. The rice and filet are amazing! The Bread is fresh baked too.
I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.

Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!)? Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.

The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter? He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.

The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
We had low expectations due to the reviews We read on yelp. We were really craving Persian food so we decided to give it a try. We pulled into the parking lot and entered through the market.once we made it to the restaurant I was really surprised at how nice the decor was. This was comparable to some of Las Vegas's finest dining and we are big foodie 's and been to them all. The owner kindly sat us in a booth. That even had fresh roses.  The owner gave us two menus and explained in detail what he offered. We started off with a traditional dish  tadik that was amazing. I ordered the chicken soltani which is a combo plate of bone in chicken and ground  beef style kabob called  kubideh. The food was aboslutely amazing. The owner insisted we try each dish as he waited for our approval. We also ordered the yogurt w cuccumber's to mix in with the rice and all I can say is yum! We will def be back for more Persian. As we gathered the bill the owner even brought me a fresh long stem rose to take home and offered us a tray of mints as a dessert. Not sure how these other reviews received bad service. The owner was very kind and I saw the same service offered to the other 3 tables that dined. If you are craving Persian head to Habib's! You won't be disappointed
Very good food but not a place to go if you are in a hurry. Habib is a very gracious host and explains the entire menu to you if you are a first timer.  It is a very nice restaurant with classy decor. Definately a good place for a fancier dinner date or somewhere to go if you plan on having a conversation with your dinner companions. All of the reccomendations by Habib were wonderful dishes.  I had the lamb and it was so moist and tender and the rice was a fantastic combination of spices and herbs like I've never had before.  The hummus was ok and the pita bread warm and fresh. If I'm in Vegas again I would definately go back.
By far the best Persian cuisine that I have ever had in the US!! I was yearning for Persian food so my friend and I decided to come to Habib's. The ambiance was great. The way the restaurant was decorated was very chic and upscale. My friend and I both ordered the soltani, and mast musir. The owner was a gentleman. He came to our table and greeted us just like you would greet a guest in your own home. The food came out promptly. The kabob was tender and juicy. By far the best I have ever had! We live in San Francisco and wish that Habib's would open up a location in San Francisco. At the end of our dinner, the owner brought my friend and I a rose as a gesture of his appreciation. It was very sweet of him. So don't listen to the negative reviews, go to Habib's and see for yourself. Thank you Habib's Persian Cuisine for your great hospitality. When, we come back to Vegas, we will sure be coming back here again :)
I wasn't sure what to expect based on previous reviews but I really enjoyed this place.

The location is big, very clean, and the tables are set elegantly.  

We had a waiter and the owner both taking care of us (the place was empty at 6pm on Friday).  I can see why people don't like the owner - he has a VERY dry sense of humor.  Personally, I found him really funny and he treated us well even though we tried his patience by asking the same questions over and over (menu is a little confusing and if you don't pay attention you'll forget which item you thought you wanted). 

The waiter didn't do much more than bring drinks and bread but he was very well trained and very attentive to our needs.

I would definately recommend trying it at least once.
NO STAR! 

Went to Habib's with my elder parents/family, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.  

Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.

I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it! Great food,BUT pricey. I would have given it five stars if it weren't so expensive.
This place is a must go for all epicureans! A real must go! We has the pomegranate marinated chicken and the lamb shanks ant they were perfect! but first the dolmas were served  warm and with that squeeze of lemon juice were out of this world! The tabuli was made perfect and so flavorful. The yogurt cucumber salad  made Anet GO WILD! BUT WAIT befor the meal Habib himself came to our table and explained every dish on the menu, I mean every dish! when he is done describing the dishes I wanted one of everything, everything really! This place is classy, from the way the food is served and prepared down to the floor that is polished like a mirror to reflective quality. The man has opinion and a dry sense of humor and will challenge opinions that need to be challenged! The customer is not always right in this place Habib is right, and he truly is. He is charming and has a forever twinkle in his eye that is indeed lovable! He has old customs like serving the the ladies a bite of food and the long stem rose he presented her with on the way out was a great touch. He even offered us complimentary baklava and we were to full to even accept. all in all a must go for epicureans!
The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
Almost in the middle of no where in Vegas! We had to take a cab to get there unfortunately but the food was good. A bit pricey I think but I'll eat there again if i ever visit Vegas and am in the mood of Persian food.
This place is sucks!!!! The service is really bad!!! don't recommend at all. you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get your order!Quality of beef kabob is really bad is like gum when you chew it. The waiters are so impolite and really rude! you waste your money I guarantee you . imagine for getting your bill you have to go and find somebody to come and bring your bill. Managing is sucks. DON'T recommend at all......!!!
Family was on that side of town- random, decided to try it. What a pleasant surprise, when we walked in it wasn't very crowded but when we asked to see the menu, the gentleman up front was so very friendly and accommodating, explaining every thing to us- that I couldn't wait to sit down. The food was delicious and if in that area again, I wold totally hit it. 
Service here was top notch, warm friendly-
This is the worst Persian meal I have had in 40 years. The rice (polloh) was cold, as was the khouideh.  Weak excuse for barbari (bread); our party ended up buying  institutiional packages of sangak and lavash (breads) at an attached food store.The service was terrible, and the owner (Habib) was generally rude to our party of nine.  I imagine part of the problem is just Las Vegas, but we had a reservation for 3 months and deserved much better for the high prices. I would not recommend to anyone.
Excellent place for family. Good food & service.
I was attending a Medical Conference in Las Vegas.  After couple of days, my wife was carving for a good persian food and we decided to Google and came across with Habib's Persian Cuisine.  When we arrived to the restaurant, we were first hesitant that whether we should go there since there were only a few cars parking outside.  I should say that we enjoyed the food and service very much.  We had soup of the day, Hammus, and Barg Kabab.  They were all fresh tasty and high quality.  We went back the second time before we left the town back to Texas.  I highly recommend this place and looking forward to go back to Vegas and try other dishes.
The restaurant is very nice inside. My family and I were impressed by the fresh bread, doogh, and must-khiar. I ordered kabab barg, and though it tasted good and was made with quality beef, it didn't taste much like traditional persian kabab barg. I would agree that the owner doesn't have great social skills, but our waiter was nice and the food was enough to satisfy our craving for Persian food.
I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!

Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:

1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.

2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip?  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.  

3. Why is listed as "tax"?  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!

4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge?  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.

Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.

Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.  

I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
Stop by for lunch based on Yelp reviews. Tasty food and OUTSTANDING customer service. The owner himself waited on us. Food was delivered promptly. Plates were nicely arranged.  Food very good. The price was very good for quality and service. I was given a long stem red rose upon leaving! I think this experience was a surprising highlight of my business trip.

Can't praise the service enough. You just don't get this type of service anymore.
Best persian food ever.
WOW!

Possibly the BEST Persian food I've EVER had.
Their kabab Bargs are to die for.  LITERALLY! 
We ordered sabzi plate , Mast Musir ,Salad shirazi with the bread as appetizer.OMG!

After the first bite, my face was like a cartoon; my jaw dropped, my tongue rolled out, and I was salivating.  Seriously, it's just that good.

I really really recommend this place .l 5 diamond Star
Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it. 

I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!

Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark. 

Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention. 

All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
Disgusting food dirty food nasty people habib the owner is very cheap and charge extra for the food don't come here you get treated like crap wait 2 hours for nothing and get overcharged DO NOT COME HERE FAKE PERSIAN CUSINE THIS PLACE IS AN EMBARESSMENT
I don't know why the other reviewers gave this place  a bad review. I'm from South Orange County California ...being Persian,  I know about Persian food. The food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County and the atmosphere was delightful. From the beautiful decorations and the restaurant furniture, everything was done very classy inside. Like I said earlier, the food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County, but I believe the food is  a little better in California. The service was good and professional, I even spoke to the owner, he didn't sound angry or upset, in fact, he was very pleasant and helpful. Overall I recommend this place.
It was 4:00 pm when we got there. It is a very nice place . But Nobody was in the front desk like 5 minutes. A young boy who doesn't know anything about being a waiter showed up. Led us to a table . then we waited like 15 min to be taken an order. 
Finally , after 35 min we received our lunch while it was not fresh.we asked for the owner after 10 min he showed up. The owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion.
Any way , i don't recommend expecting good service over there.
Been coming to Habibs for years now.. Never once have had a bad experience. The food is ALWAYS beyond amazing! The ghormeh sabzi is the best I've ever had, so tasteful I can never get enough! Their koobideh is to die for and the chicken kabob is always juicy and delicious!!! Cannot forget the homemade bread that comes before it all, yumm!!!! Habib is always friendly and welcoming! Great service!! He always gives my sister and I roses before we leave, one of my favorite restaurants in town!
I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, my favorite Persian restaurant is Habib's.  I've visited many Persian restaurants across the US, this is the most beautiful.  The quality of the food is suburb and Habib is always happy to accommodate special requests.
This is a small and very plainly furnished establishment on Pecos.  They serve the basics you would expect of a Middle Eastern restaurant: kabobs, salads, taboule, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita bread, gyros, etc. plus a few things I am less familiar with. You place your order at the register and they assemble your order behind the counter. 

I've been here when service has been slow, but the food has always been good and tastes fresh. The tables and chairs have always been clean during my visit.   Parking hasn't been a problem; if you can't park at the storefront there is parking in front of the other nearby establishments.
I love this place for lunch! I'm a chicken kabob lunch special girl. It's not a large portion, but perfect for lunch. And I love the salad dressing. What is it? 

Small and quaint. The staff is always polite. Food some time takes a little while but they always prepare everything fresh. I've been here many times and will continue to go!
I love this place so much. Their rice is a thing of beauty. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. It's very small but there always seems to be a clean table available. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently delicious and my husband loves their baklava.
I was heading to Henderson for an appointment and in an adventurous mood while driving down S. Eastern Ave.  Along the way I looked around for cool places to check out, when the traffic has stopped at traffic lights and it was safe to do of course, for things to do and kind of planning my lunch for the day.

So my first stop was this tiny Asian market that also serves breakfast and boba drinks (it is just next door) and it didn't look too appealing to me.  So I walked next door to Kabob Grill, and reminiscing about the handful of great Persian restaurants I have been referred to try or been taken to in California.  The menu looks simple enough, and they have the basic kabob varieties you expect from a decent Persian restaurant, not to mention one that specializes in kabobs.  And they even have the ground beef kabob (Kabaabe Koobideh) that I prefer over most other items on the menu.  Lunch is already off to a good start!

So after debating if I should get their lunch special or just ordering the same Ground Beef in the Main Dishes section, I went with the Large Main Dishes version of Ground Beef (which is served with rice, onions, pita bread, butter and optional grilled tomato and two skewers of ground beef) at $9.99.  The lunch special version comes with just 1 skewer of meat (except the "Soltani" items, which serves two combinations of skewer meats), rice, salad, onions, pita bread and fountain drink with price ranging from $8.49 to $13.49. In general the Main Dishes items are a $1 more than their equivalent in the lunch specials.

I didn't bother to take pictures of the exterior or interior, thinking that other Yelpers surely have reviewed this place already.  So no photos, except the food I ordered.  But I will say that their display case is beautifully stocked with various canned and bottled beverages and some homemade pastries. The menu and the paint scheme on the wall matches, and utilizes the vibrant green, yellow and white colors.  The dcor is simple, with black marbled-top tables and matching black cushion chairs arranged around the average size dining area of the restaurant.

Anyway, service is okay. It is just another "step up to the counter and order your food, wait for it to be prepared and pick it up at the counter when your number is called" kind of fast casual food service operation. They greet you when you walk in, but not when you have finished your meal and walking out the door.

Food-wise, it looks good. And if you can drool and imagine just how wonderful it tastes just looking at pictures, then they would get 4-5 stars for "food styling".  But based on just trying one item out of the 13 they have available in their Main DIshes section of the menu, I would say this is a 3 stars (A-OK) at best.  My ground beef kabob was juicy (always a plus), but flavor and seasoning-wise it was just okay. Just like a McDonald's burger is okay, but not potentially awesome like the much more expensive gourmet burger from Burger Bar, and you are not paying all that much.

BUT I was disappointed that they did not served the "optional" grilled tomato, which is clearly shown in the sample photos for the items. I am not sure if you have to specify you want the "optional" grilled tomato, or they simply just don't have it (not likely, since they served sliced tomatoes in the salads I see others ordering) or forgot to put it on my plate.  And I have to say the juiciness and sweetness of the tomato really adds to the flavor profile of the dish, and helps cut the feeling of fattiness mouthfeel after consuming some of the kabob.

Value for the money -  2 stars compared to most restaurants in the fast casual category.  But Persian foods have always cost a little more at restaurants, so I guess 3 stars compared to other Persian kabob fast casual restaurants.

Interesting stuff (at least I think it is) - Kabob Burgers. Kabobs served with the onions, sliced tomato and a lettuce stuffed between burger buns.

They also have an interesting Appetizers and Salad menus. Babaganoush looks good in the picture.  And I want to try their inexpensive but still interesting Shirazy Salad (chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, parsley topped with lemon juice and olive oil for $3.99).
 
This is my first Yelp review of a Persian "restaurant" in Las Vegas, so I will give it a 3 stars. Par for the course to compare others to, otherwise it would be a 2 stars for not going above and beyond the bare minimal in service, food preparation and omitting item (I want that grilled tomato gosh darn it!) that should come with the food you order.

Promotions (any day after 5pm): 
* Buy 2 Main Dishes and Get 1 Free
* 10% off any purchase of $50 & up 

Hours 11am - 8pm
Phone Number: (702)43KABOB or 435-2262

Same plaza as Pin Kaow 3 and Red Mango (on S. Eastern), across the street from Nielsens Frozen Custard.
Person in front of us complained about their wrong order, then 10 min later i was helped. Employee was flustered and rude. He answered the phone in the middle of tsking sn order and instead of puting them on hold talked to them for literally 10 min, which is a long time. Then he stopped to tell the lady cook how to do orders, seriously?! Then he took my order, everyone else waiting for their food had problems with their order and how long it took. I waited 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AT A COUNTER ORDERED JOINT!!! They forgot my baklava, and i ordered seasoned fries, i got none, then asked about it and mentioned how long it took and he honestly said these words exactly, "I can just give you your money back and you can go to a fast food place." Are you kidding me! I had to be somewhere for work and if I am a very kind, patient person, because I work in the F&B industry but never in my life have I ever had this worse of service. I wish I could give them 0 stars. I was floored!
The place has a happy feeling around it and the people are really nice. Their lunch special is a good value and I like the fact that you can customize it even more by switching around the side dishes.
100% satisfied love the food and gr8 service thank you
I used to eat Kabob grill on Sunset and Pecos, too bad, the place closed, the food is very good, I love the rice texture and its flavory, I am Asian and It has been my first time experiencing Middle Eastern Foods, 
the staff is very nice,
the price is decent,
would recommend
Ok, let me tell you about this place. FYI: I am a real customer, not a family member. So be warned, this is a real review.

The only thing truly Persian here is the attitude.

I wish this was a friendlier place. The food is ok. Not bad, not great. Has a clean Plebeian atmosphere.

The food is overpriced and they wont give you half rice and half salad with your meal, a standard in Los Angeles. No, you must eat 3 pounds of rice with your meal.

They are also super slow. If there is a line, you will wait!

The Kabob is a little undercooked. No caramelized meat here.

The staff does not know a lick of Farsi. So dont ask for ghormeh sabzi.

They dont have  most home made Persian dishes. 

Why cant they open up an authentic Persian restaurant here?

One more thing, they give you a pat of butter for your rice with the to-go dinner. However, they put it in the same box so if you have to go more then 100 feet before you eat, its melted all over your food. And the close very early.
First time here ... it was alright. i ordered the chicken kabob nothing special and nothing bad. The service seemed kinda slow. Chicken was tender the rice tasted buttery. Give it a try you might like it. For me i think i will pass next time.
If you want great-tasting and authentic middle eastern food you have to try this place out! All the kabobs are delicious - juicy and full of flavor - but my favorite is the chicken. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is awesome! What more could you ask for? Plus, I don't consider this fast food. It tastes too good to be fast food! Your stomach will always be satisfied after eating here. :)
We have been to Kabob Grill many times since they opened their new location on Eastern. We always get the Chicken Soltani [Ground Beef & Chicken Kabob] dish which is served over a bed of rice, with raw onions and a grilled tomato and their Hummus [with pita bread]. We once tried the Eggplant Dip [which contains Grilled Eggplants blended with Tomatoes, Eggs and Garlic) and is served HOT; it was good, but their dips are a little overpriced. It is a great place to get authentic middle eastern eats at a "reasonable" price with quick service. I will say that while their prices in general are "fair", their charge for their "dips" [i.e. Hummus] is a little much, but I guess it is a tough economy. The service, in general, has always been above-par.
Amazing food. My hubby loves the chicken kabob here. Must visit place. But the serving dish quantity changes everytime we visit there. Its not consistency.
A bit pricey but healthy and tasty.
The veggie kabob lunch special is delicious. Zucchini, tomatoes, onion, mushrooms and bell pepper all seasoned to perfection and grilled. Paired with rice and salad then add a side of hummus to complete your meal!!! Yummy!!
Awesome service here! The lady who took my order was very kind and helpful! I LOVE it when I have great service at any place (shops, restaurants, etc)

I wanted to eat outside and she was more than willing to bring my food out side for me (after I told her I was eating inside when ordering.) But I decided to be spontaneous since it was a nice day out (yet windy.)  One of the many reasons why I had to go back in to give them a tip $, since it was rather windy outside. I'll be back! :) I forgot to use the 10% check in offer though... :( oh well, next time!

Btw... the food was great, I had the greek salad. It was more than enough, huge plate of salad and huge slices of lamb and the sauce automatically came on the side. :)
Best kabob place in the area! Service is quick & it's always hot & fresh. We always start with the hummus. I order the chicken skewer and hubby orders the combo skewers. The bell peppers and onions are delicious too.
Do It. This place is clean, fast, affordable, and TASTY!
Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
Shish Kabob & Chicken Gyro is so good with the Shirazy Salad yummy!!!..;)))
Food is fantastic, service is quick, atmosphere is like chipoltle or baha grill, very clean, set up for speed not ambiance.  Prices are a bit high but everything is fresh and made to order.
First time - and we'll be back!
Had the Chef's Special of a combo chicken & steak.  Yum!  Tender and juicy and the rice is addicting.  Also had a side of vegetables.  Great combo and plenty of food for two under $20 (used a 10% off coupon from checking in on Yelp).
So I really wanted a Greek salad, and I stopped here b/c the place down the street was closed for repairs. Dang it, my luck. Im glad I read the menu prior to ordering because it states that all the salads have CARROTS, onions etc....carrots? In a Greek salad? I questioned the guy behind the counter, he confirmed it, I asked if the salads were from a pre mix bag, because that's what I'm thinking now, he said no they make them, then the dressing is a creamy house dressing? Huh? He saw the disappointment on my face. How can you call it a Greek salad? So I went with the beef tenderloin kabob, it was ok, saffron rice was good, that's how they got bumped from 2 stars to 3.  I asked for the optional tomato and onion, but the onions weren't grilled, just sliced with some cilantro, bummer. I should have went to Pin Kaow.
Amazing food & exquisite service. If you live in Vegas make sure you stop by Kabob Grill and see for yourself. Fun, different, and authentically Persian. The combination of quantity and festive atmosphere goes hand in hand with the consistent food quality. I will definitely go back!
Let me say that my palate is pretty vanilla. I don't really like to dive into new cuisines. A coworker convinced me to try this place during lunch, and I did so hesitantly.

I stuck with something simply - chicken kabob lunch special which was about $9 bucks. It came with a drink, salad, rice, grilled veggies pita and of course chicken.

To my surprise it was actually good stuff. The rice melted in my mouth, and was nicely decorated with a sprinkle of saffron flavored rice. The chicken was moist. Even the salad was amazing, and I usually don't like greens. It had a very tasty dressing, which made it irresistible. 

I have been back a couple of times, and will be back. I will say that you don't get that much chicken, so if you're really hungry order a double kabob.

Other than that - enjoy!
I work right upstairs!  They deliver! :P

I've had this place quite a bit..and I enjoy it every time.  I especially love the tzatziki sauce.  

I actually had my first gyro experience unbeknownst to me that it was in fact lamb.  I forgot that I wanted a beef gyro instead... and ended up with the lamb.   Though I don't want to knock it, it was delicious... but lamb texture is not what I'm used to.  For some reason I was a little queasy, which I'd like to say now that I'm sure it was just me... and not the food.  I enjoyed it!  But there was just something unsettling about eating lamb.  ... but that's just me.  

Second time around I had the single ground beef kabob and it was delicious!  I had it with rice, pita bread, & grilled onion and tomato... Love this and had  it a couple other times following...

I've also had a beef wrap which I very much enjoy... but not as much as the ground beef kabob with the rice.. 

Again, I love the tzatziki sauce... with EVERYTHING and not just the salad.  

Since I work right upstairs, I will probably become a duchess or regular sometime soon!  I've very happy that it's in this plaza...

[WHICH IS A BAD ASS PLAZA... it has EVERYTHING!]
This was my first choice to satisfy my sudden gyro craving. We park and immediately smell the deliciousness of Kabob Grill in the air. The restaurant was busy, which is usually an excellent sign. The inside is bright and clean, with the employees in uniform. 

We mosey to the counter, totally ready to order my gyro combo and had my check-in coupon ready. Yay, gyro craving is about to be satisfied! 
And then my hopes and dreams were unceremoniously squished: "I'm so sorry, but we're out of gyro meat." Whaaaaat? This was hours before closing time. How do they not have enough gyro meat ro get through a day?!

Ill go back and see if I can get a gyro some other day (could have just been a superbusy day in the gyro business!), but I admit my excitement has soured a bit.
I love Persian food. This place is amazing. Its clean, fresh, fast and delicious! I ordered the joojeh kabob & beef koobideh with shirazi salad on the side.plus drink included!!! Loved it.

It is a little off the strip but they Said they would deliver for a nominal fee. I just might do that next time in town. 

Highly recommend it.
So last time I came here, I left without food because they had run out of gyro meat. Now I know why. I could eat a metric ton of the stuff! 

I had a gyro combo (there's a picture here somewhere!) to go. I'm pretty sure there were angels singing somewhere when I opened the box. There was a pile of fries, a small cup of ketchup (how thoughtful!), a big cup of tzatziki sauce (literally, about a cup of sauce) and the foil wrapped gyro. The gyro itself had tomato and onion slices, a bit of parsley and a heap of meat so big it didn't quite fit in the pita. That meat...mmmm. Perfectly spiced and sliced! The whole thing was huge and I snarfed it down with gusto!

Plenty of delicious food at the right price. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their menu. There are some very Mediterranean items on it, but this restaurant makes them seem completely accessible, rather than intimidating.
I've ordered Kabob Grill from Eat24Hours.com a few times on Sundays when I was feeling exceptionally lazy (if laziness was an Olympic event, on any given Sunday I'd be the Usain Bolt of it).   I love that it provides a delivery option in my area that isn't pizza or chinese/thai, though I have mad love for both of those options.   Respect due to pizza hut.   Anyway, the thought of hot and fresh gyro meat and falafel balls being delivered to my doorstep as I sit on my bed unshowered watching reruns of No Reservations sends me into euphoria.  

On this day I had a $5 off coupon emailed to me from Eat24Hours which made it all even more appealing, and I ordered some falafel appetizers, a gyro salad, and chicken soltani, which consists of a chicken kabob along with a piece of kabob koobideh, which is a skewered minced meat kabob, all on top of a heaping of basmati rice.  Delivery was estimated to happen between 45 and 60 minutes, and I was happy when a delivery driver from Kabob Grill rang my doorbell 30 minutes later.  The first item I tried was the falafel.   I found it to be a nice version of one of my favorite foods, though texture-wise it was a little different than I'm used to as I could still make out little pieces of chopped up carrots within the fried outer shell.  It wasn't off-putting in the least, but I do slightly prefer a uniform texture throughout that I'm used to.  Next I tried the Gyro Salad, and while the gyro meat was plentiful and tasty, I was a little disappointed that there was no feta cheese.  Now I must say the menu doesn't mention feta so there shouldn't be any expectation of feta from me in that sense... no, I take it back, I WANT FETA!   The veggies seemed fresh and crisp and overall I was pleased otherwise.   Lastly to the Chicken Soltani.  The pieces of chicken skewer were large, moist and flavorful, which is about all you can ask for from chicken in my opinion.   The koobideh kabob also had a great flavor to it, and I enjoyed stuffing a piece of pita with rice and one meat or the other and some veggies.   This actually brings me to my biggest disappointment of the entire order (feta notwithstanding).   There were only 2 pieces of pita provided with this meal!  I don't mean two large pieces either, I'm talking two small triangles that would normally last 20 seconds in any given mediterranean restaurant I might dine in.  Instead I found myself rationing them out like I was stranded on a desert island.  Maybe I'm used to being spoiled with Pita from Hedary's, but  I felt like there should be some extra considering the amount of food ordered.

When it's all said and done, I can highly recommend Kabob Grill to satisfy your delivery (and probably take out/dine-in) cravings, though you might want to have some feta in the fridge and order an extra side of pitas to make yours a 5 star experience.
I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
I go here quite a bit and am always astounded by the poor service given by the owners. I asked for my side salad to be switched out for fries. Their salad is made with cheap lettuce and a disgusting dressing. They can't do it because "it's a free small salad", well then why can't you exchange it for free small fries? The cheap fries from a bag you serve can't cost more than the salad. I'm not asking much, throw 6 fries on my plate and make a customer happy. 

The food is pretty good which keeps me coming back for more and is pretty reasonable. Don't go there expecting quick service though. Considering you order at a counter it shouldn't take as long as it does. 

The falafel is a little greasy and I am not even sure if they are homemade. Their hummus is good though. 

I can't account for any of the meat dishes as I am a vegetarian. I also have gotten great service from people who work there who are not the owners. Don't go in expecting to be treated nicely though, go for the cheap mediocre food.
Love the food. Go here a lot and they are very nice too.
I was originally going to Elixir but apparently they were closed. It was pouring and I was hungry and I saw Kabob Grill glowing in the rain. So nice. Very clean, very friendly, very helpful. And so yummy, especially on a rainy day. If it wasn't so far from me, I would probably be here once a week!!!!
Very friendly service followed by good food! We had beef kabob and gyro wrap, and they were very good.  Only thing I found odd was the appetizer was served last and without pita.
Yelp. No. 

I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much? My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know. 

Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways?
This is pretty much our go-to lazy weeknight delivery place. 

Hummus and babaghanoush are outstanding, and the portions are great, if you get the sampler it's easily enough food for 2-3 people. 
They also have the best falafel I've had in a long time. 

The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is they don't deliver after 7:00 pm, when I asked them why, they said because they close at 9:00. It obviously doesn't take more than 2 hours for this kind of food, so that was a little confusing, and just a little inconvenient.
This is a review of our visit this week.  This was our second visit as we always give places a second chance.  Our first visit was when they had just opened and so it's been a while now.  I had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and the eggplant dip ($5.99) with a side of rice ($3.99).  My hubby had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and a grilled chicken wrap ($6.99).  Our order came up to about $30 after we received 10% off from checking in on Yelp.  When we walked in there was a group of 4 ladies eating dinner.  We overheard them talking about their food saying how good it was so we were very excited to get our food in hopes that it is better the second time around.  We ordered for take out.  The order took longer then the normal wait for the place to be empty but we were in no rush.  

After we received our order, we rushed home to eat.  The eggplant dip (Grilled seasoned eggplants blended with roasted tomatoes, eggs, and garlic sauce.) was served with warm pita bread was out of this world!  From what I remember of their baba ganoush...this is certainly much better as I didn't care much for the other (and I love just about every eggplant dish there is!).  I ate the dip with the pita and also on top of my side of rice.  The rice was also amazingly nice and fluffy; however very greasy from the looks of the bottom of the to go box.  It didn't stop me from inhaling all of the rice.  My wrap was filled with 3 good portions of falafel.  It was served with a side of salad (nothing special as it was just some ice berg lettuce thrown in the to go box).  There was also a side of Tahini sauce which went well on top of the wrap.  Will definitely be back!
Great, great, great service

The food here was awesome, the price was right, and the staff is I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.

I got the Chicken Breast Soltani plate with rice and a green salad. The meat was juicy and flavorful while not being overly seasoned. The rice was buttery and well cooked while the salad was crisp and fresh.

The hummus was awesome, but the best part of the meal was the pita bread. They bake it in house and it was hot when we got it. There are few things better than fresh bread. There are even fewer things better than fresh pita.
Eastern's hidden Mediterranean jewel: Kabob Grill.  

It's not your typical Greek fare with the blue and white decor, cheesy photos on the walls (and or a mural).. No, it very much feels like a fast foodie sort of place with the exception that the place is super clean, not tacky, and I concur with other people's comments about the stellar service.

The food was outstanding!!! I ordered the chicken salad (thanks to the Yelper that recommended this) and my boss ordered the Gyro lunch special.  We both agreed that the salad dressing was incredible!  Alas, everything looked so delicious (and after confirming this with one bite), I ate my entire meal without so much as a thought to take a photo of it. I'm sorry :( 

Bright side is, I crave delicious Greek eats often so there will be future opportunities for me to try and capture the tastiness in a photograph.

There were complaints about price, and sure, they are a bit high but consider this: have you really come across quality ingredients, friendly staff, clean establishment, and delicious food that IS super cheap? Ok, maybe, but it's rare.

D-LICIOUS. That is all.
If you love Mediterranean food, this is a great place to dine on the southeast side! 

Although its a fast food spot. The food was as good as any sit down dinner that I have experience. 

I ordered the appetizer sampler where you get to pick 3. I chose hummus, babaghanoosh and tabolleh salad. Served with lots of warm pita bread, this is enough for more than 2. After eating all of the tabolleh which was fresh and lemony, I then tried the hummus and babghanoosh. Both full of flavor. Plenty left over to take home along with the pita bread. 

Looking forward to having the leftovers tomorrow. I'll be going back to try a beef kabob soon. I'll be sure and take someone with me so I can have it and split some more appetizers.
My first time in here. Overall the food was great but It just took especially long to receive it. The manager said that their ticket printer for the cooks messed up, maybe ran out of paper so I sat there and waited for 20 min.

 I asked about the long wait and at that point the manager had just then told me about the mix-up so he offered to comp my meal which I thought was a good way to handle the situation. He was very apologetic and sincere in the way he handled this. That's about all one can ask for when something like that happens. 

I got a beef tenderloin wrap and their chicken wings and rice. The meat in the wrap is tender and cooked right with good flavor. The chicken wings I liked they had flavor all the way through from whatever they marinate them in. Both dishes I got I would order again. I also tried the hummus and pita bread which was really good as well. Great meal overall I was very pleased. Without the comp it would have cost about $23 for this meal. I feel it's a little pricy but it is good quality food though so I will return and give them more business.
Chicken kabob, baba, must o khiar, falafel, baklava, hummus, all really good. If it did not feel a little "fast foodie" it would be better.
I recommend the chicken kabob highly. The baklava is, according to my wife, fantastic. The hummus was good, and the baba ganoush was awesome.
I will be going back.
When I walked in today, I was pleased by how friendly the staff was- this was the most memorable part of my experience. It was obviously my first time, and the cashier was happy to answer my questions and tried his best to describe the rice to me. I should have asked for a sample but I digress.

I ordered the Gyro combo plate, which comes with fries and a fountain drink. I should have ordered an extra side of salad (which comes with the regular gyro wrap, but is replaced by fries in the combo), because the wrap was brimming with delicious meat but could have used more onion and tomato (I like a little more crunch in my gyros). I was also happy that the pita bread was as good as other Yelpers described. You can tell it's fresh. I would have tried the hummus or babaganoush, but was afraid the portion would have been too big for one when followed by a gyro.

Overall, solid place, but definitely wouldn't drive past Yassou! to get here.

PROS:
Friendly Staff
Good Gyros
Tzatziki sauce and pitas were especially wonderful

CONS:
Not enough veggies in the wrap (YES, I SAID IT!!)
No individual appetizers (more of a suggestion)
I've been here a few times to satisfy a gyro sandwich craving but decided to try one of their lunch specials during this visit. I had the gyro plate and unfortunately, not as good as their gyro sandwich. The plate includes: gyro meat, rice, pita bread, a side salad and fountain drink. The meat was definitely the redeeming element of the plate but everything else left a lot to be desired. The rice was mediocre, the salad consisted of low quality iceberg lettuce with a pretty bland dressing and two small pieces of pita bread. 

Kabob Grill makes a fantastic gyro sandwich but the gyro plate at Stephano's Greek and Mediterranean Grill (located 5 minutes away down Eastern) is far better. To be clear, if you're looking for a top notch gyro sandwich, give Kabob Grill a shot.
So, Cafe Zupas was closed because the kitchen had a fire. "Wtf" was my initial reaction. My second reaction was "now what do we eat?" My stomach was growling and I could feel the grump emerging from within. I didn't want to travel far, so across the parking lot we ventured to Kabob Grill. 

Arrived around 830 pm, they close at 9 and it was busy. 3 families already eating when we got there and 3 more arrived during our meal. For a small place, it was pretty crowded. I saw a free appetizer with yelp check in (obviously with a purchase of an entree). My friend and I decided since we were getting a free appetizer, we might as well share the entree. We opted for the hummus and the chicken kabob plate. The hummus was smooth, rich and tasty. I added their flavorful olive oil to it, which made it even more amazing. The pita bread that it was served with was warm, thick and soft. I could have made that a meal in itself, but alas I ran out of pita bread :( The chicken kabob plate arrived and I'm glad we decided to split it. The meat was tender. The rice cooked perfectly. And it came with tomatoes and onions!!!! I was freaking ecstatic over the onions. I'm glad we picked this place. 

Like I said, it's a little place and the tables are cramped together. It must get crazy busy during lunch times. Will def be back to try their stuffed grape leaves and gyros.
Mmmm love this place chicken is perfectly seasoned and so tender. My favorite is the chicken kabob with rice it's so good I haven't really tried other stuff there. But staff is great and I love it's a mother and son duo that opened it.
The best food, service, quality & value! Try the "Wing Kabobs" I here they are amazing....
I love finding little hidden gems while driving around. This little tiny place I found and so glad I tried them!

The service was great, considering my inconsiderate self strolled in 15 minutes before closing! :-/ (rude!) Anyhow-they were polite, food was great and never felt like I needed to inhale my food and go. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Soltani and it was made to perfection! Chicken was flavorful, nicely grilled, rice was fresh, overall just delicious! Good job to the owner and staff!
Driving by and hungry not close to my favorite place I thought I would give it a shot.  Walk in the place is clean service is friendly.  Check out the menu I decided on the Grilled Kafta one of my favorites.  

I did not want the extra pita so I asked and paid for a small amount of salad instead + a tip.  After my 20 minute drive home I found out no salad.  Oh well, plenty of other places to eat on this side of town when im here.  The flavor was good but just not like my favorite place.  

Not bad but not great either...
We (4 of us) were regulars here - and loved the menu, food and service - I would have given it 5 stars.  HOWEVER.....We went there this week and were very disappointed that they changed their menu format.....It's almost ala carte style now.  My favorite used to be the chicken combo which included a salad and half a grilled tomato.  I ordered the "New" chicken kabob, and did not like it with green peppers and onions and did not care for the whole grilled tomato that was not .75 extra.  And the plates that they now use seem "cheap".  Needless to say we will not be back.
For Persian food it was pretty good.  Persian food is one of my favorites.  However the portion size of the kebabs was small.  Great rice, great mustomusir.  I will be back.
Hubby and I have only been inside a couple of times, but it's easily one of my favorite places. We used to get delivery from here a lot, but they stopped delivery so we were forced to stop by! :) I'm not complaining considering the service is very good. 

I always get the falafel wrap and my husband and I share the sampler platter. The hummus is absolutely amazing! Very creamy and the olive oil they use has a nice, light flavor. The Israeli salad is my favorite, I pretty much put it on everything. Their falafel is also one of the best I've had and it never disappoints! Being almost 8 months pregnant, I pretty much crave it constantly so I can't wait to grab some soon for my birthday.
Sooooooo good! The staff is amazing and so nice. We ran out of Pita and I went to order more, willing to pay and instead the brought more out for us, plus more samples of food to try. Chicken kabob, falafel and gyro, Greek fries and hummus were perfect.
5 stars because it's fast, soooo tasty, reasonably priced, and they have lots of somagh on deck for the rice. Not in those little packets either! Take it from me (I'm Persian) , I know good kabobs and this place is super awesome!
Great little place for Mediterranean food. My favorite is the gyro salad. They give you plenty of meat and they use romaine lettuce. Dressing is also delicious.
Good food, the restaurant atmosphere is more of a fast food atmosphere with good quality food. Last time I was there I found out they no longer offer tabouli which is what I gave them a four star instead of a five.
My favorite gyro and kabob spot in Las Vegas.  Consistently good quality with superb flavors...  Additionally,  the best tasting rice anywhere!!!
Serving persian food in fast food setting. Very clean and well done food. I had chicken kabob plate and cucumber and yogurt. Liked the quality of food and the atmosphere. The lady un the counter was noce and helpful. The food was reasonably priced. Liked the freshly baked bread as well. I recommend if you are passing through the area of working close by. Not suitable for parties of dates ! Lol
The food is delicious, but I thought it was a little over priced for the amount of food I received.  I had a take out order of the beef soltani and eggplant dish. For 14.99 the soltani came with a small and slender piece of kubideh and beef tenderloin.
One of my favorite lunch spots near my office. The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the chicken and ground beef kabobs!
Great food and friendly people, the grape leafs were smaller than I am used to but still good.
I'm used to this awesome place in Chicago but this place is pretty good. I had the chicken kabob platter with pita and hummus. I got two skewers of chicken kabobs on top of a large portion of rice. The rice looked plain but when you add the lemon that they include to it, it is fire! The hummus was ok and the two pita rounds that they give you are plenty. 90% of the skewers were chicken. I like veggies so I was a little disappointed with the amount of them on the kabobs. I do wish the chicken and the hummus had more flavor but the rice made up for that. The service was great and they were fairly quick with my order. They even bring it out and hand it to you while you're seated. I'd like to try the Gyro next time and see where that stands but I'll try it again for sure! :)
This is a terrific lunch option. I had a chicken kabob platter over their house salad with a side of pita and hummus. The chicken was well marinated and delicious, but the real winner was the hummus! It was incredible! I actually took my leftover hummus home and snacked on it afterwards. And the pita was so soft and delicious. 

The prices are fair and the restaurant is very clean. Good location on Eastern. The service was friendly and, although it did take a little while to get my platter, it was well worth the wait!  

There was a check-in offer for a free fountain drink, which is a plus. Will definitely be back for lunch soon.
We eat here often! It's a bit pricey for chicken & rice but it's healthy & it's a great alternative to fast food other than pizza & like I said, that's healthy!! Love their hummus & pita bread & their house dressing for their salad is so yummy. Their customer service is always good, they just seem like nice guys.
I've had take out here about 3 times now and it has always been good! I always call in before  I go so I don't have to wait and it's ready in about 10 minutes... The service is friendly especially the gentleman who I assume is either the manager or owner. You order the counter and there is both indoor and patio seating available. The prices are fair as well as the portions.. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) are addicting and have a delicious lemon taste to them! 


HOT TIP: If you like vinaigrette for your salad then request the lemon and oil dressing upon ordering.. If not, they usually give you a creamy sauce.. Also, they can toss the salad for you in the dressing and some special Mediterranean seasoning if you request it!
Visited for the first time yesterday and had to come back again today.... Fresh, delicious and definitely has it's own touch. I love Mediterranean and this is my new #FAV!
I absolutely love Kabob Grill. Their chicken is fresh and juicy. I was a little intimated by the amount of rice they give with their kabob plates, but the rice is SO good, you won't be able to stop eating it. 

They are also super fast. I called, placed my order and they said my food would be ready in 15 minutes. I came 5 minutes earlier and my food was handed to me immediately. 

My plate came with a side, so I asked for hummus. I don't know if it was a goof up, but the hummus did not come with pita.  Make sure you ask for pita with the hummus. 

I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fast, healthy Mediterranean food.
I love this place. The food is  perfectly seasoned, the Greek fries are amazing, and the service is always with a smile! Great lunch spot for me...but I'd drive the 20 miles from home to enjoy it as well!! Everything is made with LOVE!!!
Sadly enough, this once hookah bar is now only a restaurant/bar due to Madison's smoking ban.  One of Casbah's best kept secrets is the fact that they have half-price appetizers during happy hour (until 6:00) M-F.  My girlfriends and I just ate here Friday night, sneaking in at 5:45 and eating at the bar because the only two tables downstairs were full.  The food was delicious and because it was so cheap, we ordered 5 appetizers...for a total of $16.50!!!!!!  Everything was served with warm pitas and I would highly recommend the Dolmadakia Yalantzi, which is grape leaves rolled with a filling of seasoned rice, chopped fresh tomatoes, and spices.  Delicious!  Also, if you are in them mood for a real meal...the prices range from $12-20 with good vegetarian options.
We arrived in Madison on Christmas and needed a place to have dinner - Denny's just wasn't going to cut it.  So we called The Casbah, which happened to be open, and were completely delighted with what we found.  Highlights:

-  Three stories - a basement with a cloth-shrouded den for each table, where you sit, surrounded by pillows and cross-legged like a sultan, a main story with club-style lighting adorning the walls and a very hip looking bar, and an upper level with your traditional fine-dining setup, white table cloths and a rustic feel.

- The fare - excellently done, but a little expensive.  We had "The Ultimate Grill" for two, in which everything was cooked to perfection, including the veggies!  We also had falafel & tahini, which my Israeli accompaniment agreed was some of the finest we've tried in the States, tabouli, and a vegan lemon/lentil soup.  All were divine.

- Service - our waiter was friendly and earnest, and this was his first time out of the kitchen.  He was eager to share about the restaurant - the owner is a Palestinean and has been in Madison running the restaurant for over 30 years.

Definitely two thumbs up from us.  And thanks for being open on Christmas!  Love, the Jews
We just ate here last night.  They seemed to be pretty busy - there was a party they were preparing for upstairs.  We were seated in the bar/dining area.  I loved the traditional middle eastern music playing in the background.  The food was good.  The Lamb Kebab was very tender however it didn't seem to be seasoned very much.  I still liked it though and we ate it all along with the rice, vegetables and hummus it came with.  We also had the spinach/lentil soup which was very tangy and reminded me of Gujarati Dal.  The Date Salad was really good too - tangy and sweet.  I also tried one of their red wines from turkey and it went perfectly with our meal.  I'd love to go back and try more food and even catch a belly dance performance!
I was not familiar with the former incarnation of this place, but it's current rebirth left me unthrilled. I suppose they are still training staff and maybe even short-handed, and it shows. The service was over-burdened. When they flubbed my order -- I said lamb, but chicken showed up -- my dinner companions and I had to wait about 10 minutes until we could tell our server about the mistake. They fixed it quick though -- they just scooped the chicken out and plopped some lamb on top and brought it right back -- easy to tell that when you find some of the chicken you tried to return still sitting in the middle of your couscous! 

The food is average quality, but the presentation is nice, so you may be fooled. My meat was tough, vegetables seemed an after-thought.  This place ain't cheap, so you'd expect a bit more, overall.

This is Madison. There are options, and I' for one would take the dining room of King of Falafel over Casbah any night of the week.
The only time I had been in Casbah was years ago watching those braver than I take down flaming shots of liquor.  Now returning about three years later, the Casbah has closed and reopened under much publicized new management.  

Arriving this time for a late dinner we found the place almost entirely empty but still serving food till 10, this gave us the luxury to simply walk around and see all the beautiful designs on each floor.  Along each of the diverse floor settings you can accommodate yourself to your preference.  The main floor has the Moroccan bazaar feeling, with tile tables and a nicely woven-in bar.  The top floor consists of a large dining room prepared more elegantly full ensemble of white napkins.  Finally, the fairly small basement level has several private and romantic booths with raised floors beneath the tables as a gesture to the custom of sitting cross-legged on the floor.  Having done this tradition before, I enjoy the median the Casbah has provided, the sensation of sitting on the floor but having a bottom cushion, more pillows, and easier access to a solid table in front of you.  Often meals from this region are lengthy multiple courses that involve desserts and then coffee so sitting without much support can become uncomfortable or distracting from the food and the experience which is meant to be drawn out and savored.  

Not only is the atmosphere amazing, the food is delightful.  My dish, whose real name I admittedly cannot recall, was lamb with prunes served over rice.  I substituted rice for couscous which I always find rather mundane.  The lamb was very tender and juicy and the combination of that at the prunes was surprisingly delicious.  My partner got a b'stilla, I remember that one, which is a very unique creation.  It's a flakey pie stuffed with shredded meat and vegetables with the outer layer being sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon, amazing flavor combination.  The meal also came with a nice soup, a lentil and a chicken and beans both of which were also quite nice.  

Overall, my experience at the Casbah was well-rounded and solid.  With gorgeous dcor and really fresh flavors in exotic dishes.  The service was also quite courteous from host, waitress, manager, even the cook from the behind the bar waived to us.  It was one of the few times I've felt like I was actually being treated, in every sense of the word, to a exquisite meal, as if I was a foreign dignitary.  This brought the whole evening together making the Casbah a truly enjoyable and complete experience.

UPDATE:  I went back to eat here about a year after the above and the food wasn't as fantastical.  Still good but not amazing.   5 to 4 it must go.
I've never eaten here, but I will say hands-down Casbah has the BEST mojitos in Madison.  They're tart and they actually muddle with sugar so it's a little gritty as they should be. They are also gigantic.
I made the mistake of sitting in the lower level -- affectionately called "King Tut's" on their website.  It's made out to be an intimate place to eat, but really it's a llot like eating in your mom's musty basement.  I kept expecting some creepy crawly thing to scutter out from somewhere.  The whole place just felt damp and icky..

The food was just there.... nothing really too exciting -- and I like Mediterranean food!  I'd much rather go to Kabul over on State or any number of places before heading here again.
I love the mix of 1-2 star and 5 star reviews The Casbah has.  I'm going to put my vote for smackdab in the middle, with a solid 3 star review.

Don't get me wrong.  For fancy drinking, I adore this bar.  The decor and the low-lit prettiness is very sexy.  The drinks are overpriced, but well worth it.  I had some seasonal cocktail once that had blackberry brandy, sherry, cream (and possibly other things), and two ripe blackberries floating on top, served in a martini glass.  Since it's been 4+ years and that drink is still distinguishable from all other fancy drinks in my mind, you know it was a well spent $8.  I have come to drink here many times and have enjoyed it thoroughly each and every time.

The eating, though?  Not so much.  The food was average at best, but very overpriced.  I remember the restaurant being mostly dead, but service being slow.  My overall opinion of The Casbah (which had been so high) dropped a lot that night.

So, go late for some nummy drinks.  Skip dinner.
Went to Casbah on a recent Saturday night- we were seated upstairs which is a very pretty, well-lit casual space.  My friend and I ordered the vegetarian platter for two- but they were out of tabouli and substituted (something).  The hummus and baba ghanouj were very good, pitas were plentiful, the falafel-pucks were interesting, but overall the quality of the food was mediocre.  Not awful, but not memorable.  Service, though- was memorable and not in a good way.  I get that the building is multi-storied, and maybe that's why it takes so long to get your drinks or more pita, or your check.  

I won't say we'll never be back, I'm just not in a hurry.
The Casbah is expensive, but for the most part you get what you pay for.  The decor upstairs is lovely; everything is all twinkly and seems to get twinklier as your senses are enhanced by the richly spiced food and darn good cocktails.  Vegetarian entrees are in a separate section of the menu.  My favorites are the lentil soup, the m'hamra, the vegetarian platter, and the spinach pie.  I also love a cocktail called the Gypsy--it is lemon and orange juice with vodka and Benedictine, and it's always made just tart enough.

My only gripe is that their website says they're open on Sundays, but one Sunday evening I walked all the way out there in the snow to find they were closed.
2/13/10 UPDATE:  Maintaining a 3-star rating, but related to their generally not very good service, warning vegans and allergy-sufferers to STAY AWAY.  We ate there a couple of weeks ago with a friend who is vegan, and therefore made very sure to let the waiter know that she did not want a particular side that included yogurt.  When they brought up the plates, hers had the yogurt dish on it.  She very pleasantly explained the problem to the waiter, who took her plate away and returned about 10 minutes later... with visible traces of the yogurt still on the plate, around the side with which they had replaced it.  She did eventually get a plate that had not been contaminated (as far as we know), but if you had, say, a serious food allergy I would NOT trust the Casbah waitstaff not to kill you.

The food is excellent--well-seasoned and the meat is always succulent, and their rice and couscous have lovely flavor.  I love the lentil soup and always order it with dinners.  (UPDATE: Had the balaklavah recently with a special and it was INCREDIBLY dry.  Avoid.)

The $$ price category fits, but just barely--I find that a dinner for two, with one of us drinking, generally runs us about $65 once you add on the tip.  The food is good, but I find the waitstaff are often awkward in various ways.  This last time that we went, the waitress told us we could sit upstairs or downstairs, which I assumed was the ground level but apparently was the basement.  I still don't know why she wouldn't just seat us on the ground floor, which was completely empty.  The upper story is nicely decorated but I always feel like I've been stashed in someone's attic.

Also, although I like their wine selection, I had to give up on their cocktails after having several that were just not to my taste.  They're a bit on the expensive side, although I will say they are pretty strong--sometimes TOO strong, which might contribute to the taste issue (and it's not that I don't like strong drinks, but it gets to the point that it overwhelms all other flavors).
My husband and I went here for a "nice" dinner.  We were very disappointed.  The food was BLAND, the service terrible.  I'd say don't bother.
I was a bit leary of going here after reading the review but LOVED it!   Yes the basement has a bit of a musty smell but it a very cute and fun environment sitting down there.  I have been back there 3 times now and have sat downstairs twice and upstairs once.  The food is authentic and amazing!!!!  The price is very reasonable!  I feel bad for the wait staff having to run up and down the stairs for everything.  The service is a bit slow but it is probably because the place is not set up geographically nice for the wait staff.  I will go back (as I already have a couple times).
As a huge fan of Mediterranean food, I am disappointed that I will not be going back to the Casbah. This is even more disappointing since this is the only Mediterranean restaurant in a reasonable walking distance from my office for lunch.
 
I have given the Casbah three opportunities to make me a devoted fan. Every time I have placed a to-go order, it has either been the wrong order or on two occasions the chicken was raw.
One of the best Mediterranean restaurants in Madison. Nothing beats their kebabs!
Excellent food and service.  For an appetizer, the falafel dish was tasty and I followed that up with the chicken kabob entree.  A friend of mine was also very pleased with the veggie combo 1 dinner.

The wait staff was very courteous and I'm guessing it was the owner that came over and asked us how the dinner was going.
after too long of a hiatus, i convinced coworkers that it was well worth the drive (and extra lunch-time). a few wary members of the group accepted the challenge of trying something new.

as expected, everything was most delicious. two veggie combos (one of each I and II), grape leaves, an armenian salad, and lamb kabobs were enjoyed to the point where most plates were completely emptied.

my hummus and tabouli were scrumptious, the falafel was not as garbanzo-ey as i'm used to, but still very good. the baba ganoush was a little more tart than i'm used to, but the yummy bread offset that enough.

the atmosphere and service were quite nice. there were a few tables with 2-6 people at them, and one server; yet it didn't feel like we had to wait very long for anything.

i'll return sooner than later!
Just went here tonight for my birthday, based on the other Yelp-ers reviews...and wasn't disappointed.

It's a small, clean, cozy restaurant. I was afraid we'd have to wait a while-being a Friday and not having reservations-but when we got there there weren't many tables being used. Shortly after we got there, it got pretty busy, so we lucked out.

All four of us were pleased with our meals. I had the kabob special(lamb, chicken and kafta), others had the kafta, seafood special of the evening, and the steak kabobs(he's not too adventurous--but he tried my lamb and LIKED it!)

The meat was nicely seasoned...but not overly so. The hummus was good(but not my favorite) and the basmati rice was delicious. The boring boy who had the steak said that the potatoes with his meal were fab. 

I would definitely go again(besides, there were so many things on the menu that I want to try--I have to!)
The Shish Cafe is excellent!  Being a typical small town Wisconsin girl, I'm pretty wary of "new things".  I don't think I've been to a Mediterranean restaurant in my life.  I was totally unprepared for the deliciousness of shawarma, and the hummus, and the iggie!!  Honestly, I can't wait to go back.

Also, I assume it's the dude that runs the place that is especially friendly and showed me the shaker with the yummy spice on the table and he said it was "his spice".  okay!  it's good!

My only complaint is that really, the entrees are all priced like $4 too much to warrant going here as much as I'd like.
Phenomenal!
I don't mean just the restaurant.....even the fact that this is the 8th review in a row that has rated this place at 5 stars....and well worth it, I must say.

The place is a nice cozy homey little joint tucked away on University.
To start with, they bring out this yummy bread that you eat with olive oil mixed with the 'house spice'...which is delicioussssssss.
The food was amazing...I think had the lamb kebab, which was succulent. The hummus was great, so was the rice. Portions were good.
The wife had the minced meat kebab....which was TO DIE FOR. Seriously. The best kebabs I have ever had. EVER. It came with a tahini sauce, which was delishhhh.

All in all, I'd go there more often...if it were just a little cheaper.
Service was a little slow...but it was Friday night..and the food made up for it.
The food comes in good portion for the price--my main reason for giving it 4 star. The taste is above average, but not impressive enough; it's an ethnic restaurant good enough for a town of Madison's size and geographical location. It's definitely worth going back to, though. I suppose lunch will be a better deal.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.

We went there for dinner. They served naan (more crispy and dried than at the Indian restaurants. kinda like crackers almost) with high-grade olive oil + home-made spice mix. The spice mix was really good. I suppose the naan would have tasted better if it was softer to soak up some olive oil. 

We ordered lamb borek and seafood pasta/noodle. The borek was really good, one of the best lamb dish I've had in Madison. The flavors were well-balanced and ingredients were fresh. I'm glad they didn't over season the food so that you can find use for the yogurt sauce that comes with it (yogurt sauces have a mild flavor). The pastry was baked well--mostly uniform thickness throughout. The seafood pasta was kinda like shrimp scampi, and the flavor was average--it's a fail-proof dish and easy on the palate. 

The Syrian tea was a bit diluted. The Baklava was above average (not great) cuz' I could taste the honey being substituted with sugar. Good thing they didn't over-sweetened it.

Overall, good dining experience though.
I just had to update my review to say that I went to dinner at the Shish recently and it was packed!  The service was very slow, but it was no big deal.  I just wanted to commend the staff on being very gracious about the situation, as there was a table with 2 assholes next to me complaining about not being served right away and lying to their waitress about how long they had waited.  Apparently, one of the servers wasn't there, and on top of that, it was very busy.

Anyway, the food there is still totally excellent.  My favorites are the iggie, the spinach tuna, the salmon, and the chicken shawarma.
Our absolute favorite place in Madison. The food is suberb and the staff very accommodating and kind.  LOVE IT!
Shish Cafe is one of my "happy" places. I know that I will always eat too many pieces of nice warm pita, stuff myself with deliciousness and still come home with leftovers for the next day. On really bad days, I call ahead and watch TV while doing all of the above. Consistently great food, nice waitstaff, re-heats well the next day. Who could ask for more?
This place is rather eclectic for the area it's in (Far West Madison; Middleton?) and really seems out of place. But, that aside their food is quite excellent and the the wait staff are friendly! It's mostly hybrid Mediterranean (Tunisian?) dishes and there are several vegetarian options! Bonus on that. Overall, I'd go back and didn't give it a 5 because the prices are a bit outrageous. C'mon, fellas! We're not in the Upper East Side...
I can't believe its taken me this long to review this place.  

I'm going to keep this brief:

Don't let the strip mall scare you, they serve THE finest middle eastern food in Madison at prices that make it a true value.  Mediterranean Cafe ranks as one of the best in Madison but Shish's menu is more extensive and more 'high end' (ie salmon, meats, etc).  

The service is family-oriented and the space inside that ugly strip mall will pleasantly surprise you.   Music is authentic as well.
This place was the highlight of my trip to Madison.  Thank you Yelp, for helping us find a really incredible place to eat.  We got here about 10 minutes before they were about to close, and it kind of felt like they didn't want to take any new customers.  I would have been more understanding if I had actually known they were about to close - we thought they were going to be open for several more hours.  We were eyeballed for a few minutes with no one coming to talk to us, but then were seated after a few minutes of waiting.

Immediately the four of us went after the Shish sampler for 4, though we were worried that there might not be enough food.  Fear not, fellow Yelpers.  If you come in a group of 4, I highly recommend it.  There was so much food, and the waitress (I believe who was the owner's wife) helped us out by spacing out the food into all the appetizers and the entrees.  

I will say, that they could improve the bread.  I wish it was a bit more doughy, and softer as well - it's kind of hard to eat when it all just crackles when you take a bite.  But, it's the only thing I'd change.  The spices on each dish were great though I've forgotten much of what I've eaten.  I did enjoy the hummus and falafel in particular on the appetizers side.

The entrees were lamb chops and chicken and steak kabobs.  My God, I've never had lamb like that before.  It was incredible.  And, as a point of pride for our table, we polished off every bit of food.  I think the owner may have heard us talking about the show Man vs. Food, where the guy on the show does all these food challenges, but he came out at the end of the meal, thanked us for coming and said he was proud of us eating everything.  He gave us a $10 gift certificate to use on a future date, and joked (I think) that he'd give us $20 if we finished everything a second time.

Truly a great place, I would love to go back.  They ended up locking the doors after us, about an hour after they officially closed - we were never rushed once.  Serious hospitality.  I was thinking about the star system and was about to go 4, but honestly, for Madison, it had to be a 5 star place.  I had been to too many mediocre to decent places in Madison, but this joint redeemed the town.
I love Middle Eastern food and I live on the west side, so I'm disappointed I avoided this place for so long. I even passed by it several days a week for a while. The lousy outward appearance did keep me from dropping by on a whim, but luckily once I found the reviews on Yelp I knew I had to go. (Side note: they have a 'People on Yelp love us' sticker on their window and a posted letter from Yelp congratulating them on the 5 star reviews, so if you get close enough you'll figure out they do rock). 

Sadly, the location on University Ave annoys the crap out of me! I just want there to be a direct route through all of that residential area between University and Mineral but the only way is to get down to Whitney. Pretty weak, I know, since it only adds 5 minutes on a bad day.

Anyway, let's get to the food! 

First went to lunch and got the Shish Kafta (ground lamb skewer) with hummus (stir in the spices they sprinkle on top) and tabbouleh. Delicious, delicious tabbouleh.  Always remember with Indian and Middle Eastern: apart it's good, together it's fantastic so MIX! (eat them together, don't stir it up with your spoon, nub). Most meals come with some pita for the table which is actually a bit bland until you add some of the tasty seasoning mix you'll find on the table. Also got some Arabic coffee. The cardamom was a welcome taste to the coffee, just know that Arabic coffee has the grounds in the bottom of the pot, so when you get to the end of your cup, don't take a big swig. It's so rich anyway, you probably wouldn't do that. I don't really call myself a coffee drinker, but I enjoyed it. Too stuffed to try the baklava.

Then I went back to dinner with my sister, her bf, and his sister. YOWZA! Dinner dishes are always more expensive, but the broad selection of entrees and appetizers is fantastic. There are even a number of seafood options which we did not partake in. From the top:  Arabic coffee: Not for everyone (I still like it!). Jibne is absolutely delicious fried cheese and it will squeak like a good cheese curd. Not that you'll want to go back to cheese curds after this, frankly. The Shish Sampler for two...can definitely feed three. And you won't need any rice in any other dishes if you're sharing.The mouhamara is too strong of a pepper flavor for me to eat in large amounts (pureed red pepper) but was appreciated greatly by others at the table. The Mediterranean noodles plate was surprising (Middle Eastern doesn't make me think noodles) but very tasty (and vegetarian) as a complement to the rest of the dishes (we were sharing) but would be too much of the same flavor/texture if I were ordering for just myself. Still too stuffed to try the baklava.

Bottom line: I don't think you can go wrong here. Pick something off the menu that looks good and you'll have a great meal. And if it isn't everything you were hoping for right away, it probably will be once you apply hummus and yogurt sauce. 

If you don't k now where to get started:
Try the Arabic coffee if you like rich coffee, get the Jibne appetizer if you like cheese (if doing dinner), then go for the Shish Kafta with hummus and with each bite combine 2 or more of the components on the plate (lamb kafta or veggies, yogurt sauce, tabbouleh, hummus).
My family got together here last weekend for a celebration of my son's graduation from law school and my wife's birthday.  It meant a lot to our family to have dinner together with 6 of us arriving from Madison, Baltimore, Chicago, and Colorado. We made a reservation for 4 three weeks ahead of time, but then we did apparently confuse the staff by adding two more people several days before the meal. That caused a hostile reception from the hostess, who seemed to feel we were somehow gaming her reservation system and we further aggravated her by arriving 17 minutes late (from 4 different cities), when she had warned us over the phone she would give away our table after 15 minutes. 
However, the host more than made up for it and he was truly wonderful to us. Now about the food and drink: hummus was great and the crunchy pita crackers were fine when we could get more of them. Wine choices were limited, but we liked the Romanian cabernet, offered at a reasonable $22/bottle. We had the Shish Feast for 6. The lamb chops were way overdone. Rice was good. Overall a somewhat distressing experience for me (the dad) because of our reservation issues, but the food was decent and the host went way out of his way to make the evening special, thus the 3 star rating despite my concerns noted above. In fairness, it was a Saturday night on a very busy graduation weekend in the city. Prices were more than fair, service was just ok. Host was wonderful and charming. What a night!!
Since I used to work here, felt I had to comment. I love this place! One of the reasons I wanted to work there while a student in Madison! 

One of the cleanest kitchens you will find anywhere. Amazing cooks, who really know how to make everything so well.... Used to have a brunch that was wonderful, I wonder if they still do? 

Food is phenomenal. I am craving it as I type.  Delicious! Please deliver to nyc? :) 

Hi to everyone who works there now, and the bossman! (forgot your name, it's been so long!) 

Shish on! 
:)
Beth
WOW! This place is excellent!

Had dinner at the Shish Cafe for the first time last night. I had never been there before but had read all the great reviews on yelp so I thought we should try it. 

All of the food we ordered was excellent. The chicken was amazing so was the rice, and all of the dips (especially the tahini), the grape leaves were great. For dessert we had the rice pudding and it was phenomenal! 

Our waitress was very friendly and we received good service. 

I will go back to eat here for sure!
Delicious place for lunch. Pleasant inside, a little ratty-looking outside... but, oh the food! First-rate middle eastern, well prepared and served nice and hot. Hummus, as others commented is excellent -- mild and well-balanced. Had the chicken kabob plate and the fowl was everything others have said: juicy, perfectly cooked, and spices were just right. Wife had chicken kabob sandwich which came wrapped in a massive fresh-baked pita. A little too much bread for her so she picked the chicken and tabouli out -- should have ordered the kabob plate.

Service prompt, cheerful without being patronizing. Two of us for lunch with Cokes (free refills... and also free refills on the fresh flatbread basket) about $23, and worth every penny. We'll definitly go back. Thanks, Yelp!
We love to enjoy the "feast for two" and try an array of freshly prepared, delicious dishes. The lamb is marvelous as is the fresh pita.
Pretty good - pricier than we were expecting!
The best Mediterranean food we've had in Madison and some of the best I've ever had in the Midwest (Chicago included). Hummus is delicious.  Kefta kebab is very tasty and perfectly cooked. Yogurt sauce is perfect. Pita bread is served soft and warm. Overall an excellent place.
By far the best middle eastern food in Madison, maybe even in Wisconsin.  The food here is consistently fresh and flavorful.  

It's the only place in town where I can find good grape leaves, their pita is served warm and the prices are affordable enough to make it a regular stop.  Beyond the basics, I highly recommend the Eggplant Munazala and the Mujadara....vegetarian heaven!  As a first timer, I would hit up their sampler platters - they cannot be beat.

The service is also excellent. The owner recognizes regulars and goes out of his way to make your patronage feel appreciated, but is never an overbearing presence at your table.

It can get pretty crowded on weekends, so go early and go often!

Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.
By far the best middle eastern food in Madison. Nothing on the menu that I would not recommend. If your are new to middle easter food go for the muhammara, jibne (baked cheese), and the shish kabob and mint tea, or Turkish coffee.
I had always enjoyed hummus but never enough to really seek out a better grade than the standard grocery store variety.  That is until I tasted the Shish Cafe's hummus.  This is a hummus you will want to eat like ice cream, it is that good.  In fact, Vegetarian Platter #2 makes it onto my Top 5 last meal list...and I'm a carnivore.  Atmosphere is non-descript strip mall, prices are moderately high, but the food is consistently spectacular.
Holy crap, I thought hummus was hummus, but at this place it is transcendent.  Everything we had was all amazing, from the Dolma (stuffed grape leaves) to the eggplant and the Damascus Spinach.  Even my mothers lamb kabobs smelled great, despite the fact that I don't eat meat.

The atmosphere is very nice, with loads of brass plates and lamps and random Turkish items strewn about the place--very homey.  All the staff was really friendly and helped people less informed about the cuisine pick out something they would like.  Who would think that rice could be as buttery (without butter) and delicious as they make it here?  Highly recommended.
The food was really good. The dishes were kind of dirty. And our service just sucked.

Why would you give two people three small pieces of bread to eat a bowl full of hummus? I'd only go back if it was for take out.
To my husband and me the Shish Cafe is the best.  The chef is the greatest, the waitstaff too, and the owner has a warm heart.  Just look around when you are seated and you realize life is good when you see how happy and contented everyone around you seems to be.  The quiet waitress, a Moroccan who must look Indian to some, makes you feel welcome, so much so that my husband and I think of her as the Mother of All.  Her admirers at the next table will respond with a big smile when asked about this waitress.  And there is the chef too,  whose great MIddle Eastern cooking brings sunshine into our lives.  Long Live the Shish Cafe.
Rumi
My favorite restaurant in Madison, hands down. It's making me too hungry to write about it in detail except: yum. 

My favorites: Jibne (but ALWAYS need more bread), tabouli, and the hummus you can eat with a spoon. Their house salad is also fantastic, if simple.
Easily the best restaurant in Madison.  

The only thing that I would stay away from would be the fattoush.
Ive only been here once and I had the set for 2.  There is a variety of sides which were rich in flavor and interesting looking. Will go back!
This place is just down the street from my house and it somehow took me a few years to get in and try it, man was I missing out! The food here is all really good. fresh pitas are amazing if you eat in. I love the chicken schwarma and the lamb and hummus. mmm!
Being so close to Shish, I thought I would try it out even though its not much to look at from outside. 

So glad I did. The authentic middle eastern music sets the mood for the cozy atmosphere. 

We had the Shish Sampler and it was the best Mediterranean cuisine I have ever eaten, and I am Lebanese. The hummus, eggplant and tabouli   were perfectly seasoned and the lamb was moist (hard to find). The portions were large, and could have easily fed another person. 

Anyone who doesn't rate this place for its amazing spice mixes that complement so seductively, doesn't have a palette for flavor. The flatbread alone is worth the visit. Will be going again and again just to try each of their menu items. If the sampler has created this much happiness on my tongue, I cannot wait to explore the rest of the menu! 

Favorite restaurant in Madison!
The shish cafe has such good food that I can get over the fact that the service here sucks. Seriously. It takes FOREVER to be waited on here. 

I can't tell you how many times I've been here. And what my husband and I order is SO GOOD that we can't help but order the same thing every time we come. 

Word to the wise, start with the sampler plate of Tabbouleh, Hummus and Baba Ganouj. The tabbouleh salad is so refreshing, the hummus is smooth and creamy and the baba has just the right amount of kick. 

Then, order a chicken kebab with rice. This chicken is hands down the best chicken kebab I've ever had. Loaded with seasonings, grilled to perfection with perfect smokiness. The rice is fluffed and tasty with toasted almonds throughout, and the yogurt dip adds a nice tang to the whole combo. 
I've never done dessert here for a couple of reasons - 1) the service is so slow sometimes, that I'm just anxious to leave and 2) there's no way I'd be able to pack another ounce of food in my gut after having gorged out on the app and entree!

I've done takeout a couple of times too, and I feel like I actually get MORE food going this route. But if you think it's super speedy to do the takeout thing, guess again. I've called once for carry out only to be told it'd be an hour minutes before my food would be ready. More normally, it's about 30 minutes. Worth it.
Nice sized portion for lunch, not too big but enough for the price.  Great flavors and yummy hummus.  The pita bread was a let down, just a notch above grocery store pita and only then 'cause I didn't have to go to the store and buy it.  Service was fast but not outstanding, probably because the waiter struggled with English.  We'll eat here again when we're in the area but we won't make a special trip.
The food was excellent.  If you can overlook the apathetic hostess/waitress, who was totally put out that we failed to make a reservation, even though the entire eating area was empty, and her horrid customer service, by all means - go, check it out.  We each ordered a glass of wine, which was finally delivered to the table 15 minutes after our food arrived at the table.  Nothing like sitting with water and three rounds of pita for 45 minutes.  We asked 3 different people for the wine, including the waitress.  Loved the food, there's nothing like it where we live and we were excited to check this restaurant out after seeing it on yelp.  You're only allotted 3 small  pita rounds at any given time - God forbid you ask for more, they acted like there was a pita famine in Madison.  The waitress never checked on us, never asked if the food was good, never asked if we were done and if we wanted a box.  We finally had to flag someone else down and ask for the check.  When she brought the check, she slammed it down on the table and stormed off.  There appeared to be several regulars here, eating out on date night - she seemed at least mildly interested in them.  We own a business, and I would never for a minute consider treating people that way the staff at this establishment did.  It was appalling.
Great Middle Eastern food. Everything on the menu is tasty. Don't let the old strip mall exterior fool you, this place is worth the stop.
Food: 5
Decor: 3
Service: 2

Amazing food, but service was disappointing. I came here around 6:30pm for dinner on Monday night.

1. Chicken Shawarma, 13 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?select=p5dWwxJ2w5m3sKThQ6lAAA
Delicious, definitely one of the best Mediterranean I've had. The chicken was nice and moist, and the plate came with a ridiculous amount of hummus. Paired with hot, fresh bread http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bJo_-dEqQKdJKQJaa9hK7g?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ, and this dish overall was amazing. I almost opted for the chicken kabobs, but the server recommended this instead.

Service was extremely slow. I had to request fresh bread from another server, and it took two tries before I got my check. Then it took forever to pick up my check.
Pretty good falafel, cooked to the right consistency and loaded with an authentic variety of spices that are hard to forget. Falafel is top-notch, but they are losing on the shawerma front. With shawerma I tend to expect juicy gyro-style strips cut off of a spit, but what I got was my mom's chicken.

By no means is that a bad thing. My mom knows her Arab food. Again the spices really set it apart, giving a great kick to what otherwise might have been bland but very fresh chicken.

Sandwiches are served in the Levantine laffeh bread, which is much larger and thinner than pita. This allows for much-appreciated larger portion sizes (fuck you Med Cafe).

Hummus was decent, nothing too special. Wouldn't order again, but that's mainly because their menu has such an interesting selection of items that I haven't seen at too many Mediterranean restaurants. I would be remiss to stick with such tame options next time.
First, food was great.  Unfortunatly that doesn't make up for severely bad service.  We got there at opening, and waited 20 mins for them to finish cleaning .  Took 15 mins to get an order taken and another 30 mins for the food.  If you want a second drink or more bread you have to tackle someone to get it.  To our waitresses credit she had 3/4 of the dining room and was the hostess, and the guy waiter had 4 tables and stood sround in the kitchen a lot.  But again food was great but service will keep us from going back.
3 stars vs 4 or even 5 due to awful service.  I've been a few times now and every single time there is horrible service. The food- amazing.  Be prepared to be very very patient.
Wonderful choices, and everything was tasty.  Not a place if you are in a hurry, but I honor a restaurant who makes everything fresh.  Enjoyed amazing lamb.
My family and I have been going to Shish Cafe for years. The food is always delicious; I don't believe I've ever had anything I disliked there.

That said - admittedly, service can be a little spotty at times. However, they will take carry-out orders if you call in, and will quote you fairly accurate times as to when they'll be ready. If I go to eat there, I just figure it'll take a while and order some Turkish coffee.
It's the best Mediterranean food I have had in Madison do far but that really isn't saying all that much.  The food was good but nothing special.  Service was overbearing and annoying.  How many times do you need to ask me how the food is?  4 times was a bit much.
Even the best food can't make up for poor service. And the food at Shish Cafe wasn't good enough to even come close to making up for it. We waited and waited, then were rushed through ordering, weren't checked on, and had to flag our server down like a taxi during rush hour to get the check.  

I had the chicken kabob. The chicken was juicy with good seasoning. The hummus was bland (to me) and my whole dish looked like it had been slopped on the plate. My husband liked his lamb stew, but wasn't anything to write home about. 

All in all, for the price ($40 for two, no apps, no drinks), I won't eat here again. I'm surprised that this has 4.5 stars, especially in Madison, where decent restaurants are pretty easy to come by. Disappointed about it, was hoping this would be the place to come for great Mediterranean food.
Two words: beef kabob. The meat is always flavorful and moist, the vegetables grilled to perfection, and the hummus to die for.
What a great find - thanks Yelpers!  The food was outstanding!  Ordered the beef kabob for the boys and they devoured 'em.  I had the lamb chops that were seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My wife had a spinach dish that was also very tasty!  

The down-side was service (otherwise I'd give this a 5-star rating).  So be prepared to have a beer or wine, and kick back.  We ordered an appetizer that had tabouli and hummus.  It was a dipping plate, but the bread wasn't ready, and so we waited, and waited, and finally grabbed our spoons and went at it!  Delicious!  The bread finally arrived, and was incredibly good - would've liked to dip that into the creamy hummus!!  Server was absent for most of the night.  Had to go ask for our check, and bring it up to the waitress when I was ready to pay.  They may have been short-staffed, and so I'll give them some reprieve.  I would definitely come again - lots to goodies to choose from on the menu!
The place is nice, especially when there's belly dancing! Food is okay. Service is kind of slow. If you've been to Casablanca in Milwaukee, this place is a bit pricier. My favorite Middle-Eastern place is still Casablanca.
My favorite spot for Mediterranean food in Madison. Do not be deterred by the fact that it is in a strip mall on University Avenue. I stumbled upon the reviews of this place via Yelp, and was not led astray! The Shish Feast is amazing, and the amount of food will leave you with leftovers for dinner the next day. Craving their dolmas right now...
I believe this is the best Mediterranean in the Midwest
At this weird location, any complaints about the service are simply because no one is being nice to the servers. 
Seriously, just look them in the eye while you order.

Great for vegetarians, tons of veggies, not all carbs and hummus.

get the fried squash dish and you will have dreams about it later.
Excellent cuisine...delicious, wholesome, fragrant spices.
Place went belly up!!! So sad
Why did you close ! Where did you go ! 
Amazing food simply amazing
This location ( I was told by one of the folks who used to work there) was closed due to the construction on University Ave. There are plans to get s new location up and running again so stay tuned!
Food was delicious, has a store too.
Food is totally awesome. The owner is great too, the only issue is that since she does everything, it's possible it takes forever to get service.

Restaurant, Clothing Store, and Grocery.
There ( almost ) is no need to hop the Marrakech Express since we have Alzohour Market right here in Phoenix. Islamic clothing , groceries and other items are sold here but there also is a very modest small Moroccan Restaurant and Bakery here. The food we tried was delicious. Service was VERY pleasant but terribly slow. I think it took them a half hour to bring our beverages. Only one  other small table was in the restaurant and our meal was a two hour stay so that should be noted. I also noticed that table of four people had each plate delivered to them one by one and NOT TOGETHER! I think it might be very hectic for them to serve more than two tables at a time.

We shared the B'Stilla. It's a Moroccan Appetizer. It's a very large House Made Phyllo Pastry stuffed with shredded chicken, almonds, and cinnamon. It very delicious and certainly unique. It really feeds four or more people but we wanted to try it.

Then we shared another Moroccan dish the Fish Tangine. It was Cod on a sizzling skillet in a Tomato based sauce with onions ,  bell peppers , preserved lemons and exotic spices. It was very fragrant and spicy! They gave us side salads and a big plate of fluffy long grain rice to share.

You can get Moroccan without the hassle of going to Marrakech. 

This building is Halal that means no pork is in the building and a big wall of A Grade Maricopa inspection reports are posted on the window.
Fabulous food. The owner is terrific.  You won't be disappointed. We drove 40 miles and will do it again. We tried four dishes and the were all delicious.
A neighborhood ethnic place in yet another ubiquitous strip mall. I thought the food was good and the owners charming. I had the lamb shank with vegetables and cous cous. I thought is was good not great. It needed more seasoning and I relied on some red spicy sauce we all passed around to give it dimension. If I am ever in that neck of the woods again, I would definitely try one of the tangines. 
We need to support places like this and enjoy the diversity in our neighborhoods!
Really, I can describe this place only in superlatives. I've been here multiple times now, and it has never disappointed. Everything is cooked fresh, the flavors blend beautifully, and the owner is pleasant and informative.
A friend and I shared a chicken  bastilla here and loved it. Along with its companion salad, it would easily have served three, maybe four lunchers. Our second lunch buddy had the Bosnian sausage, served with sour cream but not avjar, which pretty well matched that of the Sarajevo Cafe but was not quite as savory (perhaps less fatty, which for us is actually a good thing). Service was leisurely, but we expected that. So, all good, though I wish they had divided up the salad and maybe the bastilla on individual plates (tables are small and the ensuing plate clutter was significant) and offered our friend both sour cream and the peppery red sauce (avjar) that would have made the sausages more complex and delicious. Other than that, no complaints at all about the food. Can't wait to return for another bastilla. 

I can't speak for the scope of the market, but I did find some interesting items and did not find their prices out of line, considering how small the operation is. Enjoyed seeing the colorful clothing, at least some of which is apparently sewn on site. 

My friends and I lunch weekly and seldom repeat a restaurant, but we agreed this one is a keeper for all of us.
My friend found this small Moroccan grocery and invited me to stop by for dinner. The interior consists of a grocery and clothing section, and a tiny dining area. There was not much of ambiance as we were the only visitors on that evening. It's a one-person operation and the owner does everything from kitchen to the floor. 

The Harira ($3.99) came with lentils, tomatoes, garbanzo beans and cilantro soup. The blend of ingredients and spices made it zesty hearty with a good lift stemming from a mix of lentil and cilantro. It was a light opener and one item to consider for those looking for soups. 

The Baba Ghannouge ($4.99) came with baked eggplant, sesame sauce, garlic, and lemon. The thick eggplant consistency was garlicky and addictive. The zesty lemony flavor nicely intertwined with the deepening sesame sauce. However, the bursts of eggplant flavors were held in check and in need to be more striking.

The Bamiah ($12.99) was put together with a large bulky piece of simmered lamb, saffron, okra, and a combination of spices. The okra was very tasty and nicely stewed. The outer-layer of the lamb had some dry spots, but otherwise it was tender and easy to fork into. The mix of spices could also be more intense and integrated. It was missing one note that could have brought it all together. 

The Goat Tagine ($14.99) was culminated by a large bulky piece of goat with the bone in, saffron, and spices. The goat too, had some dry spots on the outside, but it was still very tender and easy to fork into. The aroma was sensational, but I wished the goat were seasoned better.

Overall, the food was solid but not spectacular. There were some minor wow factors stemming from the soup and the wonder aroma of meat and spices. Despite the missing notes that could serve as a bridge between the meat and broth, but the drizzles were still very tasty when served on top of our generous servings of rice. 

Service was very personable and friendly. It goes without saying, but the one-person operation will cause the food to take some time to arrive. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their good-looking Bastilla.
This place has decent food. The gyro meat is really good and tender, and the dressings and tzatziki sauces taste homemade-- not sure if they really are or not. The lettuce always tastes like bagged cheapo stuff, though, and they only have bottled drinks-- no brewed iced tea or anything fancy. The restaurant is really small- with only three or four tables inside in the air conditioning. They have outdoor seating with misters, but I personally really hate sitting under misters. They have waitstaff, er ONE server, who double as a counter server, so it can be slow, but they are always very friendly. All and all, this restaurant is OK. I work close, so it's kind of nice to go here as a change of pace, but not on any sort of regular basis or anything.

Just a funny note: I did spellcheck here on yelp.com, and they suggested "testis" for "tzatziki." ha!
I've been coming to this place for years. It's cheap and yummy. And, located in downtown Scottsdale, that's a rare find.
For $5, the falafel sandwich is the best bargain. The falafel is crispy, and the sandwich is rolled up with hummus, tahini and tomato. It comes with a little iceberg lettuce salad that's unremarkable -- except for the tangy dressing (maybe sumac?) that makes it flavorful.
The actual falafel here is probably the best in the Valley. It's the only thing I've tasted that comes close to the home-made falafel my friend used to make for us all at bar time....that stuff rocked.

A few tips, though: First, don't bother parking in the parking lot. It's tiny and I've seen cars almost hit each other (or diners) on multiple occasions. Just park on the street. Also, order ahead. The service can be kind of slow, so just go online and order about 10 minutes before you get there.
If the weather is nice, it's a great place to eat outdoors.
I was impressed by the quality.  It was more than i expected.
VERY tasty food but not cheap.

I went here for lunch with coworkers and since I don't eat flour/wheat I ordered a chicken/kafta plate with rice, salad and garlic sauce.  The service was slow as there was only one waitress and what appeared to be the owner working, but the service was friendly and very accommodating.

The chicken and kafta was honestly some of the best I have ever experienced.  Chicken was moist, well marinated/seasoned and absolutely delicious.  The kafta was perfectly seasoned, char grilled, and not greasy like I have experienced elsewhere.  The meat literally fell apart with my fork, so tender and delicious.  Add the garlic sauce... forget about it.  Unreal.  Fresh minced garlic and olive oil, yum!  The rice was also tasty and some of the best I have ever had.

My bill for the chicken/kafta plate and Arizona Iced Tea was about $16.50, $19.50 out the door.... not cheap for lunch but I must say it was definitely worth every penny.  I will be returning as budget allows.
I came to the Pita House for the free wifi, which is really convenient.  The food is pretty standard, but good.  I especially liked the hummus.  The atmosphere is pretty friendly, the waiters all seemed really nice, and only slightly weirded out that I was on my laptop there!
Good place. I have been coming here for years. It's even better now that they expanded and purchased the coffee shop next door (which is now the Pita House bar).

The food is good, the patio and new bar are are set-up well. Service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly. Good solid food at a fair price.

I have yet to try one of the hookahs on their outdoor patio, though I intend to imbibe one of these evenings real soon.
Had lunch here early afternoon.  From the outside you are fooled a bit as this establishment is housed in the "Old Town Pueblo" looking building next to a tattoo place and Schlotzsky's.  You are fooled into thinking this might be a half-ass run pita joint.  However, the only fooling once you step inside is the faux old world walls and fixtures; so Vegas-ish.  I did notice a windex smell upon entering.  I took that as a good thing vs. a bad thing although it was a little nasty to waff.  Otherwise this place is pretty authentic Lebanese.  I had the hummus appetizer along with the chicken kabob sandwich, both were yummy.  I always get a little shy trying foreign food in the desert cause it always seems like the stuff is a day or two old, but the stuff looked fresh and tasted yummy.  The place was playing some Arabic music and had some Bollywood looking movie on the two plasma screens and although our waitress was from Venezuela, she played and sounded the Lebanese part pretty good.  She apologized for taking too long to bring out our bill, but I was having such a good convo with my friend that I told her 'no worries'.  I noticed that they do offer hookah and belly dancing on the weekends.  They have a little VIP nook inside and an average size patio outside.  You can sit down if you walk in the back door or order take-out from the front door.

+ + +'s:
fairly ethnic feel, fresh lunch food, clean, several areas to eat (inside, outside, VIP, take-out), friendly service

- - - 's:
faux materials (we all know it's fake, just paint it mediterranean blue or something), tone down on the clean smell

In sum, if you are looking for a bit of ethnic flair with decent food and a variety of seating choices, this is your place.  If you are looking for upscale mediterranean, look elsewhere.
Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.
Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.
I was driving around for business and wanted something different for lunch and stumbled upon this place. 

The atmosphere is pretty cool... Clean and simply decorated which I liked. The bar was nice and am thinking that it would be a cool place to start out and grab a couple drinks before a night out in old town. 

The food was good. I got the Kafta Kubideh Pita sandwich and it came with a salad. The pita sandwich was really good and I especially liked the grilled taste on the meat. The salad was ok, nothing special (shredded lettuce and dressing) All in all I liked the meal. The price was a little high in my opinion as my meal with a drink was 11 bucks and change. 

I'll go back when I'm around the area but won't be in a hurry to do so.
Seeing Chris R's review for Pita House reminded me to review my experience too.  I stopped in for what I thought would be a quick carry-out order late afternoon / early evening on a Saturday... 

I skimmed the menu that was posted outside and walked in.  I recall hearing positive things about this place and figured it would be perfect for what I was looking for - a quick and somewhat healthy option to take home and eat quickly as I got ready for my night out.  Was that the case?  Yes and no.

I was not sure which side to go in to order from... when I walked in, the one lady working there acknowledged me but didn't return to take my order for a good ten minutes.  Just as I was getting ready to leave, she apologized, but I was getting antsy and annoyed.  I placed my order and told her I'd wait for it... A greek salad and a vegetarian appetizer plate.

Neither the salad or the app plate was the best I've had.  They were both fine.  I liked the combo of tabbouleh, hummus, baba ghanoush, grape leaves, and falafel... and luckily Jared helped me to eat it all as it was a lot of food.  It was more than $20 once I added a bottle of water though.  More expensive than I would've guessed.

Will I rush back?  Probably not?  Will I return?  Possibly... not a bad option for Middle Eastern cuisine - and perhaps it's better if you eat in on a night when they have belly dancers or something?!  I'll update if and when I experience that.
I love the gyro's pita and i like the service,, so i will be back to try some other things in the menu...
good place!!
Touristy location on the NE corner of Scottsdale & 1st.  They have expanded their seating with the outdoor area and taking over the adjacent place which I thought was an old coffee house called Jamaica something or other.  Anyway, service was fair, food was good, and prices were a bit mixed - some items seemed priced about normal but others were a couple bucks high.  

Don't care for their no-substitution policy since they do their entrees and sandwiches a little different than most other falafel places.
I can't think of any place I'd recommend more in Old Town.  I've only had the falafel, but it's wonderful enough to recommend the entire restaurant.  The staff is friendly, and service is pretty quick.  I prefer a carry out or alfresco dining, as sometimes they overdo the cleaning chemicals in the inside seating area.   The area is a vast wasteland of tourist trap shops and crap food, so lets just say this place is an oasis of sorts.
Good food? Oh yes!

Amazing? Falls a bit short.

I ordered the vegetarian platter, so I could try a little of everything, which is usually my M.O. at new Med restaurants.  $10 seemed a little high, but it's Scottsdale, so I guess that's pretty normal.

It took quite a while to even get my glass of water, and longer for the food to come. There isn't really any indoor seating, but the patio is nice (if not a bit chilly at night. I assume it's a bit roasting in the summer).

The food itself? Good.  It didn't taste bad, or make me want to leave, but it wasn't mouth watering good.  So-so.

Will I be back? Probably. I do like Med food, and there aren't a ton of options near me. It's also cheaper than most places in Scottsdale.  Will I be craving it though? Not really.
I've picked up a gyro from here before and couldn't really remember if I had liked it, so I stopped to grab something quick on my way back to work. I've read some reviews that say their falafel is good, which I can't speak to. I can say that the gyro, the side greek salad that came with it and the baklawa were overpriced and disgusting. The shredded iceberg that topped the gyro and comprised most of the salad was browing and reminded me of what subway would have thrown out .The baklawa was soggy. This might explain why they were completely empty and able to serve me quickly right around noon on a week day. I'd say the Schlotsky's two doors down would be a better and cheaper options. If I really want a gyro, I'll go the mall food court and get a cheaper gyro that actually tastes good from Pita Jungle.
A good friend of mine and I went out for a bit on Saturday, and decided to stop by after hearing the music coming from Pita House! Im so happy we stopped in, because I was craving Tzatsiki!

The food was good, and cheap! The pita tasted really fresh :) Aside from that they had a belly dancer performing and the hookah bar was really busy. A group of people also came through and were doing some kind of traditional dance that was really cool to see.

Great vibe, energy and food. Ill definately be back.
If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
I got some take-out from here the other night in spite of the objections of my roommate.  Dude, am I glad I didn't listen to that idiot.  (She's never even eaten here before, but thought it looked dodgey from the outside).  I got the chicken gyro pita with an extra side of tzatsiki.  The staff was pleasant and super quick. I've spent more time waiting at the McDonald's drive-thru; I was probably in and out of there in 5-7 minutes.  The food was tasty - pita appeared fresh out of the oven (I don't know if it actually was), chicken was juicy & flavorful, and veggies were fresh.  Their pitas/sandwiches come with a side salad that constists of pretty much just shredded lettuce and dressing, but I won't knock it since I ate all of it.   I wish their portions were a little bigger for what I paid, but all in all, a good experience.  I'll probably be back next time I'm craving Mediterranean food in a hurry, because it definitinely hit the spot.
OMG!  Can someone show these people how to make stuffed grape leaves?  If I wanted the leaves with a couple pieces of rice in them I'd make them myself.
Small, small appetizers for $8 each.  Not worth the money cause you can get a better deal somewhere else.
Oh, it's Scottsdale you say?  Well, whoop-tie doo, but I still don't get off getting ripped off with small portions with normal prices.
And we sat outside on a very chilly day.  I mean, this place is truly hole in the wall charging Ocean Club prices.  Get real, folks.
The hummus was good, the sandwiches--sans much chicken--was okay, the tabbouleh tasted good for the little bit we got.
Yeah, another Scottsdale place that charges high prices while giving you little in return.
If this is your thing, then go for it.  It just isn't mine.
- 2 mintues walking distance from work.

- Crack mixed into their salad dressing. 

- Chicken Shawarma Pita, the chicken was tender and juicy. 

Will I return to Pita House for Lunch?  
Did the little piggy go "Weee" all the way home? 

The End.  :)
I've been here a few times for lunch and I've never been disappointed. I got a great Gyro and a drink for $6 in Oldtown. $6 in Oldtown for lunch with a quality meal, it's almost unheard of.
I couldn't have put it better myself, Daniel B.  Every time I go here, I get the classic gyro and a drink for under $6 and it never gets old!  This has to be one of your next choices for lunch on the go in Old Town Scottsdale.
Really terrific food, great variety, and friendly service!  Had Hummus apps, falafel pita sandwich, and some yummy rice on side..... highly recommend!
I have been a couple of times in the evening and always had a great time. Hands down some of the best falafel I have ever had! The hummus and baba ganoush was a little disappointing but they certainly made up for it with good hookah and fabulous belly dancing. The service is a little slow, but always friendly. I will definitely be returning to Pita House.
This place needs a new name... how about AWESOME HOUSE?? The Pita House delivers so much more than just food. 

While visiting Scottsdale, we wanted to pay homage to our ancestry and smoke some hookah. After dinner at RA sushi, we ended up walking over for what we thought would be an hour smoke sesh before heading to the W to party. We were there for 5 hours! The vibe was awesome... yes, they serve food, but the hookah patio is where its at. They've got lights for ambiance, misters out of necessity, and music blaring and a belly dancer for entertainment. 

We ended up going back the next night to try the food and continue to smoke our lungs into oblivion. Yeah, you read that right... 2 nights in a row. Did I mention we were only in Scottsdale for 2 nights? And we specifically stayed at the W with intentions of partying our asses off. 

What we ordered: 
Both nights: Chocolate + Mint Hookah... HANDS DOWN the best flavor hookah I've ever smoked!! Tasted like Mint Chocolate chip ice cream. Hells yes. 

Mixed Fruit: Good flavor... very smooth, but a hint of menthol at the end. 

Blueberry + Mixed Melon: Yes! God yes! Tasted like bubble gum. 

Vegetarian Appetizer plate: Babaganouj was outstanding. The bread was warm and fresh. 

Falafel sandwich: YUM! The falafel was light and not fried to Sh*t. Mmm, it was good. This was heaven in a pita. 

The people made this place! We pretty much made BFF's with the staff and owner. They took SUCH good care of us. We had fresh coals every 5 minutes - that's attentive! 

I thought Scottsdale was alright. Worth a repeat visit? Probably not. Then I found this place. I'll be back just for the Pita house!
Super good! And kinda hidden around bigger named places so I would assume it gets missed by alot of people.
their house dressing that they put on their salad is SO DELISH! I wish they sold it in bottles!
I sat at the bar, on a weekday afternoon, on another one of my solo lunch adventures. I got a cocktail and it was made perfectly- a little strong, which is totally they way I like it.
Horrible service!!!
I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him. 
Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA. 
Poor management...
So we wandered into Pita House on a Sunday afternoon. It's small and unassuming. It plays techno Middle Eastern music, shows Egyptian pride commercials on their one TV and the walls are painted to look like they're cracked stone and like you're in someone's pyramid basement. 

AND IT IS DELICIOUS.

The falafel. THE FALAFEL. Perfectly crispy on the outside and deliciously falafely on the inside. Three tasty falafel patties stuffed into a tasty warm pita with veggies and tahini sauce. As someone else noted, their very simple salad (uhh, lettuce and a tomato slice) is topped with a dressing made of the tears of fairies and hopes and dreams.

The tahini was added slightly on the heavy side for my liking, kind of drowning my whole falafel pita, but that's my own fault. I generally ask for it on the side and it just skipped my mind this time. No big deal. We were the only ones in there for a while but 5 or 6 other tables came in while we were finishing lunch. There was only one girl running both the dining room and the to-go shack (who looked about 15 years old) but she was taking care of everything pretty easily.  Pita House is a perfect cheap lunch decision and...I might need to get down there this afternoon.
The food is bomb. Atomic style. 

Ok, it's not spicy at all, but it is freaking delicious.

I had one hell of a goose chase trying to find some chinese food on this weeknight. It's past 9PM on a Monday, and I can't find anything decent. It's Scottsdale, so my only choices are: Panda Express in Mesa, Jimmy Woo's (no thanks, eww), or go hungry. I settled, and drove to KFC thinking that if I was going to settle for something other than Chinese, I could get a double down, and try and go all suicidal. 

Then KFC let me down by forcing me to wait 10 minutes because all their filets were frozen. Eff that noise. I drove around aimlessly and somehow stumbled upon Pita House. It was like a sight for sore eyes.

I've lived in Scottsdale for just over a year. I've been out and about in the area quite a bit, but for some reason I've never actually been to the Pita House. Probably because it does look a little weird. 

I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, because this place was awesome.

Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma with an extra chicken skewer. It came with a side salad. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very thick garlic sauce (very similar to the one at Zankou Chicken in LA, see my review). Amazing. So garlicky, citrusy, and perfect.

The chicken was moist and juicy. The kind that makes you want to put your mouth all up in it. Mmm hmm. Yeah. It's very nice.

My meal was about 10 bucks. I devoured everything set in front of me. 

If you are into Hookah, they have hookah specials from 4-9, and also, some sort of lunch special for Gyros.

If I wasn't moving away, I'd be here more often.

Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will eat here, and grab some Falafel. Seems like people like it.

Lastly, the staff seems very nice. The guy who helped me (I think he was the owner) was super cool and friendly.
Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
We were wondering around looking for a bar and heard the music pumping out from this joint.  Went in and got a table in some make shift patio area.

The atmosphere and service was nice - everyone seemed to be having fun and chilling. Music they were pumping out, which was mostly middle eastern, was rather catchy and fun.

The actual set up was a bit poor - tables/chairs were plastic patio furniture and it actually backed onto their kebab house!  Which made it appear shabby.

However, on the whole I quite enjoyed the experience and having a drink and checking out something different.

I would def recommend for a quick drink and shesha.  Didn't eat there so not sure of the quality.
2 stars go to food. Great food! Girl at front, not so great. No greeting as I came in. She kept her sunglasses on. I proceeded over with caution as I began to consider that she actually could be dead...that is until she reached over to her bag of pistachios and proceeded to crack one open and eat it in front of me. After a sigh of relief, I decided to initiate interaction to get the ball rolling. Told her it was my first time there and didn't know what to get. She responded with, "gyros great" as she continued to munch on her nuts. I decided on the chicken kabob...The restaurant itself, eh, a little uncleanly. Cute little place if they made an effort to wipe the grease from the ceiling and pay attention to people that want to give them money for food. May or may not be back...depends on if girl at front is still busy eating
I was casing this place to see if it could measure up and be included in the lunch rotation.  Instead, it became an anecdote.  Or maybe I didn't measure up, and was being encouraged not to include Pita House in my lunch rotation.  About halfway through my visit, I knew this was a one-time visit.  All the signs were piling up.  I entered the take out section and was led to the dining area.  Obviously a first timer, the waitress seemed bemused by my newness and uncompelled to offer any assistance.  Maybe she knew I wasn't returning before I did.  I felt like I was being marked for sides, drinks, and up sales rather than being welcomed.  By the time the food came, I had already decided not to return unless it was the best lunch ever and the meal was between okay and good, but closer to good.  There are so few places where rudeness is part of the charm of the place.  It is just so hard to pull off.  I had the chicken shawarma.  The chicken cubes were juicy, and the tahini sauce was good, but lacking.  On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be a shortage of restaurants in downtown Scottsdale.  Next!!
heres a tip directly from Gordon Ramsey himself....
if theres pictures of the food on the menu...RUN!!!
and thats what we should have done...beware people! the food is hands down terrible...the lettuce was wilted, the tomato's tasted like they were just about to sour if not already...my Gyro tasted like hamburger meat, my wires chicken had no taste at all...under seasoned and over cooked...
the Humus had way too much garlic, and tasted watered down...and there were sliced pickles in it!!!
expensive as well...$30 for a Gyro and a chicken kabob with a side of humus....
if you see this place, stay away...the hooka draws you in and the catchy name...but the food just docent live up to it....(bring a sick bag)
Grabbed lunch to go from the Pita House the other day and it was delicious! I had the Beef Kabob Pita to go and loved it. The pita comes with a salad which has a terrific vinigarette dressing. The food was great and the service was quick and friendly although I will say the price seemed somewhat high for what I would get back in NYC for 6 bucks. I would go back but couldn't be a regular at over 9 dollars for lunch to go.
My husband and I LOVE THIS PLACE!  We always have such a great time!  They have amazing hummus, gyros and tabbouleh, but our favorite thing about the Pita House is dancing to the beats created by Gilbert, the most amazing DJ we've ever heard!  We are truly amazed by his talent and passion for music.  We love to dance and he always plays one of our favorite songs for us.  Hookah is really fun too!  They also have a nice patio.  We consider ourselves regulars now and we appreciate the wonderful service we've always received. We will return next Friday, and the next Friday, and the next Friday... :)
I was intrigued by the great reviews of Pita House. A good middle eastern restaurant is difficult to find. 

Unfortunately, Pita House falls short. Falafel was not very good. Tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile. The pita bread was not fresh at all, way too chewy.  The service was actually really good.. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, because the place looked authentic and the reviews seemed favorable.

I was very disappointed.

By the way, my standard for falafel is Mamoun's Falafel in Manhattan, NY with 1000+ reviews. That's how falafel is done...
Been to a lot of hookah places around the valley. Pita House takes the cake on service, friendliness, and their hookah tastes better and last longer than any other place I've been to. I don't really like middle eastern food so I've never ordered if here. But I'm sure it's great!
This is one of those places where I feel like food is an afterthought. An afterthought to what, you ask? Well, I'm not exactly sure. All I know was that nothing was both edible and impressive. 

The hummus was lemony and tahini-y, but seemed mediocre, mostly because the pitas that came with it were stale and cold. They were out of rice and gave us salad instead (as if that's somehow comparable.) Plus, none of it was cheap, and since I should be paying in shekels for this stuff, I was a bit confused as to what warranted its price. Maybe because it's in Old Town Scottsdale and dumb tourists will throw their money at everything made of faux-adobe? Regardless, the rest of us don't appreciate poor value.

On to the better aspects... it's open really, really late. That means you can get a round of hookah at 11 and chill until 1:30 in the morning while waiters constantly bring you new coals and shisha refills. The shisha is decent, too. They have all the flavors your dentist used to offer you in fluoride when you were 7, and then some. We had the cherry, which didn't even taste faintly of medicine, so I was content as far as that goes.

Overall, it's a nice late-night hangout spot. The hookah's good. The outside seating is warm. The food is nether good, nor warm, but that's not why you're there, remember? You're there to enjoy being in a nice setting at one in the morning, as am I.
Had lunch here on a recent visit to Scottsdale. 

I've had a decent amount of falafel in my time and this was good. Instead of big balls of it, there were smaller pieces which meant more crispy bits. Ok by me! It lent a nice texture to the hummus/tahini/pita. The pita was nice and soft and chewy contrary to other reviews I glanced over. The side salad left a bit to be desired- just iceberg lettuce with a light dressing. If you get tap water, they bring you a HUGE cup of it. Like, Big Gulp-style.

We took advantage of the nice weather (with a breeze!) and stayed and ate outside. Not particularly impressive since it's basically in a parking lot, but I had my back to it, and they seem to be doing the best they can with what they've got.
I don't need to prove my awesome writing skills in my reviews.  I don't like to waste people's time by typing, typing and typing.  

So...

Great food, a little pricey, awesome staff...  Just a little short staffed, so remember to bring some extra time with you when you dine here.

4 Stars!
Great food!  Kafta and Falafel are spot on and I have traveled in the middle east.  Food is great and the service is even better.  They have hookah too!
Every time I come to Phoenix, I eat here. $5.99 for a hummus pita with a side salad. Imad took great care of me; so engaging. This is amazing hummus and pita bread. Tucked away in Old Town in a corner shopping center, it has outdoor seating too. I always sit in one of the little tables inside the order area; didn't realize till this past visit there was actually a bigger sitting area! 

I should branch out and order something else...but I won't because I seriously enjoy their hummus pita!! 

This beats the $120 I forked over at a sushi place this visit.
I stopped here for lunch today. Good gyros - not real cheap, but the lunch classic gyro is quite fair. The service was good - I had my food fast. Seating is outdoor so be prepared. Today is spring day in 90s, so not bad in shade. Actual mid east music is nice touch.
I read some of the other reviews, and I didn't see any issues with cold food or cleanliness.
Came here on a Friday night in Summer for a quick bite.  Seating is only available outside, and chairs are very uncomfortable for extended sitting - which is ironic considering the Pita House is also a Hookah Joint.  The place has a very hip vibe, which the downtempo and house beats create through Pita's sound system.

Misters keep the patio cool, but soaked.  

Service was fast and friendly, even our host (or manager?) stopped by the table to see how we were enjoying the food.  

Food is typical Mediterranean/Middle Eastern kafta, gyros, greek salads, and baba ghanoush.  Sampled three different meat dishes including kafta kebabs, chicken skewers, and beef skewers.  All were very dry and overcooked - flavors were there, however.

Overall, I think this is a good place for late night eats - meeting the gang for some Hookah before heading out to the clubs, but certainly not for a comfortable and delectable dining experience.
Pita House has the best lunch deal in Scottsdale! I get a Falafel Pita (DELICIOUS!) a side salad (or you can opt for fries at no extra charge) + a drink, all for only $5.50!! As an added bonus, the take out girl is gorgeous ;) See you soon Pita House
For all you alliterates out there. I've experienced quite a line of lackluster lunchroom locations as of late, and I'd like to learn what little leprechaun is leaning their bad luck my way.

With that out of my system. I've got to say this place has got the market cornered on mediocre. A quick visit to their official website shows a claim of "Voted #1 Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ..." I assure you, they did NOT get my vote.

As far as the service was concerned; we were one of two tables seated about 6 - 7pm on a Wednesday, the waitress visited us 1) to take our order, 2) deliver our drinks, 3) drop off / pickup our check. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food. Our waitress didn't seem rude during the few times she did swing by, but also wasn't excited for us to be there.

We started with an order of hummus, which turned out to be neither here nor there, then ordered a Gyro Plate and Kafta (Kubideh). The gyro meat seemed pre-packaged and the kafta (grilled ground beef) seemed underspiced and bland. We did; however, order a tasty chicken skewer side, which was good. 

Nothing about this meal was really fantastic and I definitely not worth coming back. I'm guessing they do most of their business during late night after people have had too much to drink to realize they're eating a sub par meal.

Be sure to let me know where your favorite Gyro is, 'cause I'm still looking!
Indeed one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in town! The Greek salad dressing is authentic and delish. Can't wait to go back.
I went here the other day with a friend for a much needed Friday happy hour/dinner.  I had checked out the other yelp reviews, and I really wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.  

The food was really good.  The service was also good, but a little slow at first.  They give you ridiculously large glasses of water here, which should be standard everywhere you go...we do live in the desert, after all.  

The hummus was good.  I'm seriously in love with the babaghanouj, it had the best slightly charred smoky flavor.  The salad itself was unimpressive, but that garlic dressing they put on it is crazy good, and guaranteed to keep vampires and bad dates at bay.  

The hookahs smelled amazing; I'm definitely going to have to come back and try them sometime.  

They also have a little take out window, which is conveniently separate from the rest of the place.  I suspect I'll be ordering falafels from it in the near future.  I do have to dock a star for the bathroom, as it was small, and only half working.
Just bought by a new owner that has cut the portions by half but kept the prices the same. Order the small hummus and find out how small a serving of hummus can be. I would estimate that the schwarma has about 2 ounces of meat. I felt completely taken advantage of. I've never complained about portions before but I told our waitress that the portions were a total rip off. She was very nice and added some more hummus but even counting that, i think it was still very little for $6 hummus appetizer.

Ignore the good reviews, those were before the new cheapskate owner. Its obvious they are targeting tourists with high prices and low portion to get every penny out of them since they likely wont return anyway.

The new owner is obviously not just cheaping on the food, one poor girl worked the takeout section, the bar, and the restaurant. As far as I can tell she was the only one working on a Sunday at 1pm.  However, she was very nice and did the best she could. She was the only reason they got 1 star.
Another find via Groupon, we visited this place a handful of times.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, just off Scottsdale Rd, we tried a variety of menu items here:

Hummus, $5.99
Gyro Classic Plate, $12.99

Vegetarian Combo (Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, Babaghanouj, Grape Leaves, Tomatoes, Pickles, Olive Oil), $9.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3Umng#g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3Umng

Gyro Classic Pita Sandwich, $7.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxw#TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1g#tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1g

The first time we visited, I got the Gyro Classic Plate, which is basically all of the ingredients in a Gyro Sandwich, but on a plate which makes it a larger portion.  It was a bit too much for me, so on subsequent visits, I ordered the Gyro Classic Sandwich.  The Gyros are ok, not great.

My favorite menu item here is the Vegetarian Combo.  It has all of my favorites on it.....Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, yum!  However, I've had better in my life, which is why I'm only giving this joint 3 stars.

The service is so/so here.  One evening, we had awesome service....on a couple other visits, it wasn't very good.  I thank Groupon for introducing me to a new restaurant, but it isn't on my all time list.

Return Factor - 50%
The place has a nice atmosphere, inside and outside seating. One draw: no beer on tap. We tried the babaghanouj with the pita bread as an appetizer and it was good
But nothing crazy. Service is really slow so expect to wait a good 20 min for your food, but the wait is worth it. I had the combo plate that has beef and chicken kabob
And kafta with rice and it was delicious. It is also open until 2 am including the kitchen so it's perfect for a late dinner when other places are already closed. Overall great experience.
I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
I have been sampling falafel all over the west coast since the 70s ... this is one of the my two favorites.
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
This place is good, but it's nothing special. The last time I was there it took about 30+ minutes to get our food which was pretty frustrating considering we had to be back at work soon. The set up is a little strange between the back dining room, the to go spot and the side patio. I think it's a little overpriced for what you get. Chicken kabobs are good, so is the vegetarian platter.
I have been going to the Pita House since I was in high school. The food is insanely delish, they have the BEST hummus and falafel in town.
Went last week for first time.  Ordered falafel pita which has hummus. They gladly substituted tomatoes for pickles it was huge and great.  Get the hot sauce.  That was dinner time   Today stopped for lunch had hummus pita   It was average  not much  hummus.  Inside is a dive.  Outside is fine, but not in the summer   Only like three tables inside   A couple walked in looked around and split.  So I give them 4 stars for last time, would have gone 3 today. But if you don't eat meat there are great options.  Get the falafel with hummus and you might be happy. But I can't guarantee anything.  Very polite staff
Pretty empty at lunchtime on a Tuesday, but that just means quicker takeout for me. Tried the falafel sandwich served with the side salad and the total was under 6 bucks. The falafel was traditional with no cilantro and it was a good ball. It was rolled into the pita bread as is normal (i still yearn for the old school pita pockets) and it included hummus, tahini and an unusual dose of pickles. I really liked the sandwich, it was just good solid food, not the best falafel ever, but if you are craving this item, it is good and priced right at this location.
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.

I had a regular Gyro, which comes with a Greek Salad.  It was good, and the service was ok.  There were some negatives, though:

*  They opened 15 minutes late, & even that was with having go to ask the snarky gal working in the take-out room when they were going to open the dining room.     :-(

*  The restaurant itself has a bar & the whole room was kind of dark, boozy smelling & run down...  wobbly tables, etc.  Not my style.     :-|

We were the only customers during our lunch visit.

Classic Gyro & Side Salad:  $7.99
Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.

We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad. 

We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?    

My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.  

If I return, it wont be for a while.
DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The owner is not honorable.  The owner advertises with restaurant.com.  However, upon presentation of the voucher, he refuses to honor.  Before going to restaurant, we confirmed the vouchers validity over the phone.  A better choice is Pita Jungle or Persian Room.
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
It's kind of nuts how much take-out business this place gets, and you'd never notice it just by driving by!

It's a simple Greek menu, with plenty of options for vegetarians like myself.  I usually get a pita sandwich with a side salad instead of fries, but last night I splurged and got the Vegetarian Platter.  For $10, you get basically 2 meals worth of food - good for sharing or in my usual case, being a total fatass and eating it (nearly) all.  The pita included with the Veg platter is notably thinner than traditional pita bread, but I actually prefer it (honestly, it almost seems like grilled tortillas but I know that's not right).  This way, you can save on the carbs as you scoop up some delicious baba and hummus.  The falafel here is much crispier than I've had anywhere else...and I love it!

Service is friendly and quick. Packaging for to-go orders has always been adequate...no spills on the drive home for me!

Bonus: parking is plentiful in the adjacent lot, and you can sit on the cozy patio while you wait for your order to be prepared!
This place rocks!!! I recently moved to Scottsdale and I am blessed to have this place!! Outside area is very relaxing, u will b smoking a hookah and getting your work done on your computer thanks to their free wifi (no code needed and no time restriction) I think they have a live Dj on the weekend!! Good is greaaat!! I love gyros, chicken or beef and the shawarma and hummus!! The cool thing is that I found out that they open to almost 4am on the weekend for take out!! Love it!! Feel like I am back on the NYC!!
Midnight on a Friday night and this place was slammed. Might have been overflow from the nearby bars because it was wall-to-wall crowds at the inside register and on the patio wrapping around towards the back. My first impression formed based on the number of patrons who appeared middle eastern. The group sitting on patio to our left were speaking Greek. So, perhaps the food and the hookah reflected the same authenticity?

The food was OK. We split the regular hummus that came with assorted pita bread and veggies. It tasted average store-bought. Though it didn't knock our socks off, hummus is a wonderful (healthier) alternative to your standard late night drunken, fourth-meal, Scottsdale snack. My friend ordered a regular gyro and fries. It looked pretty good and the fries were also average tasting.

We ordered the blue mist hookah flavor and a round of Coors Light. The beers came in bottles - I think draft would be a nice touch. The hookah flavor was great and had a solid kick. I was impressed by how long it lasted between 3 people. We noticed the hookah lacked a good clearing mechanism, so the smoke turned stale towards the end. The hoses had a fancy looking mouthpiece to them that we all enjoyed.

Overall, I recommend Pita House as a hookah patio. There aren't many in the area, especially ones within decent walking distance to bars and restaurants. I've heard Oasis is good too. If you're looking for Greek or Mediterranean food, it's not top notch, but it may be one of few options nearby. It's a great fall-back and easy-to-spot location when you need it.
A decent substitute for Pita Jungle. Prices are a bit high for what you get compared to Pita Jungle. I have only ever gotten Togo food. I imagine it can sometimes be unpleasant to eat there. They allow Hooka smoking on patio. Even picking up my Togo food I have to brave the Hooka smell. Food is pretty good, just might wanna tweak a couple things.
one of the best hookah lounge in AZ , i like their shawrma as well diffidently will recommend it to my friends and family
Just glancing at the other poor reviews on here, I'm willing to bet the young lady with the lousy attitude is the very same one we were unlucky enough to have serve us tonight. I don't think I've seen someone who was worse at hiding their contempt for service in a while. After serving only half the table their food and disappearing, trpuble calculating the bill, and multiple other mistakes, it truly seemed like we were really annoying her having to inquire about her errors. Passive aggressive, forgetful, apathetic and complacent, this otherwise fantastic Pita joint, really needs to do some staff-housecleaning.
So unsatisfied the meat was so under cooked and the service was not good, my food was cold and the hummus dry.  It's never good when you leave a restaurant still hungry.  The rice was not fresh &  I was  so thirsty because my waitress forgot about me.  Overall 2 thumbs down
The Food was good, but nothing to go brag about. I didn't know what to expect when I sat down and thought that the Hooka smoke would interfere with my eating, but it didn't. I was reading reviews and I understand why there are a bunch of negative comments about service. Our waitress was nice, but she never checked on us once after she brought us our food. I had to flag her down to get the check, which I felt was doing too much.
Have gone here for years, through several owners and the food has been great almost every time. Once in a while they get really skimpy on the portions or seem to lower the quality of the ingredients (change of management? ownership?) but maybe people back off and they realize it and return to the good stuff; not sure. Food is great, prices are decent, portions are generous. Staff is hit or miss and usually hanging out with friends or regulars, making it hard to get attention sometimes, but it's part of the atmosphere. In reference to the take-out comments below, we've begun to do that more only because we can't stand the hookah smoke (sorry hookah peeps!) but that fruit smoke does not mix well with food. They'd be well served to create an outdoor area for the smokers and the non-smokers - especially since cigarette smokers join in as well. Unfortunately, the huge indoor area they have is weird and gross, which is probably why there's never anyone in there. All that said, the food here is good so it's definitely worth trying.
I walked in to order carry out and interrupted a waitress smoking her hookah.  She didn't even get up right away to help me, guess she needed a few more hits.  Service is so rude especially for this upper class area.  This place is a hole in the wall.  I had to wait for my food in the same area Miss Congeniality was sucking her hookah with her boyfriend.  The food was just ok, doesn't warrant another visit.
Great atmosphere and food but super slow service, pricey drinks, and sometimes you never receive your hookah. Idk if the new ownership knows how to run a smooth service. I miss the old staff and prompt happy service.

The good things... belly dancers are entertaining; when you do receive a hookah, it's great, the food is very good and fast once you get to order.  It's too bad they can't get the service to be a little better! Could be an amazing spot!
Walked in and ordered lunch; falafel pita and a side of rice. Would hope it would only take 10 min (since I was the only one there), but it took 20 min (minus half a star). The salad accompanying the pita was meh.. Iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato, a handful of parsley and a vinaigrette. First off, let's get some real lettuce on a salad, f*** this iceberg crap. And how about some veggies? (minus half a star).

Now the good. The falafel pita was damn good! Crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside and tons of flavor. The hummus on top completed it. All that served in a pita that was thinner and had a little bit of a crisp to it was tasty. The rice was delicious as well; simple white rice with good seasoning and cooked perfectly. 

Overall I will be going back, though I may call ahead to minimize the wait.
Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
I've loved this place for many years. Best hummus ever in my opinion. I love the pickles and olive oil on top. I also loved the chicken Schwarma until everything changed. New owners, staff and new food. The portion size of the hummus became ridiculously tiny but the price remained the same. When my co workers and I would pick up food to go, we could split the hummus. Now, they basically smear a very thin layer on the plate or to go box that is no bigger than a 1/4 inch in thickness. Am I the only one who has noticed this? Now, one hummus barely feeds one person so it's impossible to share. I'm sad and I'll miss the hummus but based on principle I won't go back there. The portion size is a joke. Plus, last time I ordered chicken with it, it was so tough my teeth couldn't cut thru it, ew
It wasn't bad, I just don't know what the hell happened. It's almost like a drunk demon holds the place hostage.

The restaurant itself is in a somewhat sketchy location. It doesn't seem unsafe but it seems a little off kilter. It's a fairly run down building with tons of bars surrounding the area. Any time after 6:30, you get a bunch of drunk people yelling/fighting at each other. The staff was kind of like if you made Jersey Shore with Persians that had to run a restaurant together.

My wife and I walked in to a the beginnings of a shouting match between the manager and a blonde waitress. We were ushered outside by a waitress who handed us our menu (and wasn't quite sure what the things on the menu were) and closed the front door to muffle the shouting a bit. Every time the door opened, a clusterf*ck of profanities spewed from inside. A few minutes later, the blonde waitress ran out of the side door crying and declaring, "I'm leaving, I swear, I'm f*cking leaving." The manager, a buff dude, stormed after her shouting the f bomb a ton. I don't think he used any nouns or articles in whatever he said. Maybe the hookah smoke was confusing him. Eventually they both came back in but the yelling continued off and on.

Our food came out 15 minutes later and it was pretty dang good! I was pretty surprised! We never saw our waitress again, but the rest of the staff was pretty nice and checked in on us. It seemed like they just had a bunch of people working there but they didn't have anything else to do. Someone brought us a check, but I don't think he worked there. It was nice of him either way. 

Probably won't go back, but we got a reasonably priced dinner and a show.
This used to be pretty good, now, not so much. The place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice. Not good. The windows were covered in handprints, the sidewalk stained with spills. The blonde waitress kept scratching her head, then went and put our stuff in a to go bag, yuck. I saw the guy preparing the food. He just reached in and grabbed some lettuce bare handed and stuck it in a to go box. That was kind of disgusting too. Real turn offs, I took the food but was too grossed out to eat it, so I just tossed it. No way I would return.
Painfully slow service.  When we arrived, there were only 2 other parties - both of whom were inside smoking.  So, we elected to go outside.  It took forever for our waitress to take our order but after she finally did, a few other parties trickled in.  We were there with our kids and intentionally sat away from anyone smoking but, within a short time, others came outside and started smoking so we were surrounded.  

We waited and waited for our food and watched while others who came in after us got their food.  At one point, the waitress apologised saying they had a huge party.  Not sure when the huge party got there but, they weren't there when we walked in.  

Finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms.  Canned mushrooms.  Gross.  The chicken and sauce were good but seriously?  Canned mushrooms?  How much effort does it take to chop a few fresh mushrooms?

I had the gyro salad - it had iceberg lettuce, a couple tomato slices and a few cucumbers.  The gyro meat was good but, really?  iceberg lettuce?  Sigh....  It did come with tzatziki sauce but, I've had better.  This tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made. 

It was ok but, if you don't want to be inhaling smoke your entire meal, good luck....it seems as there is no place you can go to get away from it.  And the food is just ok.  Probably won't be back.
This place used to be the bomb. Too bad new owners and the energy of the place went down. 

Today i went with my wife to watch the World Cup and ordered the special. When I went to pay it was $17 for only one plate which had 3 pieces of kebabs and a side of yogurt. 

This place lost it's fun. Too sad to see it go downhill.
Hookahs are the draw here. The food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah. If smoking sheesha is your thing, there aren't many old town Scottsdale options so this may be your place. My bud ordered lamb tongue and was pretty happy with it. I didn't have the balls to try it, but if you do you may be in for a pleasant adventure.
We were confronted yesterday with a very typical circumstance: on one side of the road was My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, and on the other, a small, independent Kebab shop. We rolled the dice and went with the previously unknown and unrecommended Kebab shop.

Bad move. 

First off, the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least. Next to that, the chicken dish I ordered was slow out of the kitchen and mediocre at best.

More importantly, though, was the general uncomfortable vibe we were marinating in throughout the course of our lunch. The owners/managers spoke in obnoxious tones to their staff and something about the place in general gave us the heebie jeebies. When our waitress finally returned with our check, we were already halfway out the door.
The food has improved since I have been here and the staff was pleasant. I think they are working on trying to improve its atmosphere but they still have a way to go
Some of the tastiest Persian food I've ever had and you will ever probably have in the valley.  Order the "kash-ke-badam-jon" (or something to that effect) for an appetizer and you'll be pretty close to ethnic food heaven.  Their kebab plates are divine... make sure to substitute the dill rice.  Another bonus is the homemade pita... delicious!  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of inconsistency --- been there about 10 times and probably half of those times there was spotty service or a minor food-related issue.  If they're on the night you go you're in for a real treat!
The Persian Room is a big surprise the first time you go...I was expecting a hole in the wall - I am not sure why, but I was - instead, it is a very nice restaurant that is worthy of a business meal or a big date.

The food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive. The portions are also quite generous. When my wife and I go, we either share one entree or we bring home some food.

Be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent. The chicken kabobs are tender and juciy...but my favorite is the lamb.
Group of friends threw me a birthday party here.  I had a pretty satifying experience. The food was the typical Persian food that you find in the US. Not authentic but close enough. I can't compare it to the Persian food that I've eaten in Tehran but it was pretty good. I tried the skewered lamb though I'm not sure what it was named on the menu - probably the Soltani something I think. The staff was friendly, we all had fun and I'd probably come here again.
If you haven't been here drop everything and go.  Great food at a reasonable price!  Plates big enough to share or have the next day
I guess I'm not an expert on Persian food, but I really enjoy eating at the Persian Room!  The atmosphere is great, the food is excellent and the portions are incredibly huge.  

I don't remember the names of the dishes, but the Koobideh is one of my favorites - it's ground beef with onions and herbs mixed in.  Very, very tasty and not too expensive.

If I have any complaints it's the unevenness of the wait staff.  Some of the waiters/waitresses are fantastic, but a number of them are kind of surly and unpleasant.  However, we've always received our food in a timely manner and haven't ever had any serious issues.

There's rarely a wait which is a huge plus on Friday or Saturday night in North Scottsdale.
Their Koobideh Kebab is world class!!! I have eaten Middle Eastern food all over North America ... food + atmoshere ... this place is tops!!!

Hint #1: if you're with a group ... order some platters and ask for it to be served "family style" ... than, watch your guests eyes light up when they see the enormous sized plates that arrive at your table.

Hint #2: I tipped the pita maker once to make me a heart shaped pita for my wife .... she was floored!!!
The Chicken and Gyro meet are great
If you haven't tried Persian food YOU MUST COME HERE. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, and I always take out-of-town guests here (and they always love it). 

No offense to Brian, but I don't really think it's fair to compare Persian Room to Indian food  (although I agree Tandoori Times is great for Indian cuisine). Persian food has very different flavors and its even very different from food in Arab countries. I love their stews, some of which have dried black lemons in them, which give a great, earthy, sour flavor. 

Try the rice with the barberries -- it's really good. Although, if you go with a group, make sure to get their appetizer platter. They hummus and eggplant mixture is AMAZING, as is their fresh bread which they serve with butter and fresh mint.

If you're adventurous, try the chicken fessenjaan, which is made with a pomegranate walnut sauce -- it's a very unique flavor.

As a side note, Persian Room catered my wedding this past fall. It was such a bargain, compared with other caterers, and the food was absolutely delicious, from the beef to the chicken to the veggie stew and salad. Everyone loved it.
Our 1st time dining here last night. The decor has a nice feel to it. The staff were warm and welcoming, and there was no wait (even on a Friday night).

The portions here are truly humongous. Two people could easily split an entree and still be stuffed. Started with the Hummus which was perfection, then managed to order about 20 pounds of chicken, beef, rice, and salad. Everything was well prepared and tasty. Our waitress had a great sense of humor too. Pricing is fair and would be a real bargain if you split a plate.

We will be sure to re-visit The Persian Room soon.

(I had driven by here about 100 times and I am proud to say I finally made it!)
After hearing all the hype about the Persian Room, I decided to check it out with a friend of mine. Or rather, he suggested checking it out, and I graciously abided, seeing that I never pass up any opportunities for new culinary endeavors.

I was definitely pleased with the ambience of the Persian Room. Unfortunately, I didn't dress as appropriately as I would have liked, but contrary to popular belief, I didn't feel as out of place as I initially assumed I would. 

The drinks were wonderful, the appetizer (eggplant hummous) was wonderful, and the actual main entree lived up to standards. I had the chicken filet kebab, and it made me tingle from the top of my head to my toes. I loved it. I am, by no means, an expert on Persian food. I am sure that there are cities, such as Los Angeles, that have numerous Persian restaurants that provide wonderful food. However, I think this place is wonderful. The service was quick, and our waitress was so friendly and warm. I loved my experience, and I definitely will check out the Persian Room again...and again...and again. I'm sure I will frequent it so often, they will want me to leave.
The Persian Room serves a standard middle eastern food menu, in a nice, upscale setting.   That being said, I have had better food at fast food joints (Pita-whatever) in Chicago.  The best thing about this place is probably the decor.  It makes for a nice place to take someone you are trying to impress.   However, the food is not spectacular.  I had the beef kabob plate, which I found to be a little overcooked (too long, over too low heat).  My friend's chicken kabob was well prepared, but nothing spectacular.   The portions were generous, and we could have easily gotten by with just one entree.  The hummus w/ eggplant was very good as an appetizer.

Overall, a nice setting for a restaurant and decent food, however you can probably find better middle-eastern food at 1/2 the price.
The Persian Room is quite opulent.  The food seems a little out of place in these surroundings.  We went with a party of 8 and had very nice and attentive service.  The food, while not the best I have had (I've probably been spoiled having lived in DC for so long) was decent.   I had leftovers that I wouldn't mind eating the next day.
Last night I met an old friend of mine for dinner at the Persian Room in Scottsdale on her recommendation.  Aside from the horrible traffic on Scottsdale Road, the restaurant is easy to find and seems to have plenty of parking.
The restaurant itself is nice but very westernized from the etched-glass entry doors to the Vegas-interpreted Persian decor.  I was actually hoping for something with a little more authentic feel to it, but hey, I was in Scottsdale.  It was not busy at all and we were seated immediately.  Our waiter was at the table within seconds to take drink orders and recommend some appetizers.  Shortly afterward we had our drinks and a basket of flat bread served with butter, onion and fresh basil.
We started off with their appetizer platter which included dolmeh, homous and eggplant, yogurt and cucumber dip and torshi.  Typical Mediterranean fair except for the torshi, which is like a vegetable relish in wine vinegar and actually very tasty.
The menu is not extensive, but there are some classics here that they do well and everything is served in huge portions.  We made our order and the food was served shortly afterward.  I ordered the Lamb Shank which was ok...I've had better.  It was not as tender as I had expected but it tasted good and the dill and lima bean rice served with it was also a nice complement.  My friend had ordered the Zereshk Polo with Chicken which is seasoned roast chicken served with the traditional Basmati rice with barberries and saffron.  I got to try a bite and was impressed with the mix of flavors and the tenderness of the chicken.
We followed everything up with their Persian Ice Cream dessert.  I enjoyed this immensely.  The texture was smooth, creamy and slightly elastic.  It was seasoned with crushed pistachios and saffron which provided a wonderful compliment to the vanilla base.
All in all, it was a good experience but not so much that I feel I have to make it a regular dinner destination.
Since I'm often with a "Persian", I have been here quite a few times. Just went again the other day. I enjoy the restaurant but since I'm not a meat eater, it's kinda hard to find alot to eat other than the appetizers. I love Love LOVE the yogurt cucumber drip and their soft warm bread. That's pretty much why I like the place. They do have some vegetarian stews but I'm not a huge fan of those. What I really like is the fesejuan (sp?) walnut pomegranate stew. It has chicken pieces in it but they will take it out for u, if u wanna pay. Last time they took it out and didn't make me pay... But now I guess with the crappy economy they now make u pay! Double the price of the entre. Crazy. It does come with enough rice to feed u for days.
The "persian" I come here with loves the chicken kabob. He never eats chicken so I guess that says something... Hmmm... Persian chicken is better??
the service here was great... expesaly when the table caught on fire...they where quite helpfull...

everything was great... there was that cucumber thingy... and the ice cream thingy... and the portions where huge... and good wine selection... 

grrr why I need a course in Persise cause I can't remember the name of anything I had... but I remember the fire...
I have been here several times, and I'm from Southern California.  The only time we're in the area is for work.  I travel with about 5 Iranian coworkers (I'm Iranian as well) and this is one of the best Persian restaurants we've ever been to.  Who knew we'd have to go all the way to Scottsdale for amazing Persian food? 

The atmosphere is very elegant and the service is very friendly, even for a large group.
Not sure why it took me so long to try Persian Room...
I've been hearing about it and driving by it since my move to AZ almost four years ago.  And I like Persian food.  But for whatever reason, I didn't pop my Persian Room cherry until just the other night!

My aunt was actually the one who chose to eat at Persian Room.  It was a Saturday night, and our party consisted of six - four ladies, me, and my brother.  We had some drinks and appetizers at home before we went, so we decided to order family style and share.  Wise decision...

Luciano was our server and provided us with excellent service along with the rest of the staff.  We ordered a (#10) Persian Appetizer platter to start, and it was perfect for sharing... it had hummus, eggplant dip, grape leaves, and a yogurt cucumber dip too.  We used the warm fresh bread to scoop it all up along with the fresh onions and Persian spices that were on the table too.  This could've been a meal in itself, it was all so tasty!

Next, we shared a #20 - Chicken Kebab plate, a #36 - Vegetarian Stew (which had okra and eggplant and tons of other veggies that I like), and a #28 - Sultani mixed meat platter.  We requested 1/2 rice and 1/2 greek salads with the platters.

This was just enough food for our group, although everything was delicious that had we ordered more, we would've kept eating for sure... instead, Luciano brought us out a couple of desserts (baklava and Persian ice cream) to share.  Mmmmmm - both were pretty fantastic!

Total bill for all of the above + three glasses of wine was just over $100... not so bad.  I enjoyed my meal and I'm sure I will not wait another few years to return.  As a matter of fact, I'd be game to return in the next few weeks.  Great place for a family style meal + quick and attentive service.  See you again soon, Luciano!
My friends and I recently started a toor of restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Our first experience was at the Persian Room and it was a great one. I will be back with out question.

Everything we ate was healthy, filling and delicious.  The eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good.  We did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream.  It was a perfect top to a very good meal!

We were very happy with our choice, and would recomend it to anyone.
Love this place! 
Someone comes in from out of town - I take them to the Persian Room. 
It's your birthday? Let's go to the Persian Room
Graduation - Holiday party - bad day... you get the idea.

People think you have to dress up, but I've seen it all from fancy dresses to laid back shorts (I'm in the shorts!)

I suggest the chicken filet kabob, hummus with the pita bread - just my opinion.
I went to this restaurant for my B-day last week for starters I ordered the humus it is was very good...maybe the best that I have tasted....I ordered the beef kabob it was really good but I liked the chicken a lot better. They give you large helpings of food. This place is really good...I agree with another review this is good for special occasions. I am new to Persian food and was a little confused with the pita...basil...onion and butter platter and our server did not do a very good job explaining. Loved the bread I will go back to this restaurant.
I love food and people who know me can confirm that. But what I like is really great food when it comes to Persian dishes. I have been to Persian Room about a 20 times in past 10 years. I used to go to it when it was a hole in the wall with a different name (forgot the old name). I now compare all the Persian restaurants to this one. Their food is even better than most Persian restaurants in Iran. As I recall the owner was very picky about his dish and would not allow you to order your food rare or well done. He cooked it the way it was intended to be cooked. They have great decor (and building), wonderful service and awesome food. I have tried most everything on their menu and I don't know of anything that I didn't love. Every Persian restaurant should be measured against Persian Room. 

I moved to Seattle several years ago, but every time I go to Scottsdale, I make sure to visit Persian Room. My sweet sweet Persian Room. I wish you were closer. Hey (Persian Room owner dude), why don't you come to Seattle and open a restaurant. Your only competition will be Caspian Grill, but you can get way ahead of them if you have a nice decor and bring all your great foods and keep the prices the same as in Scottsdale. Open a place in Newcastle, WA. Pleeeeease (with sugar all over it). 

Well, that should explain how much I like Persian Room
This place is nice! It's beautiful inside - it would be a nice place to take a date / significant other (they can also accommodate large groups). They have this grand staircase that leads up to a bar - a hazard for someone like me but I'm not imagining I'm the norm. 

The food is delicious. You start with bread at the table with fresh basil, onion and butter. I ordered the dolmehs as an addition to the bread and I was a little disappointed in them but they were definitely edible. They have many kebab options on the menu for every meat or non-meat taste. I decided to try the Chicken Shish which was served with rice and a grilled tomato. The food was delicious and abundant. But why stop at dinner? We had to try the Persian ice cream. I can't stress how delicious this ice cream was - it had pistachios in it. The pineapple mojito wasn't bad either, so good.

I would definitely recommend this place. Especially, if you're looking for a good place to have dinner and/or are staying at one of the nearby hotels.
Love, Love, LOVE the zereshk pollo! I'm not very knowledgeable about Persian dishes, but the saffron rice with barberries (zereshk) is an incredible combination of flavors. 

The portions are much larger than they appear in the pictures on the menu... the plates are enormous. Be prepared for leftovers.
I finally went back to the Persian Room after moving back here from Australia. My family used to make me jealous talking about the Persian Room when I was on the other side of the world. I had my usual this time around. I loveeeee Ghormeh Sabzi with Tah Dig. Yummmy. I order the Beef Barg as my entree. It a super tender fillet. It was almost as good as I remembered. My only complaint is that we sat upstairs when no one else was there so the service or lack thereof was not good. I love Persian food so I must try Pars next!
Ordered the lunch Barg, let me tell you, this should not be lunch, more like lunch and diner.  The portion was plenty big and could have been easily shared with another.  I was very happy with it.  The flavor and taste is what I expected from center cuts of filet Mignon, skewered, marinated and broiled.  I went with a group of 6 and we opted to get the Persian Room Appetizer, again, a mistake on my part, the appetizer was perfect for 6, not totally unnecessary with the portions that we had.  The service was as expected from an up-scale type restaurant and would be great for taking the high-end clients to for celebrating a big success.
I'm not sure why most Middle Eastern people are skinny but this place serves a mountain full of good quality, flavor full heaps of heavenly meal. I personally like the Barg tandem with shrimp and scallops. and yes I can eat all of it. BTW I'm barely pushing 150 LB. something about their basmati rice i cant quite put together, for some odd reason i can eat twice as much of these than a normal average rice. Anybody has an idea?
Been visiting the restaurant for the last few years everytime we go to the area. The food has improved the last couple of times we been there.
At one point we decide not to go there any more because the food was not the best for the price and the enviroment that they were trying to present.
They have improved the quality of their food and we will be going there next time we are in the area.
I enjoy good Persian food. This place is good.  Cherry Rice misses the mark, but everything else is tasty. Very affordable too.
Place wasn't as 'stuffy' as I feared (I envisioned red velvet and gold tones everywhere, for some reason!), and the dining area was pleasant. Service was good without being over-bearing (the waiters seem professional, not high-school kids bugging you every 2 minutes asking you if everything is ok).  I had the lamb; it was tender, but somehow lacking in flavor.  Next time I'll try the cornish game hen, that sounds fantastic.  Funnily enough, I found the rice 'overpowering' - too much 'stuff' in it; I like my rice to be a bland counterpoint to the other strong flavors, but in this case the rice had more flavor(s) than the lamb!  

The location is a bit strange, but I'm getting used to that in Scottsdale - fine dining in the shadow of a hotel parking lot ... I'll review again after I try the chicken, and hopefully bump up the rating!
I thought this place was awesome for a date night... SO the guy takes me here to 'switch it up', as he put it:-) I loved the decor... the atmosphere.. the arabic music.. A very good wine list... Loved the Chicken Shish.. and my date had the Lamb Shanks.. the pita is very yummy too:) Everything was great.. attentive service!
Very expensive and just ok.
This place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere.

The food is phenomenal. Starting with the pitas, hummus, main course, and Turkish coffee, everything was top-notch and far exceeding anything I've had from this genre of food. I'm not a lamb person but the chicken and beef were terrific.

A group of us went for lunch on a weekday and the lunch menu portions were large. I could easily have shared with someone. The service was slow -- it looked like they had two waiters covering the whole place. If you're in a hurry at lunch this might not be an ideal place. But, if you have time to loosen your belt and enjoy the atmosphere, check it out.
If you can get past the golden curtain rods, wall to wall marble and abundant chandeliers....hey no one said Persians were ever known for their decorating(!)...the food is delicious!  Very authentic - I want my koobideh with a raw onion and basil - and this is how it is served.  The food is what it is about and the food here delivers.  The bagoli pollo is by far my favorite and is closely comprable to my grandmothers - but of course, Aziz's is always the best. :)  Seriously go - and if you have never had Persian food - you will not be disappointed.
The food at Persian Room is top-notch, and the naan is to die for, but the service is a bit odd. It may have just been our server, who hovered over the table and touched me a bit too much.

My family of eight individually ordered six different kabob dishes, and the server took it upon himself to present the meals in a "family style" setting. All the kabobs were on one plate, and the rice came in two platters.

It's hard to track if you're getting the right amount of kabobs, and someone who ordered sultani may be getting screwed out of his ratio of barg to koobideh, or maybe a chicken eater doesn't want the juice of red meat on her chicken barg. You get the idea.

If you want to serve it family style, please ask first.

Also, we luckily checked our receipt and noticed we were incorrectly charged for an extra tea and an extra glass of merlot. Upon being informed of the mistake, the server quickly removed it from our bill.

Expect to pay about $30 a person for appetizers and entrees.
Great food, great atmosphere and one of the classiest Persian restaurants you will see. Being from California where there are a lot of Persian restaurants the food prices are a little high compared to Cali. But its a great place to dine at for any occasion.
I was in Scottsdale with friends and family....starvinngggg.

We hadn't seen eachother for a long time so we decided to enjoy a fancy dinner.

The service here is amazing. Friendly, helpful, very attentive.

Minus two stars because I've definitely had better Persian food. But the experience itself is worth going. It's the classiest Persian restaurant I have been to.
I am a big fan of ethnic foods! This place had great good, It was easy to be seated without a wait. For a first time try one of the platters that offer a little taste of the different dishes. My favorite was the beef stew style dish, I am unsure what their name for it was but the meat  was very tender with lots of flavor! YUM!
Yum, yum in my tum!
Very cool to find authentic and yummy Iranian food in Arizona. My family noshed on it enjoyably.
Rich black tea, chewy homemade pita served with fresh basil, onions and butter. The butter was kind of odd--a concession to Americans?-- Usually you find feta.

Anyway the zhresck pulo (rice with saffron and sour barberries) was tangy and sweet, tasty witht the chicken kubideh kabob (zesty herby ground chicken kabob). We also had the beef kubideh,and classic chicken and beef kabobs, served with buttery basmati rice.

Also good was the Kashk Bademjan appetizer, a savory dip made with roasted eggplant, garlic, mint and yogurt whey, (really it's creamy and good) tasty with the pita.

Better than Reza in Chicago, equal to other persian food I've had, but great to find authentic ethnic food in glitzy Scottsdale.

There was a group of women near us, and they let their young kids play and wander around  near their table as they chit-chatted--a slight nuisance, but nothing too detracting. Service was slowish but attentive, but the place was packed. Enjoyable nonetheless.
I have been to Persian Room several times and every time I leave happy and full and even better with leftovers.  I had the Chicken Sultani with the loobia polo rice upgrade.  I usually do the Beef Sultani but just changed it up.  It was very good and with the lunch entree it is the same size and a few dollars cheaper.  For Persian food in Phoenix this is the best place I have been to.
Being Persian, I will already state I am bias. But the Persian room really does stand by itself when it comes to Persian food in the Valley of the sun. Some of the best Kabob and dishes you will find this side of Tehran. I highly recommend this place if you are into Persian Cusine. The cast and crew are awesome: and the owner Nassar makes you feel at home!
The food was very good, the waitress was great, and we enjoyed the environment.  We ordered a couple of lamb dishes, a steak kebabs, and a chicken dish.   Everything was very good.....and we loved the Persian ice cream.  All portions are very large...big enough to bring home leftovers for at least a 2nd meal.
Excellent waitress, tasty food! The Eggplant Hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful. The only complaint would be how long the hostess took to seat us. She answered phones for a good ten minutes before even saying hello! She stopped to help a few men first so me and my friend were confused. It wasn't busy so once she sat us our waitress was awesome. The food was delicious and the Naan as well. I'll definitely go again!
Oh my goodness... the food here is SOOOO good! If you like lots and lots of meat, this is the place for you. We had the persian room special(serves 2) and it came with a chicken filet (A+), Borg (filet mignon) (A-/B+) and koobideh (B). It also came with a giant plate of delicious basmati rice. There was so much food that we our leftovers provided us with about 4 more meals, which we were really excited about.  The service is great, the waitor we had made great recommendations. They also have some very tasty fruity (but decievingly strong) drinks. We also had the persian ice cream for dessert and it was great!

The only reason I held back one star is because it's really expensive.  That being said, you get TONS of food, mostly meat and not a lot of cheap filler items.  Also, The atmosphere is a bit weird... its gaudy but kind of funny and for some reason it works.  

We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which is what brought us there, and that made the price very reasonable. Grab one of those certificates and give it a try! We had a lot of fun eating here!
Always consistently good with terrific service.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order.
High end and authentic is all I can think of in regards to the Persian Room.

The ambiance is just spectacular for a weeknight dinner with friends, or even for couples.

All the appetizers are definitely worth trying, and the staff seems like is always wating to refill your drinks and the delicious pita bread to no end!

The entrees are amazing. The lunch portions are huge with rice and salad, and the dinner portions even bigger! I've eaten at a lot of places, but I can never seem to finish my entree! Ah well, that just means I can enjoy more at home =)

The price is a bit higher, but it's to be expected if you want to dine on food with class.
Great persian food.  Bread is homemade in fron of you.  Portions are huge, my wife and I always share.  We have been here at least 12 times and food and service are always outstanding.  Food is always great.  We usually have the combo dish (filet and kofta) with rice.  This is plenty for 2 people.  Also, their chicken is amazing.  Never dry and always well marinated.  The lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town.
I would have to say my first encounter with Persian cuisine was a success and satisfying, but this great feast would have not been possible without a few handful of other foodie friends.  We met up to help kick-off a special occasion.

For starters, we had this interesting blend of hummus and sauteed eggplant accompanied by these soft flour tortilla-like bread used for dipping.  

For the entree, I ordered this basic meat dish called the Naderi Sultani which consist of chicken tenders on skewers, marinated filet mignon, and Koobideh (ground beef that had been prepared like a sausage link without the clear casing).  All of that came with a generous pile of non-sticky, very long grain rice that I personally have never seen before.  Due to it's soft and light texture, forking into it was effortless.  The flavor was slightly enhanced by this buttery, oily drizzle.  This particular dish is easily 2 persons serving!

While I managed to finish half of my dish, I had to sample some of my friends' entrees, the specially, seasoned baked chicken and stewed lamb shank.  Both were really tender and flavorful and had that pulled from the bone goodness.  A key note to take in is that most, if not all, of the dishes come with some kind of rice, preparation may vary from dish to dish.

Dessert was not an option after all of that meat and rice!  If I ever make my way back, I would definitely order less.  A good suggestion is to order 1 plate less the number of people in your party.  Depending on the dish, the proportion can be a bit overwhelming, some is 2, 1.5, or 1 person serving.

Our server was attentive to our needs and kindly clarified on our questionable dishes.  When entering the main lobby area, you are immediately confronted by a long, beautiful stairway that leads to the top of the restaurant, which is their "private" section where we sat.  The decor is elegant Arabic with some Ancient artwork near the top of the ceiling where it's best viewed in the private area.  One could even describe it as a place where Aladdin and Princess Jasmine would dine at.

Overall, if you like steak and potatoes, your going to like Arabic meat and rice.  While it does have its unique and distinct flavors, "normal" taste buds will not have too much of a fuss here.
The Persian Room is excellent in all aspects.  

The food is incredibly delicious, flavorful, and authentic.  The atmosphere is a little upscale, but you'll be just fine in a collared shirt and slacks.  As someone else mentioned, they make the pita bread in-house and it is absolute perfection.  This is one of the few places I happily spend more than $10 per person!

Im a cheapskate, and I LOVE the Persian Room.

I would recommend this for a first date, an anniversary, or just a nice dinner.
If you want to go to a place that serves you more delicious food than you can possibly eat, try the Persian Room. It's the best I've ever had!
Debbie H
Good vegetarian food. The pitas were fresh made and the vegetarian kabab was good. Decent service.
This is an excellent restaurant if you want fancy persian food. I guess I should have known from the location, but this place is very posh. I'm not usually a fan of restaurants like this, but I was pleasantly surprised.

Now, let me start off by saying that I wasn't very ecstatic about visiting this place simply due to the fact that I knew it'd be pricey. My good friend ended up paying for the dinner, so I was definitely a little bit less critical. If you have a special occasion, and need persian food, then this is the place to go. The atmosphere is great and very high-end. The food is great, but the pricing...we'll get to that later.

Service is excellent as you would expect for such a great atmosphere. Like I said, this is a very high-end persian restaurant. The staff is friendly, and the waiters are very attentive. I really don't remember one bad thing about the staff at all. 5-star experience here.

Food is excellent as well. My two friends and I shared a kabob platter that came with chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. They were all very perfectly cooked and extremely tender and juicy. We got burberry rice to go along with it, and while at first it was delicious, I think it just came with too much rice. They make their own naan, or whatever Persians call their bread. To me, this is worthy enough for a visit. There are very few places in Phoenix that make their own naan, especially Arab/Greek/Med places.

Dessert? Yeah, again, I was skeptical about the pistachio ice cream, but my friend ended up ordering it anyways (he's a regular at this place). Again, WOW. The ice cream was served in chilled cups, and it was just amazing. You could tell it was homemade ice cream, and the pistachio flavoring was just sublime. If you come here for a special occasion, and you have a significant other, you will score well if you order the ice cream. The texture of the ice cream was just perfect.

So why did I give this place a 4-star? I feel that if my friend paid $80 for food for the three of us that he should have taken a significant portion home. He took the leftover rice, and maybe 3 bites of kabobs. The pricing would be great if you got a little bit more food. Of course, you can argue quality over quantity, but I doubt they'd be losing money if they threw just a little bit more meat into their $45 meat sampler/platter. If you want to try something new for your significant other, or a special party or something then come here. Don't be upset though if your wallet is hurting afterwards.

I'm really torn about this place, and I want to give this place a 5-star (the food totally deserves it), but I just don't think I can ever go back, unless Obama gives me a stimulus package for my hunger.
Excellent food, love the Onion and hot bread with butter they bring out, i usually dip it in hummus...usually i order the Barg Which is really tender filet Mignon- this plate alone can feed 2 people..nice decor and great service.
Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
Browsing Scottsdale road for a place to eat, we considered Maggiano's, Sapporo's and even going back down to The Lodge - but we passed this place and dove in to take a look at their menu.

It turned out to be quite a delightful dinner - we had been craving Mediterranean food for a few hours and this satisfied both the vegetarian and the meat eater in me.  We had the appetizer sampler (this is a lot of food - and a wonderful way to sample a few different treats) and she had a side of sauteed veggies while i indulged in the filet mignon kabob.

The service was fantastic, the food was some of best we've had and I can recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something different or if you know what you like in Med food...
Finally someone in Scottsdale that knows how to make Hummus the right way. When you live in Dearborn MI where all the Arabic people live - you get spoiled. I know good Hummus and this is it! During happy hour its free!!
Not a huge fan of Persian food but this place has sort of changed my attitude and taste towards Persian cuisine.  
I usually substitute the white rice with some kind of berry rice which is absolutely amazing with the Kabobs... the portions are just overly huge... I have never been able to finish one dish in one sitting.  
I took my family for dinner while visiting, and I give it 5 stars because my mother thinks is the best Persian restaurant in AZ, so for once I did listen to her!!!
I love Persian food, and am surprised to say that i have found the best Persian food in Arizona ( considering I come fro SF where we have AMAZING food). Try their ice cream and their Sharazi rice. Delicious!
Good service and very good food.  We had a combination plate, a stew, and an app and it fed four adults perfectly.  The rice could use more flavor.
Very good Persian food.  The food alone gives the place 4 stars.

A couple of items that could take this place to 5 stars:

- The routing.  The kitchen is right next to the front desk, where we saw anywhere from 4 to 12 people waiting to be seated.  Lots of bumping, jostling, and getting out of the way of servers with huge plates of food.  It might take longer, but I think management should train the servers to take an immediate left and only go through the dining area.

- The furniture is a little worn.

- The carpet needs some regular and frequent sweeping.  We saw more than a little food on the ground.

- Attentiveness.  I'm not sure if it was the restaurant.com coupon or the fact that we weren't drinking, but I'd like someone to come around more often than every 30 minutes.

The food was truly terrific though.  We'll definitely be back.
This place looked pretty nice from the inside and they weren't kidding when they said that the Tour of Persia would be able to serve 3.  For 2, it was a bit overwhelming, but I think we dented it pretty well.  The Basmati rice was very complimentary to the meat dishes.

We switched the barg for the fish, but otherwise the cornish, beef koobideh and gheymeh bademjan was okay.  I could have done without the gheymeh bademjan.  It was my first time having it and it was only okay.  The koobideh was a little greasy, but the cornish had a great lemon tang to it.
The food was really good I had lamp shank with rise i tried the kebab & was really too
Paradise on a platter!

Decor is well thought out, semi-residential.  But quaint.  

Service was terrific.  Our waitress found out that we were first timers and was happy to explain the entrees.  All items are adaptable to your taste/desire.  Mix-match as you wish.
A water glass never went empty and you didn't have a chance to consider if you were in need of something because she was already on it or asking.

Portions are Gi-normous!!!  Picky eaters or dietary considerations?  No worries.  There are plenty of vegetarian options, gluten-free options.  

Yes.  I am gluttonous.  I had appetizers, entree, and of course dessert.
Greek salad, pitas with yogurt and cucumber dip, veg kebob with ados polo, baklava, and persian ice cream.  I would do it all again....everyday if I could
Wow ... just, wow! I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Persian Room. The service, the food, the wine selection, the ambiance, everything was pretty much perfect.

And it's a good thing too, because my first visit was to take my mom out for her birthday. She loves Middle Eastern food and is gluten intolerant, so the meat and/or veggie kabobs and rice-focused menu was perfect for her (and my vegetarian sister who was also with us). It is really hard to find a restaurant that appeals to people with varying dietary needs/choices and this one suited us perfectly.

I had first heard about the restaurant when it was briefly profiled on PBS. The food sounded fantastic and the space looked gorgeous! More on the traditional-fancy side, it offers a grand staircase in the middle of the room that goes up to the bar area. The first floor has a few booths and several tables (which were almost all taken at 6p on a Sunday, with large families and older couples). 

Our stellar service started when we were asked if we wanted a table or a booth. So simple, but a great gesture to ensure your clients are most comfortable. Our server was excellent about offering suggestions and explaining items when I told her I was pretty unfamiliar with the food on their menu. She offered the info that their (enormous) entrees are very flexible - if one comes with two chicken kabobs, you can ask for one chicken and one koobideh, and you can halve your side of rice (it's huge) and fill that in with a Greek salad. Fantastic, though it meant we took another 10 minutes putting together our order. 

I ended up with the koobideh kabob (ground beef mixed with garlic and onion and spices) and the polo rice, it was great. Mom got the filet kabob (replacing 1 of the 2 with a chicken kabob) and traded out the regular basmati rice with a specialty rice that included raisins and dates. Sister went veggie kabob and a side of the same specialty rice. None of us had a single complaint. Pita bread was fresh and delicious, cucumber/yogurt dip was tart and refreshing.

We had given our mom her bday card at the table, and when the server came by to clear our plates, she asked if it was a bday celebration and offered their Persian ice cream (vanilla ice cream with rose water, pistachios and honey). Seriously, was she great or what? We said of course and baklava for sister and I to share also. The ice cream came out with a candle and syrup "Happy Birthday" and our baklava came out sliced in half for us. I know, it's small stuff but it all added up and just impressed us again and again. (You better try that Persian ice cream if you go, it is incredible).

One last awesome move on the server's part - when she saw us dividing up the leftover pita in out to-go boxes, she offered more of their "good bread" (that they don't start serving until later in the evening) that was fresh out of the oven. She brought us out a stack of it wrapped and ready to go.

I repeat: Wow.

p.s. I have to admit I immediately get on the offense when I go to a restaurant that doesn't have an entre below $13 on the menu. I get very "who do they think they are?" Then I'm like a hawk for all they ways they fall short of their price-prohibitive ways. And this place blew me away, worth every penny by way of portion sizes, service, quality and atmosphere.  To give you an idea (I always like knowing costs of stuff before I commit - champagne taste, champagne of beers budget, you see), we ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer dip, a small Greek salad, three entrees and one dessert, and the total was just over $100.

p.p.s. I don't call myself Lauren "Longest Reviews Ever" V. for nuthin'
we took a weekend off, we live in tucson, got a nice hotel in phoenix and tried a couple of new to us restaurants.

this place is both eye-awesome and taste-amazing.
we watched them make the bread, walked around looking at the walls and listened to conversations in a half dozen languages...wow.

obviously a place for Iranians to eat.
genuine tastes, lots of food, mint on the table, a bit overwhelming.
waitress answered our questions with a hint of a smile, we tasted everything carefully, sniffed the air and loved everything.
thanks.
My wife and I have been coming here regularly  since we moved to Scottsdale 10 years ago. It was one of the first things we fell in love with when we moved here. The service and decor are first class. We just love the feel of a high end Persian restaurant. 

Of course the most important thing is the food and it lives up to the requirement and beyond. We always have left overs and they call to me from my refrigerator all night.

This is hands down my favorite restaurant in town
Went for a business lunch: ordered the Beef Kabab for lunch and it came with rice, peppers, and onions. For $16 I expected a little more meat and less rice but it was ok.

One of my other co-workers ordered the lamb shanks which were also good, but don't expect to get a lot of meat.

The complementary pita bread and yogurt/mint dressing was good and the service was great, the waiter was very friendly. He even gave a free slice of baklava for my other co-worker's birthday.

Overall, I would recommend going here if you want something different.
I had the lamb shanks.  They were good but nothing special.  Huge portions and the rice is excellent.  I'd go back but not anytime soon.  Not an entree on the entire menu with any heat.  That loses a star.
We've been dining here periodically since 2002.  We ate here again on 7/16/11 and enjoyed it as usual.

From experience, we know that the portions are large, so we opted for two meals and an appetizer this time.  Tried the Kash O'bademjan for an appetizer for the first time.  It is a mixture of roasted eggplant and whey, flavored with sauteed garlic, onions & mint.  It is served hot with plenty of hot pita bread.  It is very flavorful and we loved the roasted garlic garnishing it and would love to have had more of it!!
We shared the Chicken Filet Sultani which has a skewer of tender marinated  chicken breast and a skewer of koobideh.   Both very flavorful, tender and moist.  We also ordered the Gyros beef which was excellent.  The homemade gyros sauce was outstanding; very creamy and an excellent compliment to the spicy gyros beef. Of course, a huge platter of delectable long grain basmati rice accompanied the meats.  Their rice is truly lovely; definitely some butter swimming lovingly through it along with saffron.  Excellent rice!

Another nice meal at the Persian Room.  And we had enough to take home for a second (but lighter) go round today!  Yum!

I don't think it earned a 5 stars this time as the men's restroom (according to my spouse) needed some serious attention and the timing of the food delivery was slightly off.  We received our main meat dish before they had delivered our dinner plates which we needed since we were dining family style.  The platter of rice was about 2 minutes later arriving than our dinner plates.
The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
Holy cow! Probably the best Persian I've had. We went here for my sister in law's birthday, not knowing what to expect. The atmosphere was great, we were seated quickly without an appointment, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. Then, the food: the chicken kabobs were outstanding, so was the Mahi, and the fesenjean ( a sweet pomegranate, walnut, and chicken stew) was the best I've had, next to my wife's. Follow that up with a nice beer or a nice cocktail you're in great shape. Now for the surprise of the evening. My sister in law was treated to a lesson in how they make their bread. Check out the picture, she struggled a little, but practice makes perfect. Overall a great birthday spot.
Loved it!  After reading the review above was skeptical, yet YELP had many positive reviews.  My wife and I celebrated our 21st Anniversary and could not have been happier with the experience.  We had the Persian Platter (sampler) for the appetizer, Chef's special (sampler - chicken/fish) and some cold Taj Mahal beer (two to be exact).   We made reservations, yet showed up 30 minutes early and was seated with no issues.  We went on a Thursday night for reference.   Service was great and waiter explained the Persian food as we were clueless and only hungry.  Two rice dishes were fabulous.  We will go back again with friends and family.  Total bill was $72.  We had allot of leftovers to take home and enjoyed the next few days.
Good hummus, I had the cornish hen which was pretty good. my husbands beef dish was unimpressive. the wait staff was wonderful. maybe we need to try an alternate dish next time.
We went to the Persian Room for lunch yesterday. The restaurant was beautiful and clean, the service was great, the lunch portions were huge and best of call the food was excellent. All four of us had different entree and all were excellent. 

I'm grateful I don't live near the place as I guarantee I would eat there every week. This is a must return restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable as well.
Went to the Persian room on 10/27/11. Place was recommended by friends who had live  in Iran for a few years  so I decided to try it. I had the number 30 (Barg) and it was delicious, tender, with just the right amount of spices included. It included rice, a grilled tomato, and pita bread. I also had an Amber light in chilled glass. Overall the dinner was excellent, great atmosphere, delicious aromatic  smells as you enter the restaurant. My friends were right about this place.
My husband and I love this restaurant. The food and service are great. We have been there several times and never been disappointed. Make sure you try their bread. It's sooo good because they make it fresh. I absolutely love this restaurant. I can't wait for my next visit!!
This is REALLY good Persian food.  The plates for two are amazing.  The beef kubbideh, chicken, and pounded filet mignon is to die for.  The rice options are all very good.  The hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic.  If you like Persian food this is the best place I've been out here.
I recently have team members in town from out of state.  I used to eat here all the time, so suggested it for the team dinner location.  I used to make the drive from Chandler to have dinner here, and was always impressed with the food.  The chicken or beef koobideh is always a favorite of mine, and another is Ghormeh sabzy but I always ask for it to be served with crispy rice.  Yum.  I honestly think that you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu!
Great environment and great food. The bread is to die for! A bit pricey but its enough for two servings usually. Try the pistachio ice cream. That alone will keep you coming back for more.
Great rice, hummus was very good and great bread. The chicken is very juicy and flavorful.
Unbelievable food! The best is the yogurt dip, dolmades, and the non-carbonated Duke with mint (yogurt drink). Plus kubideh and chicken kebab is awesoeme.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.
I've been to the Persian Room multiple times in the last ten years, ever since I moved to the area, and I have enjoyed it every time. (We came most recently on November 10, 2011.) Note: they also cater - my parents got Persian Room catered for their 25th anniversary (about 200 people) and everyone enjoyed it. 

The main attraction at the restaurant is the meat - most of the entrees consist of a large portion of meat, some vegetables, and a huge portion of delicious basmati rice. I have ordered several dishes from the chicken, lamb and beef sections, and have absolutely no complaints, so whatever you choose you will be delighted. The meat is always succulent and tender, and nicely spiced. 

Definitely try the hummus, as it is consistently delicious. 

On my thirteenth birthday (about ten years ago), the service was absolutely atrocious, but most other times I've been there, the service has been good. I've never needed a reservation, as the restaurant is always busy for dinner but not overcrowded.
Enjoyed an amazing dinner here last night. We had a group of 25 to celebrate my friend`s recent marathon run and Persian Room was the perfect place! The have upstairs and downstairs dining, we were upstairs. The only drawback is the restrooms are downstairs and very tiny, plus one stall! (Was surprised at that)

More importantly the food and service. I was told they have outstanding hummus and this turned out to be very true!! The entrees are huge, I ended up half mine home. I ordered the chicked shish with half basmati rice/half salad. Chicken was succulent and just the right amount of spices. Great place and atmosphere over all, we really had a great time here!
The chicken kebab and yogurt dip were delicious, but the service was insufferably slow.
The food is so very delicious and gets a Five Star rating, for that alone. The service is so so, but you'll be able to look past it once their fillet mignon melts in your mouth. 

I recommend the koobideh beef especially. It just seems to dissolve into amazingness in your mouth. And for dessert, try the Persian ice cream. Yum. 

A combination platter will feed four easy, though the menu says it's for two. My husband and I had so much left over that it served as a lunch and dinner the next day. 

One more tip, don't be shy to try the free appetizer. The bread is made fresh in a tandoori-like oven. Spread some butter on it, add lots of basil leaves and some onion and enjoy.
More Persian on the inside than it is on the outside from the street perspective. Magnificently delectable, with huge portions -- I recommend the #30 Barg which is Filet Mignon Kabob and the #23 Zereshk Polo with Chicken, both juicy and succulent. If two of you are feeling "light" then you could easily split one entree and perhaps a hummus appetizer. Most dishes are served with fluffy, long grain Basmati rice with Saffron, the most expensive spice in the world. And yes, it has a wonderful Persian ambiance inside, it feels like the socialite Middle Eastern scenes in "Mission: Impossible -- Ghost Protocol." In fact, if I ever get to date Paula Patton, I'm definitely bringing her to "The Persian Room."
I found this place by surprise. My Bf and I wanted a nice romantic dinner and did not want the usually Italian restaurants so we landed here. Its a nice, huge place with dim lighting and very cozy ambiance. When we walked-in it was crowded, but we were immediately seated and served with pita break and a plate of onions, butter and cilantro (we are still at mystery with the whole concept of a big onion cut down the middle). For appis we just got hummus and that was amazing. For dinner, I had the chicken shish and it was to die for. My bf, since he's a vegetarian, got vegetarian kabob and he was disappointed. However, he enjoyed the hummus and the rice and pita bread. The drink menu was pretty legit. I had a Champagne Cosmo and it was absolutely amazing. If you are a meat eater you will love this place!

The only down to this place was that the service was pretty bad. Our server disappeared for most of the night. She took our order soon, but barely came back during the whole meal to check if we needed something and I usually need something. Other than that, it was great.
Food was good. Nice setting. A bit pricey.
Every time I've been in Scottsdale I've wanted to try this place but never had the chance.  I finally got take out from here last week.  It was wonderful.  I am somewhat familiar with Persian food because my friend's mom would cook for us.  I was so happy to have tah dig (burnt crispy rice with gheimeh, a sour tomato-based stew).  We also had the Persian Room special and the lamb and chicken filet combination plate.  The chicken, the filet mignon, and the lamb koobideh were particularly good.  Even my parents, who hadn't had persian food before, enjoyed it.
Went there tonight with a friend. Very nice ambiance, it was a little warm but ok. Not too crowded for a Friday, had a reservation but probably didn't need it.  Tried the combo platter appetizer, very good. We also went for the Persian combo entree, supposed to be for 2 but probably could feed 3 to 4. Rice was excellent, meat very tender. Recommend for a date or nice evening party.  I thought the price would be more than it turned out even after wine and margarita. Too bad that after 9pm, it seemed like the place emptied real fast, we were ready to stay and enjoy talking longer. Hope to go back soon.
We decided to have dinner at the Persian Room.  When ordering, we substituted the rice that comes with the meal for a different type of rice.  The waitress had suggested that I substitute half my rice for small Greek salad. The meal came, the portions were huge and the food was good (not great).  We had to ask several times for refills on our hot tea.
 When the bill came we noticed that there was a $10 up charge for the substitutions. I mentioned this to the waitress and she said that she can see my point too (huh?) and would talk to the manager.  She came back to say that he would not take the up charges off because it was written on the menu that there's a charge. I asked to speak with him. His name is Mike.  I told him that the waitress had offered the rice/salad substitution and never said a word about the extra charges and didn't appreciate the up charges and he stated " this is a fine dining establishment and we don't like to insult our customers by telling them about $2-$3 up charges here and there.". I told him that he just insulted me that he assumed I don't know how fine dining works.  He said he would reverse the charges but "next time..." I told him there would be no next time.  He ultimately reversed the $10 in up charges. Oh and we never did get our refill on our tea....
I came here last week for dinner wanting to like this place so much, but it didn't turn out being that way.  What I will say positively about this place is the ambiance, decor and service.  I could not complain about any of those things.  
   
   My friend and I began with the pita bread which was actually quite delicious.  Then we had the dolmades.  Those were good as well.  So far the meal seemed as though it was going to be promising.  My friend ordered the lamb shanks.  Two size able shanks in a bath of bland broth.  The rice that came with it wasn't great, but it was a hell of a lot better than the rice I received.  I ordered the lamb koobideh.  Ground, skewered, broiled lamb that tasted like typical frozen breakfast sausage that you find at any supermarket.  This was served with Basmati rice that was just blah.
   
   Based on my experience here with mediocre entrees I have no desire to go back again.  I should stick with Gordon Ramsay's advice.  If a restaurant has pictures of their food on the menu, run!
I found the restaraunt very tastefully decorated.  Wonderful home made bread and dough (yogurt drink).  Kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large.  The share for two can easily feed four!  Quality was not sacrificed.
Good ethnic food in Phoenix, recommended by my local friend.

Pros:

-Great lunch specials!!!
-Koobideh was delicious, very generous portions
-Great for a quick meal if you let them know you are in a time crunch
-pitas were soft and fresh

Cons:

-Location is kind of weird 

Verdict:

Would come back here but probably only when meeting in the area.
Great persian food in the heart of Scottsdale.  It was one of the best persian restaurants I've eaten at and that includes a lot of them in L.A.  Great appetizers, kabobs, home made bread (see my photo) and it seems really popular because it was busy on a Sunday night.  My husband is Iranian and is a great cook and he loved it.  I don't really agree with Ann on the location being weird.  It is on Scottsdale Rd. not far from the new Scottsdale Quarter, shopping and other restaurants.
3.75

First visit in years!  I could've sworn I'd written a review, albeit a year or two *after* my very first visit with Mom and her ex- back when I still lived in Chandler ('04), or perhaps even before that, in Maricopa (horrors!).  I remembered that he, a carnivore at heart, had the #31 Sultani,  while Mom and I shared the # 19 Chicken shish.  We also shared a hummus app.  I vividly recall thinking Persian Room's pita bread stupefying, and I'm happy to report it still is!

It was a hard decision to make- what to have for dinner, after seeing "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" last night (go see it!!), but I decided I'd wait until I could treat Mom out for sushi and to go to PR, instead.  I tried to stop by for takeout on Valentine's Day, but my last minute decision, made after a public speaking class and a whirlwind two-hour writing session at the college library, was foiled when I encountered a packed parking lot, so I headed home instead.  It was easy to find parking tonight, and it was nice to see takeout menus waiting by the first set of glass doors (there are two), where I could comfortably read the menu before going through the second set of doors and place my order at the cashier/host desk.  The friendly female host took my order of Kashk O' Bademjan (app) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ#A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ and #33 Naderi (from the section of beef entrees) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA#GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA.  Note that "all entrees include basmati rice, pita bread, and a grilled tomato."  I asked how long the order would take to prepare ("about ten minutes") and proceeded up the stairs to the lounge to read my book as I wait.  Or so I thought...

It was my first time up at the lounge, and it's cozy enough.  There are many two-top tables up there, in case you don't want to sit in the larger rooms downstairs, and the bar is comfortable enough to dine solo, or with a friend or two.  There is a TV for those who MUST watch sports as you dine with your companion or unfortunate date... As I've said, I was only going for takeout and was only up here to take advantage of the lighting, but silly me, I asked if PR offered happy hour, and sure enough, it does!  Monday to Friday, from 5p to 8p, happy hour discounts on beer and house wine ($4 glass instead of regular $6) AND a free app (hummus, hummus and eggplant, dolmeh, or yogurt and cucumber dip).  And so, I decided why not enjoy a glass of chard with the hummus I had passed on for dinner?  The pour was actually quite good, and tasty, and it paired nicely with the delicious sauce plate of hummus and a lone olive, topped with spices.  Hot pita bread followed shortly... I was blissful!  (Well, OK, I was very happy.  Yes, I was blissful, too, but that praise rightfully belongs to my lovely therapist at SWIHA!)

The takeout took a lot longer than ten minutes, but I wasn't going to argue, not when I was already full from my app and tipsy from the wine!

I hope to return more often!

p.s.  I did get to try a few pieces of chicken and filet mignon (delicately marinated, yet flavorful, and so tender!), with saffron rice (so buttery!), and another large piece of pita bread to enjoy a bit of the eggplant app with.  The entree was delicious, yet I don't think it's worth $21.95 for take out (see photo).  I could see paying that while dining in, since I have to factor in service and atmosphere, but for takeout...?

Ghaza aali bood, merci!

p.p.s.  Struck me a bit odd that I saw a lot of Asians, instead of Persians, entering and exiting the restaurant.  A bit surreal, I thought, but it could've been the chardonnay... :)
VERY overrated !

I read several reviews on Yelp and really was excited to take my friend here for dinner. What a disppointment!  The server showed up twice--once to TAKE our order, then the second time to ask if we wanted dessert and our bill.  This is not what you call SERVICE.

We ordered the combo lamb and chicken skewer.  The chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat.  Of course we couldn't send it back and address the problem since the server failed to follow up.

I ordered a martini straight up and it took over 45 minutes to receive it. When the bill came they charged me an UP charged since I asked for the normally included cranberry as a SPLASH on the side.  When i asked the server about this charge on the bill, she said that since the cranberry was presented with ICE they had to pour more liquor...I didn't ask for ice...just a splash that I could mix in. They normally include cranberry, chambord, pineapple, and more for the same inclusive price to this martini so this was not an upcharge which was justified.

Heads up to those thinking about coming here.... You can go to several restaurants that offer excellent chicken/beef/and quality lamb skewers that are better quality and much more reasonable. It's clear that The PR doesn't focus on this.

Suggestion, Offer more reasonable portions for less $$ and offer more attentive service. There's obviously a problem when 100% of the tables are taking food to go and paying top dollar for a meal that simply isn't worth it.
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
The food was bland, the lamb was hard to chew and full of fat and the vegetables had very little flavor. We were looking forward to eating here but were totally disappointed. I do not recommend it. The best part was the rice.
Really wanted to like this place, but my experience here was not too impressive.
It started off great - the decor is nice, we were greeted and seated promptly.  Then out came a plate of basil and onion, with basket of delicious pita bread.  This kept our appetites at bay, while we awaited our waitress.  

Then it slid downhill... the waitress took awhile to get to our table and take our drink order.  By the time she arrived, I had already eaten half my pita basket, browsed my iphone for meaning of Gheimeh (it means "stew" in Persian), played with game apps while my husband left for restroom, read entire menu together and decided on meal.  Said waitress eventually arrived to get our full order, then we proceeded to wait some more.  We made conversation and entertained ourselves for 25 minutes, then I started to notice how long we were sitting.  That's when I began trying to make eye-contact with the waitress.  Unfortunately, she breezed by our table several times without stopping.   During this time, nary a glass was to be refilled.  After 35 minutes, we noticed another table with a large party (that sat down after us) was getting their food.  My husband actually suggested taking off - but I decided to wait it out.   Finally, after 45 minutes, our food arrived.

We ordered the Vegetable Gheimeh (remember kids, that means "stew") and the Lamb Loin meal.  Both entrees were just "ok".  The stew had vegetables that were cooked down to imperceptible mush and the flavor was entirely blah.   My husband's lamb entree was better, but also lacked much flavor.  Basmati rice was prepared fine, but still nothing special.   I didn't see or taste anything that would make me want to return.

Final verdict?  Save your money and visit another restaurant.  This one isn't horrible, but neither is it worth your time and money.
Great food, nice atmosphere.  You don't walk out smelling like your dinner like some other ethnic joints.  Dessert was great, and the meats were cooked to temperature.  The saffron rice is terrific.  Would recommend.
I thought no way Persian food in Phoenix could be better than in LA. But Persian Room is certainly just as good as anywhere in LA, if not better! This always satisfies my Persian food craving. Love the meats and salads, and of course, the rice. Its also great as takeout.
Well, the ambiance is beautiful and wonderful. The service was good. The food was shit, even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor. We got the chicken and lamb kabob with rice and the rice was not even done, a few pieces of the chicken were ok and the lamb was tasteless.. The Persian ice cream was delicious, it smelled like roses. But you have to keep in mind we were the last ones in there and the kitchen was about to close, so I imagine the food would have been better earlier. Overall, it was ok, but ive had better. I don't think I would come back, I tried it once, and maybe I'll try another Persian restaurant when I get the chance to compare the two.
Combination kabobs are excellent. Wonderful treatment of rice.  Definite value, with a nice atmosphere
We love this place and travel forty minutes to get there. My boyfriend is from Iran and both of us find the food to be excellent. 

The atmosphere is really romantic and relaxing. We joke that the place is like one of those cartoons where there is a little tent in the middle of the desert and once you enter it you're in a palace. Its set just off the side of the road with hardly any other businesses in its complex. You walk in the restaurant and there are beautiful window tapestries, starry ceilings, a fountain, an upstairs bar, a separate room for entertaining. 

We are almost always greeted and seated quickly. Food has always been served at a nice pace as well (and I'm reviewing off of about 20 or so visits to this place in the last three years). Servers are very friendly and always bring us extra basil and bread when we ask. 

Our menu orders traditionally go as such: we both get the house cabernet for 6.00 and its very good. If we are with other people we order the combination appetizer which has several selections, if its just the two of us we go with the hummus which is a must if you are going to make sandwiches with the bread (similar to Indian naan), raw onion, and basil they give you. We share the Persian Room Special (a combination platter for 31.00) that could easily feed four. We eat just our leftovers for 2-3 meals over the next couple days! Includes basmati rice, filet mignon, chicken filet, and koobideh (ground beef) kabob. I always substitute half the rice for zereshk polo. I agree with several other reviewers to try the persian ice cream with the pistachios, very much worth it. 

We bring restaurant.com certificates with us sometimes and get out around 40.00, even when we don't its very affordable when you think about how many meals it covers over the next few days for two people.
I have driven by the Persian Room for 9 years and never ventured in but last night I finally decided to try it out and I'm so glad that I did.  The view of the restaurant from the street does not convey the charm, warmth and decor of the inside of the restaurant.  It has great ambiance, wonderful service and amazing food.  Wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing.  Ordered the Tour of Persia meal to share and it was great.  Food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods.  I loved the Persian Room and it's truly a hidden gem in Scottsdale.
I have eaten here twice service and food have always been super... I'd go back. The portions are huge!
We were looking for a good Middle Eastern place and this fit the bill.  Hummus was awesome and kabob was really good. Lots of food, enough to share dishes and try out new things. Totally recommend!
Great tasting Persian food. The quality of food is just great.
Prepare to dine like a SULTAN!  No really, the food here is awesome.  We had drinks, dinner and desert for under $65 and it was all very tasty. Best of all we had leftovers for the next day.  The plates are what fat people love! You may have to flag down a waiter or 2, but if you don't mind that sort of thing...which I don't, you'll be fine.  Don't let the bad reviews scare you off.  The food and atmosphere is way to good to not come here because someone didn't get their cosmo on time.
Great food! brought my sister in-law and my mom lunch for mothers day and we had the appetizer sampler and the sampler platter with all the different meats and basmati. Awesome food!
My Persian sister-from-another-mother took me here for the first time, and I am mad at her.  Not because this place is bad - oh no, it's spectacular.  I'm mad at her because of the fact that I crave these kebabs fortnightly.  I think I even dream about them.  Next time I see her, I'm going to hit her with a skewer of lamb koobideh.  And then eat it.

Persian Room is literally a palace, with a fountain in the middle of the dining room and golden plates.  The servers are working at a steady clip (although it's been evident on some visits that a slim few are way out of their league in terms of keeping up with the hustle), toting out fluffy mounds of rice and simply grilled meats to tables of customers dressed to the nines and dressed down in denim.  All have a place at this feast, whether it's date night or late night kebab craving.

We typically get the Shallot Yogurt or Eggplant with Whey as a starter so that we can sop up the deliciousness with the warm bread that is baked right in the dining room.  Of the kebabs, I'm madly in love with the chicken tenderloin kebab, the mahi mahi (which I have learned that in Farsi translates to "fish fish" - yes, I love the fish fish) and the aforementioned lamb koobideh.  You can stick with the fluffy white rice that comes standard, but I always sub in the Sabzi Polo (or green rice) that is studded with every herb in the garden for a glorious accompaniment to the kebobs.

If you can make it to tea and dessert, more power to you.  These portions are killer and the platters are behemoth.  Although, I have to say that in addition to feasting on the majesty while I am there, I do look forward to the leftovers later.  It's like the Persian gift that keeps on giving.
Why bother?
5 stars!

I went last night with my Persian hubby.  We live in NYC and he grew up on Persian food.  He said The Persian Room was one of the best Persian restaurants he had ever eaten at!  He's extremely picky, so I was very surprised to hear him say that.  I thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy!
I am a big fan of middle eastern and this restaurant tops the list. I have been here 4 or 5 times and it's consistently good.   Beautiful ambiance with a big chandelier at the entrance.  there's a small area up the winding staircase with a bar and tables  that are a little more intimate, and the main floor has both booths and separate tables.  dress up or casual.  Everything is very very fresh and the service is good.  big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread.  My favorite is the fava beans with rice... yummm!  The rose water ice cream was crazy good!
Warmly greeted, quickly seated.  Service on the mark with Steven. Newbies to this food Steven explained how to eat it to best enjoy it. I would have not guessed to smash the well roasted tomato into the rice and then eat with the meat.  Got the Persian plate becasue we had read your reviews that we would have leftovers.  For a week!  Very well cooked and fresh.  Bread was replenished with hot pieces. People around us seemed to all be return diners and all ate and took home the leftovers. Value was good when you eat two meals off of one order.  Two of us over ordered food with 2 glasses of wine for 50$ and then lunch tommorrow. Fresh basil and onion served with the fresh bread.  
The only reason that last star was not given... make the platter too hot to hold and the plates too.  You can't eat all this food and it not get cool if the serving dishes are not red hot.
Thanks Yelpers for heading us this way.
I wanted this to be great. I love Persian food. And the food here is really good. And I would totally eat it again, if it was not for having to go to the actual restaurant to eat. The service was so below par that it was actually hilarious. First, we were greeted and seated quickly. Which was very nice and the hostess was very polite. So far so good. Then we were told our waiter would be right with us. So we waited....

and waited....

waited........

finally, my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order. But this boorish lady with a Russian accent said "I will will get him". First, why do you need to get him. You were folding napkins (slowly, I might add) before we called you over. You could have taken our order and then told our waiter. Or at least, said with a nicer tone. I felt like we had just signed the death warrant for our waiter. And when she arrived, she was very pleasant and apologized for the wait. We ordered our meals and drinks. My beer and my other friend's ice tea arrived quickly. But my other friend's wine just didnt arrive. The excuse we got was "we don't have a bartender tonight, the manager is finding it".  Then she left. And we never saw her again. Our appetizer arrived and our main courses. But still no wine! Finally, we got someone over here, just for them to run off to get the manager. So another guy arrives and we get the wine. By the time, he poured the glasses, he was already gone from the table. And no surprise because the wine was bad. 

Then as we chatted, with plates just sitting in front of us. And that Russian mob woman back to her napkins. 

Then the "manager" arrived with our check. And told us our waitress had to leave. See what I told you?! Totally signed her death warrant with that Russian mob lady. 

No apologies, no nothing. So while the food was good. I would just stay away, I mean the restaurant was half empty when we went and it was midweek. I can not imagine this place when it is busy.

So two stars because the food was great but just like how one F can ruin your GPA, the service just ruined it for us.
Delicious, Persian food (very similar to Mediterranean) served like a work of art, with pita-style bread made to order and served gratis to every table. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but try the Chicken Koobideh for a different and enjoyable experience (ground chicken & spice kabob).

The hummus and yogurt dips are also exceptional, and pair nicely with the hot, made-to-order bread they give you.

Elegant but unimposing atmosphere. Very friendly wait service and staff too.

I'm a regular at this place, and for very good reason.
Came here with my family.  Delicious food.  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot.  Fresh baked bread made close to our table.  Would go back again.
great food - chicken, rice, bread..
very large portions
priced just rite
decor is gaudy, but its okay good food made up for it.

YUM YUM YUM
Excellent happy hour! We got free hummus at the bar too. Great deal and a great atmosphere!
Absolutely fabulous!  My wife and I ordered a combination platter so that we could sample different menu offerings.  Included were barg (fillet mignon), chicken fillet, and koobideh (ground lamb roasted) served with basmati rice and grilled tomato.  The menu stated that it was for 2, but the platter, really a large tray, was enough for 3 or 4.  We ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course.  It came with tiny currents and finely chopped pistachio sprinkled on top--absolutely delicious as a dip for the warm pita bread and meats.  We also recommend dolmens, stuffed grape leaves, as an appetizer .
We were seated right away, waitress was friendly, food came out hot and well presented.
MENU PLATE #18 is perfect if your not into middle eastern food too much but want good quality rice chicken and kabob
I've never written a review the same day I visited a restaurant but this one I couldn't wait to write about. It was the 3 of us (My wife, son and myself). We ordered one of those large combos of Chicken and Fish. It says it serves 2 but it could serve at least 3 which is great (big portions aren't a problem with us since we like take home the left overs). The food was great as usual and the salmon was to die for. So this concludes the good part of our visit. 
I worst part was the service. It was just plain awful from the same waitress that we always get stuck with when we visit (we come here often). Usually the service isn't terrible enough to warrant a bad review. But today was just special (in a bad way). This wasn't that cheap of an item off the menu and the restaurant wasn't too busy but I kid you not, we only saw the waitress twice; when we ordered and when she brought the food. Don't even get me started on her attitude. She may have missed the number 1 requirement taught at Waiting 101 which is smile. I would say I'll let it slide if it was the first time but she's always grouchy and today, extremely unfriendly. We finished our food and we waited about 10 minutes for her to come so we can ask for the check. Nope. She was chatting with the greeter and I tried my best to squeeze the last ounces of my patience, but to no success. So we just stood up, my wife went to the car with my son and I waited in line to pay for my expensive meal. Just terrific! HOW IN THE HECK IS A SERVICE LIKE THIS IS EXPECTED TO BE TOLERATED, especially on a WEEKEND? 

Of course she saw me waiting in line and she then came with the check. I said absolutely no word to her because if I have, it would have been unpleasant.

On a check that was around $60, I tipped her $3 and I still thought that was generous. I'm not even close to being cheap when it comes to tipping but this time I had to make a statement. 

To sum up; Terrible service from the older waitress (40s). The greeter was excellent. The owner (or manager) was excellent. The food was excellent. But if you care about service, you can either order to-go, or avoid the place when that grouchy waitress is working.
The Gyro meat is incredible!  I have been here multiple times just because of the gyro meat.   i highly recommend this establishment
Fancy... better get a hot date. Too late for some of us :( hahaha
Food was great no doubt... couldn't find a fault with any of the Kebab options and bread was made fresh.
My only gripe is staff gets a little testy... patience patience.
Went to dinner here since I was staying at a near by hotel. I was seated upstairs in the bar area, at a table, which I really enjoyed from a seating view.

I had the lamb shank and it was incredible!

My rating reflects that I have only been there once, but if I am ever in the area I will definitely go back.
I went here with friends and we tried the vegetarian stew and the vegetarian kebab. The stew was too sour and the lentils slightly undercooked. I would not recommend it. However, the kebab was quite good and their zarashk polo was fantastic. Among the appetizers dolmeh were some of the best I have had, but the hummus was ordinary.
Let me start by saying I was tempted to give 1 star...

**Our server was great, he was a young man, but I don't remember his name.

We have been to Persian Room many times (me since 2006, my husband prior to that) and probably for the first couple of years I would have given them 5 stars, and then, it keeps going down hill...

We used to go more often but for the same reason our visits are more sporadic nowadays. A few times the service has been terrible, specially with big groups, some huge delays, messed up orders, some other time our food arrived before our appetizer... go figure...

This last time the unthinkable happened... I didn't like the kashk bademjan... I am not the expert in Persian food, but up until that day kashk bademjan had always been delicious, creamy and you would have never known eggplant was involved. Well. Chunks. Huge chunks. One twice the size of my thumb. And seeds... and kashk nowhere to be seen...

Also, the gorgeous rice, long skinny grains, dark yellow, flavorful, seems to be a thing of the past... the rice was OK, but it was regular blah rice, that was not shiny Persian Room rice : (

Well, not everything is lost, their Koobideh is my favorite, it is still good. We also like the homemade doogh.
However, when you put everything together, for that price, I don't think it is worth it : ( While before, the rice itself was worth the trip and the check.

As a side note, we had a coupon, and we went there on Dec 31. The coupon had a holiday restriction, and I honestly considered that the holiday was January 1st. Well, the host/shift manager brought it back to us saying it was a holiday and they didn't even have the lunch specials that day, so they rejected our coupon.

We were not very happy, but oh well... However...  As we were leaving... my husband brought it to my attention... if it is a holiday and they don't have 'lunch', how come we got the blah pitas instead of the real naan? Anyway, the pitas reminded us why we don't go to lunch to Persian Room, and the bad kashk bademjun will remind us why we don't plan to go back any time soon... : (
I am sorry if I am overdoing it with the sad faces, but it is because this was one of our favorite places.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.

This year is same as last year. Outstanding. Make a reservation!
This place is simply amazing,
We eat there at least once a week,For many years.
Definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service.
Just ate the leftovers from my visit last night...yum!  This was my second visit to the Persian Room and turns out the first wonderful experience over a year ago  was not a fluke.  The portions are very large, plenty for two to split and still feel full.  I was in a party of six and we had the pleasure of sampling each other's meals.  

We started with appetizers.  I could see myself going there just to get them.  The dolmehs (stuffed grape leaves) were delicious, the hummus was creamy and had well balanced flavors.  The yogurt & cucumber dip was refreshing (love the bits of currants!)  I especially enjoyed the hummus and eggplant delight.  And of course the fresh hand-made pita is something to cherish!

The meal was super tasty.  My husband had the lamb and loved it (I don't care for lamb.)  I had a combination meal filet and beef koobideh and it was very good.  Strangely though, the filet was cold when I got it.  Another person in our party had the same issue with their filet.  He sent it back, but I decided since I was not going to finish the meal until today I would just pack the filet and eat the koobideh.  The waitress was very nice and accommodating and got the food back to my friend quickly and at the preferred temperature.  As for my filet...it was even more scrumptious this afternoon.  Next time I'll try the chicken barg or chicken shish because someone gave me a chunk of their's and it was tender and flavorful. 

We all had the Persian ice cream and baklava for dessert.  They are both made in house and well-made.  The flavor of the ice cream is unique and memorable.  The baklava was not overly sweet and was perfectly flaky.  What a way to end an already wonderful meal.
absoultey love. everything is amazzzzzballs!
I remember casually hearing about The Persian Room a few years back and never put it on my list .. My husband where on our way to a different restaurant and I opened my Yelp App to see what else was in the area and decided to try something new. Boy am I glad we took the detour! We arrived around 7:00 PM couldn't get immediate seating, so we sat at the bar .  I love sitting at the bar because you tend to get more attention. The bartender educated us on how to order and even gave us yummy suggestions for leftovers .  We started off with the complementary wood fired house made naan , that was served with fresh cilantro , basil, onion and butter on the side to top on your bread with . It was happy hour until 8PM, so we ordered Hummus and Tzatziki (that was  1/2 off), both are really good and highly recommended.   We shared the taste of Persia for two ; the plate came on this gorgeous silver platter with enough food for four (I guess that's the Persian way of eating) , three kabobs (filet , chicken and a ground beef) a huge side of rice and a side salad of finely chopped tomato , cucumber and onion with lemon vinaigrette. The kabobs were so tender you can cut it up with a fork, the rice and salad was amazing too.  I was really impressed with the food and our whole experience , I plan to bring out of town guest for a cool experience . This is the perfect place to share family style.
My wife and I went to The Persian Room today.  This is sort of a belated Valentine's Day.  Both of had agreed to postpone the Valentine's dinner from Thursday to Saturday.  Both of us work nearly 12 hours a day at our jobs.

We went to the Persian Room 02/16/2013 to find it quite busy.  Thank goodness we had a reservation.  We would have been waiting some time otherwise.  

We ordered the following:

Torshi (kind of a pickled vegetable salad with wine vinegar)
Hommus with Eggplant delight (a dip)

Lamb and chicken combination dinner (for 2)...included koubideh


The torshi was good, but found it a bit sour. 

Hommus was very good.  

The lamb and chicken combination was very good and very heavy.  My wife and I were able to bring a lot of it home simply because we were not able to finish it.  The portion size was pretty big.  

We really enjoyed the food.  The inside of the restaurant looks like it is classy.  We have eaten at a lot of restaurants that specialize in Middle Eastern cuisine.  This is definitely one of them that ranks as the most classy.  I would definitely recommend this to others.  

Also look at the Caspian Market next door.
Excellent, lunch or dinner. Atmosphere is suitable for either - classy. Not terribly expensive. Food is delicious, and not your standard fare. Kubideh's my personal favorite, but the chicken dishes are great as well.
I'll continue to go back.
For my big 100th review I wanted to write about some place special, and this was the place! This is hands down some of the best Persian food I've had in a while (my favorite place is Hen House in Irvine, CA... but this place comes very close!)

First of all, walking in through the glass double doors you feel like you're dining with royalty as the restaurant entry has a beautiful staircase and the walls and floors are decked with red and gold Persian tapestry, curtains and rugs. Love the vibe, it can be considered a nice place to bring the family or a date. But there were definitely many families there the night we went. Service was impeccable even thought it was busy, our waitress Nicole was very sweet and attentive! Now on to the food...

My friends were visiting from California and we had spent the whole day eating around Scottsdale and I had been forewarned about the large serving sizes so we knew to order little. Still, the three of us ended up ordering a Kashk O'Bademjan, Osh E'Reshteh, and a Beef and Chicken Koobideh a la carte... Wow, I'm actually drooling right now! The Kashk for those who don't know is like a roasted eggplant spread with whey and topped with fried onions. It typically has a little bit of yogurt in it to make it creamier (and in my opinion, tastier). The kashk here didn't have much yogurt, if any so it had a more concentrated eggplant flavor. I actually think it tasted more like curried eggplant, but regardless it was delicious! The Ash was also delicious, very hearty with all the vegetables and easy on the noodles (which I prefer). It was thick enough to put on our plate and eat with pita rather than eat it as a soup. The koobideh was BOMB, I prefer the ground meat to steak because its easier to eat and absorbs a lot more flavor, but it really depends on my mood. But both the chicken and beef were flavorful and moist. We quickly ran out of pita bread so decided to order a side of rice (haha we really should just have ordered an entree) and it was a huge serving! We had to order another koobideh just so we could take it home as leftovers mmm..The meal came with a plate of basil, cilantro and raw onion as well. I love to tear up the raw basil and mix it in with my rice and top it all off with the sumac they leave on every table. Overall, I thought the food was excellent :D

Prices were perfect for the amount of food you get! For 3 people and 2 alc. drinks, Osh, Kashk Obadmejan, 3 koobideh, a side of rice and a side of Tahini bill came out to 52 bucks. And we went home with plenty of left overs!

I guess the only downside I saw was that the bathroom was tiny for such a big restaurant! They should really try to make it bigger because I had to wait in line a while; they has 2 stalls. 

Other than that I enjoyed the food and the vibe and I will most definitely be back!
I'm not really a big fan of Mediterranean/ Iranian (and im iranian, lol) food so I'm very picky about the food. My order here is always the same and they always deliver it well!

The gheimeh stew which is phenomenal! With half shirazi salad and half rice. The rice is super fluffy and delicious. I love basmati rice. The shirazi salad is perfect! Just the right amount of spices and lemon! 

However, I've heard almost everything is delicious on the menu, especially the filet mignon. 

The staff is really nice also and price is decent! The place is super gorgeous! 

Doo dooo dooo Iran! (Iranian chant)
We loved Eddie, and his very appeasing accent. He was very good and so comedic. Great service, great food, and great ambiance, and would recommend this restaurant to everyone. He made for a great evening and we loved his accent and comedic ways!
Great Persian restaurant!  Tasty rich food, great friendly service and nice decor.  What else can you ask for?  Try their combination platters...all meats have great flavors, tender and well presented.  When it says it serves 2 people, there are actually enough food for 3-4.  Don't forget to save room for desserts!  Persian (rose water) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite!!  It also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday!
I have eaten at many Mediterranean Restaurants in Arizona, aside from other states and overseas. The Persian Room is, by far, one of the best in Arizona, if not The Best. You will find a mixed crowd there and it is as casual as you want it to be. From large parties celebrating an occasion, business meetings, families, couples and friends, everyone is welcome. Now back to the food...I have had several dishes including the Chicken Filet Sultani, Barg, Sultani, Naderi, and Gyros, and all were wonderful. All seasoned well and very tender. To start off, the Tah Dig (crispy rice) topped with Gheimeh stew is delicious. You can have that alone as a meal, but most parties start with this as an appetizer, along with Shirazi Salad. Most meals are served with Basmati Rice and you can choose Shirazi Salad to accompany it. If you go after 5pm, you will have the opportunity to try their freshly baked pita bread, as well. My absolute favorite entree is the Koobideh (seasoned ground beef and minced onions). It is the best I have ever had. Just be forewarned, the portions are large. So be prepared to take half your dish home, which is just as good the next day. All in all, the service is wonderful and the food is outstanding. If you have yet to try Mediterranean food, why not start with the best...OR try someplace else and then try The Persian Room to compare. You can thank me later. ;)
Excellent in every way.
Persian is my favorite cuisine and they have the best koobideh I've tried as well as excellent fresh pita, hummus, and baba ghanouj. Prices are high because the portions are large, and they are not a place to go if you want to eat healthy or share (they charge to split). They give basil and onion with their pita which pair well with the hummus. Very good food, but a little too formal imo.
Huge portions and consistently good! Always crowded. I take my young kids there who love the food and the wait staff is so accommodating to clean up their mess even though I always offer.
You definitely won't go hungry here!! The atmosphere was nice. The people were even nicer. It can be casual but you might want to put on something a little more special to dine here, plus it makes you feel good to dress up. The food was outstanding! The value to portion ratio at dinner is insane, I suggest fasting before eating here. You will get two large meals out of it. I was so hoping to try dessert after Yelps recommendations but I will have to control myself next time to fit that in. The bread is delivered to your table shortly after coming out of the oven & is warm & delicious. There were a few large groups that had laughter oozing from the tables which made it a fun experience. We can't wait to go again!
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! If you don't like serving guests upstairs, please don't seat us up there. I eat out every day and I've never seen such lazy, careless service in my life. To start, It took 15 minutes to get greeted. When we finally did get greeted, it was by a rude server who seemed annoyed we were there. His first words to us were "are you ready?" That set the tone for the rest of the dinner. He went downstairs and came back up to check on us one time. The bartender working up there ignored us, we never even got refills on our drinks, and we had to go up to her to get our bill, even though all she was doing was just standing behind the bar doing nothing. The food was good, and they were playing Monday night raw on the tv upstairs which was the only reason they are getting one star from us. Your food is good, now please fix your service!
The perfect business or executive lunch. Speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress. Cannot recommend any scottsdale or phoenix restaurant more highly for lunch service. 

The portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality. The Persian Room is certainly a gem in the East Valley, with comparable quality to Los Angeles' best. 

Great wine and desert selections, especially the roulette. It is very light and goes great with tea to complete that perfect traditional Persian feast!
Wanted to try this place for a long time. Sat in the upstairs loft which is kind of weird, with a very long flight of stairs to get up there.  The food was great. The lamb entrees were all excellent and large portions. Service was just OK and very confused at times. I would go back but definitely sit downstairs. Maybe the service would be better there.
This place has my favorite food in the Phoenix area.  And, if you like grilled meats, hummus and rice you will love it, too.

Disclaimer: I'm not a connoisseur of the depth of traditional Persian foods - I'm just a regular girl who loves her meats, veggies and rice. 

If it's your first time I HAVE to recommend you try the Barg - beef or chicken, they are both amazing.  The meats are tender and full of flavor.  The hummus here is one of my very favorites and the dipping bread they make on-site is perfect - even whole grain recently.  As for the rice, if you like tartness (think cranberries with a twist) I recommend upgrading your rice on the dish to the Zereshk - it's amazing.  The little red spice they offer on the table (Sumac) has a very slight lemon flavor and accents both the meat and the rice wonderfully.  I also sometimes order the koobideh - think meatloaf with lots of flavor.  I've not liked that in many Persian places but here is it very good.

The only hazard I have for you is that the portions are huge, so plan to have leftovers.  Highly recommended!
Visited The Persian Room for our Special Anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted warmly and offered a very romantic table for two on the first level.

We started off with the Chicken Eggplant Barani and with the hot pita that was served made for a very satisfying appetizer.  Two Entrees we ordered were the Chicken & Koobideh Barg and the Gheimeh bademjan.  Both were very flavorful but the Barg was certainly by far much better.  We upgraded our rice to the Zereshk  as per the prior reviews and it was wonderful.

Overall we have a great time.  The next time we might just decide to order an appetizer and then share an entree since it truly is alot of food.
Best Persian food in AZ!
It was my first time having Persian food, but it won't be my last. I loved the meal!
Persian room definitely doesn't disappoint.  I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and I always leave full with a takeout box.
Great price, nice ambiance, and delicious food. The chicken kabob was very tender and juicy. The meat platter is a must!
Food was just okay. They serve dinner on serving platters which is way too much food. Waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on. Felt like he was rushing us and just wanted us to pay the bill and leave. Not sure we will go back.
Yum, yum, yum, YUM. What can I say? I love lamb. The Persian Room is the perfect place to go on a quiet date, a family get-together, whatever. All of the food is absolutely delicious. There are all different types of rices you can order with your main feature; my favorite is the one that comes with sour cherries.

The service is always great and everyone seems to be genuinely happy to be there. You should try the eggplant hummus with the fresh basil and pita they bring out. So, so good. Service and food times can take a little longer here due to demand, so I'd make sure you're planning on making an evening of it. Enjoy!
Brought some friends over here and our server Sultan was the BEST server. If you come here please ask for Sultan's service because he will treat you well.
Large portions, nice people. I recommend the streak and chicken with-rice more than the pasta. Love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs.
I love the Hummus from here! I do not like their food. I go quite often but,  to only eat the Hummus! Delicious!
Always love this place. I stopped in with my girlfriend after a long day... Amazing food like usual... Never disappointed!!! Try it out!!!
Jubi!  
Loved the food. They certainly know how to properly prepare Iranian food.

We had the most delicious:

Fenesjan (pomegranate walnut stew served with rice)

Khask Bademjan -  sp? (fried eggplant blended into a spread, served hot toped with fried onions and mint and dried whey)

Yogurt Dip with cucumbers - Forgive me I forgot how to say this in farsi.... 

They cook the rice perfectly, coming out how it should - not too moist, not to dry, lighlty scented - long grains - fluffy and zero mush consistency. Perfection.

They freshly make bread.... everything is fresh. The place is a bit old school decorated... but really feels like you are walking into an elegant persian home. I saw a sign for upstairs some sort of happy hour discount something, but only for those sitting upstairs. Worth investigating. Food is not cheap, but they do it right and it is delicious. 

Also - after dinner check out the market next door. It is open late and if you are lucky, the owner will give you a sample of a baked sesame nut sweet bread.
This place makes my short list of great ethnic restaurants. I get to Scottsdale frequently and this is my 2nd visit to the Persian Room. I will definitely be coming back. I am not an expert on food from this culture but I know what I like. So far, nothing here has disappointed. 

The service is friendly, helpful, polite and has just the right amount of guidance for people like me that are not that familiar with this type of food. We were served by Nico and she was right on with her suggestions. She represents the front of the house very well and my group felt welcome and well attended to by her. The menu is almost overwhelming because of all the choices but everything I tasted was delicious. Hummus and Stuffed Grape Leaves were a couple of favorites as was the house-made flat bread that comes straight out of their oven to the table. The Koobideh and the Chicken Barg were some mains that are recommended and a word to the wise...the portions are quite large. Surprisingly so given the reasonable prices for ethnic authenticity. 

This is not fancy, fine dining but it does get 5 stars from me because it has the total package: Great front-house staff, great food, and great execution of the entire meal. Anyone that does not enjoy themselves here either is a food coward or needs to be on anti-depressants. Looking forward already to my next visit!
I came here for dinner one night during the week. We started off with a few appetizers including the ta diq (sp?). It was so delicious; I've never had anything like it! Everyone's entrees were huge and delicious. Can't wait for my leftovers!
I couldn't help but to notice how many middle-eastern people of many different regions are eating here. When eating any type of ethnic food, even Mexican, I want to see a ton of people of that particular ethnicity eating and enjoying the food. First time there a while back and it was delicious and of course the portions are generous. The lamb is money as long as you don't want it burnt...the rice with raisins, dates and lentils was a surprise and the fresh naan...hellyeah!!!
Yum!  I have driven by this place so many times and finally met a coworker here for lunch last month.  The decor is a little dated, but still nice.  We were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent.  The prices were really reasonable, the portions were generous and the food was absolutely delicious.  The beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything I like.  I will definitely be back!
The food was delicious. But the service was poor.  Waiting time for food was longer then expected for a Tuesday night.
I had lunch here with my manager one afternoon. We were seated quickly and the service was alright. My manager introduced me to the onion/mint/butter/pita combo which I found amazing and could have eaten just that. We also ordered some hummus to share, which was very flavorful. For my meal, I had the Chicken filet sultani which is a TON of food. A lot of food but very very good. I could only eat about half and had the rest later that evening for dinner. I'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more.
Service at the Persian Room was excellent. They have a very large menu specializing in various kabobs, but there are seafood and vegetarian options as well. There dolmeh and hummus is fantastic, and the traditional flatbread with basil, butter and onion was so delicious! A great place for large parties.
for a friend's birthday celebration, we met up at the Persian Room. the decor and service here have a very high end feeling without the ridiculous prices. our server was expertly professional. when i had a question about whether or not to order a dish, he said "try it. if you don't like, i'll bring you something else." i thought that was an excellent way of treating a customer. 

i had a new dish on the menu....heavy on the rice (which was cooked just perfectly), it had peas, baby mushrooms, beans, and lentils simmered in a tomato based sauce. it was a huge dish and i could only eat about half. i enjoyed the savoriness of the tomato sauce. 

also of note, the app they bring out of basil, cilantro, onion and bread....not something i would normally consider, but it was very tasty. with a side of their ultra dreamy creamy hummus and it was deeeelicious! 

what a nice meal!
This is some of the best food in town. It's incredibly flavorful, authentic and healthy. The portions serve two, at least - between that and the high quality, it's a great deal! 

The first thing you notice is that the place looks absolutely luxurious, a lovely example of Persian finery, and the prices don't include a surcharge for that :-) 

The service is always excellent - friendly and knowledgable, and high-end like the decor.

I highly recommend the Zuresk Pollo (rice with saffron and barberries) and the mahi mahi. The humus is creamy and superb - definitely a must-try!

Every table is served fresh-baked pita-type bread with a side of basil, raw onion and butter (amazing combination if you're adventurous, and the bread is wonderful on its own if you're not feeling adventurous.

Dine in or take-out, you'll be glad you went! Enjoy!!
Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!  
The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food. 
When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready?".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of bread/butter. 
The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplant/okra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay. 
My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless. 
Not worth the price. We will never return!
Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
real excellent food, good service (could be better) and the portions are huge.
The ambiance is very formal, usually packed on weekend nights. Have a reservation, definitely. The food here is AMAZING! Try hummus, DA BOMB DOT COM. Okay, maybe I'm getting a little ahead of myself. For an entre, I usually order the Cornish hen, which comes with saffron rice and roasted tomatoes. The portions are pretty big, so if you have a child with you, I recommend that you share because the plates are huge. The waiters are kind and there's a place where you can watch a chef making the pita bread. Show your kids. Happy dining!
The decor is gorgeous and it isn't too loud inside. We ordered the hummus and this is reason enough to go there. It was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita. The Lamb kabob was delicious too, and it came out very fast! We had leftovers and we ate them all the next day.
This is my favorite restaurant in town.  The food is authentically prepared, they have generous portions and the restaurant is big and comfortable.  I go there often and always like the food.  Try the hummus and chicken kabobs !
My family always enjoyed the food but lately the service as well as the food has not been too consistent.  You used to get a bed of greens with basil but few times only was cilantro. Ordered the Bagla polo rice and got cherrie rice and white rice, ordered a plat of grilled onions but got a few pieces in a large plat.   Tonight was a disappointing dinner:-(.
"As Good As it Gets !!"  The Kabob here are as authentic Persian as it can get.  This is from two of my dining 1st generation Persia born and raised friends who are discriminate about their Kabob.  

Persian Room is owned by a Persian family and this their second restaurant in the area. Their head cook has been with them for 12 years or so now.  This means a history of consistency. 

Our meal consisted of Beef, Lamb, Chicken kabob accompanied by Eggplant curry, Vegetable dish, Steaming bread, and Jasmine rice ( plain as well as one with mixed berry seeds ) and stuffed grape leaves. We also had orders of the yoghurt drink - nothing like the sweet lassi you get an Indian restaurants.

The food was far more than the 4 in my dining party in fact we couldn't even finish half of the amount. Each bite of every kabob, is juicy, moist, and perfectly balanced in aromatics and fresh taste.  The portions are traditional large serving and meant to be shared. The perfection in flavor is indescribably amazing.  There is no beating around the bush - kabob here are perfect!!! 

The ambiance evokes Persian feel in the interior architecture and decor of large chandelier, Persian rigs depicting historical figures hanging on the walls, an aura of inviting family atmosphere on the Mai floor and a more cozy private feel upstairs by a fully stocked bar.  Our serving staff were as courteous and attentive as can be.  

This place would be a great one to host a Yelp event where the attendees could be taken on a gastronomical tour of Persian cuisine.  

My hat off to the owners of Persian Room for achieving such dining experience for those coming in through its doors
Persian room special is a great value!!! $39.99
Very busy night at this restaurant so we sat outside. Only one waitress for the whole patio and service was slow but when the huge platter of food arrived we quickly forgave the wait.
A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint?  A middle eastern restaurant without mint? They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 3/4 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 3/4 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else?  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What?  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really?  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass?  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans?.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 1/2 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back?  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered?  Where were these the first time around?  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know? No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".  
What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
My friends say it's a typical Persian restaurant with the decor, the dim lighting and running waterfall sounds. The food was excellent. I don't know much about Persian cuisine but my Persian friends were really excited about what the Persian room had to offer. They give you these flatbread type bread that's freshly baked and served with cilantro onion basil and butter. We ordered the homemade yogurt drink which you can order it flat or sparkling. I tasted both and preferred the flat. And I ordered a 34. The sultani. It had beef, chicken and like a ground meat. The flavors were amazing on the bismati rice! The chicken was just tender and juicy. The entire meal is filling and large making it hard to not take home leftovers. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone craving kabobs and to experience Persian culture.
It's above average, does not live up to my expectation having experienced outstanding Iranian grill in California. Portions are generous. Fresh baked flat bread is fantastic. Chicken koobideh is very good. Beef koobideh has been minced in a food processor and does not have a traditional texture of a koobideh, but it's very tasty. Chairs and tables are due for a refinish.
Delicious!! :) got seats within five minutes of arriving. Service was top-notch and atmosphere was great!  Portions are huge, can definitely get one order for two people.

Not an ideal place for kids but perfect for dates, family gatherings, or any special occasion :)
You just can't get better food for your money.  Filet kebab just melts in your mouth and the chicken filet kebab is to die for.  As for fesenjan, well I've died and gone to heaven.  The service is great and we always have food to take home and eat the next day.  No better food in town, literally.  I'm hungry just writing this.
Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
Place was right next door to the hotel I was staying at and was in the the mood for some middle eastern food. This place hit the spot food was good as was the service.  Definitely would go back next time I'm in Scottsdale!
They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I can say this is THE BEST PERSIAN food you can find around here. In fact, Im ready to go out on a limb and declare, its the best Persian food Ive had!  My favorites are the beef kubedeh and barg. Their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well. Dont forget to try their ice cream
Ordered #35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. 

Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.
I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. 

Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! 

Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. 
Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  

The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.

The waiter never checked on us. 

And how do you eat chunks of raw onion wuth basil and bread? Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! 

I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.

PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
went here with a friend- the food was exceptionally mediocre. I am not sure who is giving the 5 stars, since it was over priced and quality was just ok. Need to have Persian food in LA to know how good it can get.
I am probably biased when I review Persian Room. We've always gone in a large group and the service is usually incredibly slow (not sure by chance or purely because of service). The food is hit and miss.. the portions are pretty sizeable. I wouldn't call it the greatest place for vegetarians.. Those food options are not good.

My favorites: 
1. Persian room appetizer platter: Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi.
2. Chicken Barg
3. Chicken Kebab
I forgot how awesome this place is. I used to come for lunch with vendors back in the day, and made a last minute decision to book reservations for NYE. The place was absolutely packed, but we got our table about 10 minutes after our scheduled reservation which wasn't bad. My crew of people were loving the food, and we were completely stuffed. We had food to bring home and it was just as good the next day! Love this place and can't wait to go back!!
Absolutely the BEST persian restaurant in Arizona. 

I'm persian and from Los Angeles, I know good persian food. This is definitely GOOD PERSIAN FOOD.

Also, the restaurant itself is very beautiful.
Wonderful experience, a little pricey.
Sultani was amazing .. We came here Saturday night for dinner and food was amazing , but it was super busy and quite abit of wait but well worth it .
I love this place for both food and atmosphere.  It's a great place to share dishes with friends.  The servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different.
This place is amazing.... Everything we had from alcohol n apps to desert was tender, fresh, and delicious! I had the #16, we all shared the combination appetizer, and had baklava and the Persian pastry ... So good! The chicken and baklava were my two favorites but it was all really good. I will be back for sure. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food!
Yum. My dad got a gift card and took us. Lucky us. We split a bunch of stuff and had a ton of leftovers. I would recommend the beef koobideh. Cooked perfectly. They bring out pita bread and a plate with onions, butter, and basil and I'm not quite sure what to do with it.
Long over due review. I moved to AZ from LA two years ago my  girlfreind  introduced me to this place and I have been hooked ever since!! It's up there with the best Persian restaurants in LA!! And the best part... they are always  consistent with the food quality!!!
Yum yum yum !!! This place rocks, so fresh and delicious totally satisfies!! The Jumna is perfect not to thick and seasoned just right, the iced tea is nice and dark very fresh tasting.  The pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good.  I had the chicken & beef combo so Delish !!! I'll deff be back.  My waiter was very courteous
Usually great service. The only thing I will order is the chicken barg with the rice that has dates and lentils in it, but that's only because  I love that dish so much. 

The hummus is great. The only downside is the fresh pita is only made after 5 sometimes after 530, otherwise the pita is not as good. 

 Nice, calm atmosphere. Not the type of place to go if you're looking for a fun dinner. Perfect for families or small gatherings that want to enjoy a conversation over a meal.
Honestly, the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Arizona. Patron this place once every couple of months and often in large groups for get togethers.

Chicken and beef kubideh is amazing, combination platters for 2 will be enough food for 3-4. Get an appetizer platter, it's so delicious and very healthy. Two varieties of Hummus and they are both good, dolma really melts in your mouth, and the bread is so fresh. Oh, and the beef strips are AMAZING.

Waiters are always pleasant and helpful.
As Arnold says, "I'll be back." Great experience culturally and an adventure for my taste buds. Portions are ginormous. Got the chicken and Mahi combo for two. Fulfilling  for dinner and enough for leftovers. Service was good and food was piping hot off the grill. Seasoning was special and on point. Next time I need to leave room to try dessert.
I was extremely underwhelmed.

The decor fit a higher end Persian restaurant and the service was average. I am not normally a fan of basil but the basil and onion with their homemade bread was good.

We started off with the hoummos and eggplant but they messed the order up! As the entre, we ordered the Tour of Persia and a large Greek salad with a skewer of chicken. The portions were good but it all went down hill from here. The rice was undercooked to the point that it frequently got stuck in my teeth. The chicken was undercooked,  as well,  but was seasoned well. The salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that. 

Then at the very end they kept both appetizers on the bill, even though we only ate one! 

I had heard a lot of good things about this place but I won't be coming back anytime soon.
Awesome Persian food. Probably the best I've had in a long time. I'm not Persian but I'm intimately familiar with the culture, food, and speak the language.  

You know this place is a good Persian place when you can order tadhig as an appetizer. That's clue number one. 

Clue number two is the inordinate amount of Persians speaking fluently in Farsi while eating. 

Clue number three is the owner, also Persian, at the front greeting people. 

The food itself was amazing. Great rice, perfect amount of saffron, etc. 

We had the barg kabab and koobideh. Both were worth it. 

Highly recommend this place.
We love the Persian Room for special dinners, birthdays, valentines day, etc.  it does not disappoint and we have been eating here for at least 8 years.  The food is awesome both in portion size and quality.  Most recently, our chicken was so moist and flavorful that it was the star of the meal.  The freshly baked pita is always wonderful but the real accolades should be given to the special rice.  The barberry rice is splendid, the cherry rice exotic and flavorful, the dill and bean rice very light and delicious.

I am gluten free and most things on the menu can work for me.

The only reservation I have and wish I could have awarded four and one half stars was that our waitress was a little too intrusive.  We know she was striving to be friendly and do her job well, but she was just a little too chatty and we we would have preferred it if she left us to ourselves a bit more.  This is an anomaly, in our experience, however, and may be due to the fact that we were early diners and she had nowhere else to focus her energies.

The dining room is very beautiful, don't miss the ceiling and the fountain.  We have never been upstairs but that is probably very luxurious as well.  

Prices are very good and value for money on portion size.  We always take home enough for at least one additional meal.
I love taking visitors here because the decor Is beautiful and the food is delicious. It's a bit pricey so it's not something I'll eat too often, but it is well worth the visit. The yogurt and cucumber appetizer is delish as is the hummus. The bread is amazing! Try not too get too full off of it before the main meal because the food comes in big portions. Their lamb dishes are one of my faves. But I usually get one of the combo plates to share with a friend and to try a bit of everything. Would def recommend!
I have been returning to this restaurant for a littler over 10 years.  The quality is excellent and the food taste is consistent. Waiting staff is attentive and prompt enough.  The portions are large and one dish can be easily split for 2 people, or have enough for doggie-bag for another feast.

The noise level is rather loud, but then there are multitude of diners especially during meal rush hours. This is not a place for impressing someone for the first meeting. The establishment is perfect for family style dining and large group banquets. 

They actually make their own pita bread on the spot and the taste is phenomenal. My favorite is either Chicken & Fillet Sultanni, or Rack of Lamb. I do like to finish off my meal with their Turkish Coffee and it too is excellent.

Price is on the higher side, but the value couldn't be better.
We had an interesting experience at the Persian room... The wife and I took our two kids who are adventurous eaters, not picky by any means, and I would say it was a "good enough" experience.

Upon being seated, we were presented with the free appetizer of naan, basil, butter and white onion.  Not being familiar we had to ask our server what to do... He kindly shared the process and we found that to be the most delicious part of our meal. All the diners loved the naan burrito.

We moved on to the entre and we found that the simple dishes were the most delicious. Again, on the server's recommendation, I had the chicken kebabs.  The chicken was moist, the basmati rice was perfect. The wife had the appetizer platter for her entre, and she really only enjoyed the dolmeh.  Our children are full-on carnivores but they did not enjoy their ground beef kebabs (Koobideh).  Being the father, of course I took some bites and I also didn't enjoy the taste of the ground beef kebabs.

I would say to keep it simple and order what you know, and you'll be happily surprised with your experience.
Been here multiple times with friends, family, and date night with the hubby.  YUMMY.  The ambiance is definitely different, feels like you are not in Scottsdale anymore for sure.  We have always been seated downstairs, which is basically a very large room with intricate decorations.  I am obsessed with the bread that comes automatically, delicious bread with toppings (onion, basil, butter) - you just put all that on top and eat it.  SOO good.  I also love the Tahdig (crispy crusty rice with toppings) and the Yogurt and garlic dip.  Delicious and a traditional Persian delicacy.  I only gave four starts because the entrees I've ordered have been average to above average and mostly remind me of other mediterranean restaurants I've been to all throughout the United States.  I've had the Loobia Polo & Koobideh and my husband gets the Chicken Barg.  Both are pretty good, and the meat is of very good quality and taste great, just nothing super special or different.  Regardless, we've always been super satisfied and had great service so I would definitely recommend, especially for those adventurous (but not too adventurous) eaters looking to try different types of cuisine.
A feast can certainly be had at the Persian Room. It's perfect for a large groups, the portions are huge! I think this was first Persian food experience and this spot was highly recommended by a Persian buddy. I was pleasantly surprised by the the complimentary lavosh (spelling?) bread served with basil, parsley, white onion and butter. Basically pile it on the bread, roll
It up and enjoy! We also ordered the hummus with eggplant, Delish! Next we ordered Tahdeek with two toppings I can't recall. The kabob platter with lamb, chicken and koobideh was equally tasty and plenty for three people. The shirazi salad was a refreshing side too. The entire meal was beyond satisfying. Our server Jason was wonderful and he kept the tea coming all night long. Looking forward to a return visit to try the Mahi Mahi!
The kubideh platter was amazing. The meat was tender and juicy. Service was great and they were really friendly. Dish was $15 but so worth it. Would come again!
The service really was unacceptable. Persian food tastes better than this people. Please don't let this be a representation of how it is suppose to be. 
The first onion was dirty. The third time, it was rotten inside. My family will not return here again.
Crowded for lunch, and that was good to see.  Free appetizers of fresh pita bread, white sweet onion, and basil and cilantro and butter is incredible. I had Beef Gyros, and my wife ordered Koobidah, which was very tasty. Service was good, ambiance good, and I look forward to going for dinner in the very near future.
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary lunch date and fell in love with it right away! The design in this restaurant is breathtaking! We ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting! Our main courses were the chicken kabob plate and the beef kabob plate. The portions are HUGE so I suggest sharing with someone. It took awhile for the bread to come out but I understand because it was freshly getting baked. Our waiter had a very blank personality and rarely checked up on us. Overall I would come back because simply their food is amazing!
What a great choice for review #700!! The Persian Room really impressed me when I went with a group for the April ISCUYE. This place has a really cool atmosphere and a ton of exotic looking dcor. There was so much to look at. It was a just the right balance of classy and homey. I think they really put an effort into incorporating some culture without making it cheesy.

I had read plenty of the reviews before hand so I had to order the Eggplant hummus. It was every bit as good as my fellow Yelpers claimed. The eggplant was not a strong flavor so the hubby was willing to eat it. If anything I think it just gave it a nice smooth texture. Anyway, it was really, really good. I also wanted to try the cucumber salad which was exactly what is described in the menu: unpeeled cucumbers, diced tomatoes and a simple lemon and olive oil dressing. This was excellent as well... just the type of salad I would make at home. All the reviewers mentioned that the meal portions are huge and they were not kidding. But I wanted to get a salad anyway because I noticed none of the entrees are served with any vegetables. They are all just the meat with A TON of rice. So, basically what I would recommend is order the hummus or other dip as an appetizer, a salad, and one entre and then that is the perfect amount of food for two people or maybe even 3 people.

Unfortunately hubby did not want to share so he ordered #31 Sultani. This is a combination of the filet mignon kabob (Barg) and the ground beef kabob (Koobideh). The Barg was absolutely amazing. An extremely tender and flavorful cut of beef! I didn't try the Koobideh but he said it was pretty good too. I ordered the #36 Lamb Shanks and it was delicious as well. I was too full already by that point to eat much of it but I did really enjoy the meat. The shank is usually the toughest part but this was braised so perfectly that it was fall-of-the-bone tender. They gave me two bones and they were both huge! I suspect that it was actually mutton, lol! But it was seriously very tender and delicious. The rice it came with had fava beans and some other spices in it but to be honest I found that it tasted bland and pretty much the same as everyone else's rice. I think they should really serve less of it since no one at the table finished their rice.

Overall a great experience. The service was also fantastic. In spite of the fact that our waitress could not describe for us what precisely the borders of the former Persian Empire were, everyone was very knowledgeable on the menu and helped us make some great choices since everything we ate was really enjoyable.
We've been meaning to go here for a while and finally stopped in for dinner.  We had a very nice experience: great food, very good service and quite reasonable prices.  

For some reason, I had been under the impression that this was an expensive restaurant and it's not at all.  Portions are ginormous.  We shared a Tahdig and a single entree of lamb shank (which included 2 enormous lamb shanks for $20) and we took half of our food home, all for less than 50 bucks with a tip.

Highly recommended.
Worth trying
Had the lamb shish kabab.  It was fair.  Not seasoned very well and the lamb was marinated too long, poor texture. The cherry rice was good and the service excellent.
We tried the Persian tour plate for three it had fillet mignon kebab, a mixture of ground beef minced onions and seasonings a mixture of ground beef kebab and a Cornish hen kebab. We also had the Persian room appetizer platter. The hummus was wonderful, it had a Suszycki type of yogurt and wonderful stuffed grape leaves! All of the different flavors were very fresh and unique! We will definitely be going back
I don't know why I don't come here more often.  They have a pretty good deal for happy hour.  Our last visit was for our International Super Club night.  I ended up coveting the dishes around me.  My hubby had the fesenjan, and it was really good.  He called it a persian mole.  Monica had a grilled chicken dish that looked delicious.  The tahdig was so yummy with all the hummus and baba ganoush.  I think their happy hour is until 8p.m. and they offer specials upstair on their drinks and appetizers.  I guess I need to make another trip to the Persian Room very soon.
The Persian Room was the place picked for April's International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) and I have to say this place was amazing! After checking in with the hostess we were shown to our table, which was upstairs next to the bar, we were a party of 16 and we didn't take up all the room. Pretty nice sized place, plus when checking in the party before us was also another huge party of 13, so the Persian Room for sure can handle larger dinner parties, if looking for a place to take a group.

Service is impeccable, Sultan and our servers took care of our table, every need was met, every drink refilled, you can tell they take pride in service here.

1st brought out to the table was small plates with half an white onion sliced, fresh mint, basil , butter on it  and bread (pita) and I can honestly tell you, it was amazing, everything blended well together, and since I wasn't kissing anyone that night bring on the onions I say haha. 

Everything on the menu looks heavenly but for this trip I went with the Chicken Shish, thick chunks of marinated chicken breast grilled with bell peppers, onions and tomatoes and basmati rice.   The chicken was grilled perfectly, it was tender, juicy and full of flavor added with the peppers & onions and grilled tomatoes, this was outstanding, I ate it all! It was soo good!  But fair warning, portions are huge.   

I truly enjoyed the company of everyone, the food and the service,  I have to say personally this was one of my favorite ISCUYE's to date, and will be coming back often to try everything on the menu.
Persian room is excellent!  I love going here!  Their saffron rice is excellent.  I have had variations of the lamb, chicken and beef--all very tasty!  I have never had a bad meal at Persian Room.  The atmosphere is elegant.
Thankfully, the Persian Room has met my expectations successfully, and proved to be a good representative for a Persian/Iranian Restaurant in the west. I recommend this restaurant for many reasons, one of them; they are sticking with the same kind of food in I.R. Iran and you would enjoy the seasons on it without any kind of spices and the service there are very friendly and they would be more than welcome if you asked them about their culture. However, the restaurant is a little bit pricey so you better go to it when you are hungry to exploit every penny you throw there.
Ah-mazing!!!! First time eating Iranian food and definitely won't be the last :) The bread with herbs was amazing. We got a platter with chicken, filet and ground beef...the portions were HUGE. Definitely more for three people. Drinks were mediocre but strong. Will definitely be back again soon!
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
April 2014 International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) met here for dinner.  This was the anniversary of Monica O and I organizing the Yelp PHX International Supper Club and I'm so happy that we come here.  


AFter a couple  of minutes, we were greeted at the front door and seated at an upstairs table - conveniently located next to the bar.  Kudos to the Persian Room for being THE restaurant with the BEST and most ATTENTIVE service in the 13 months that our group has been meeting.  We usually have from about 15- 30 people to attend.  IN this case, we were some place in the middle.  A large group that was waited on by 3 very attentive people.  I liked this - A LOT.  3 people helped to make things go more smoothly and efficiently. I can't say enough about how happy I was with the quality of their service.  In addition to our large party, there was another large birthday party in the downstairs dining room that was being seated at the time that we were being seated.  This is an awesome place for a large party.

Their happy hour lasts until about 7 or 7:30(Insanely late), so I am pretty sure that most of us ordered more than expected because all of their appetizers are half price during the happy hour.  I ordered a very delicious Chicken eggplant borani as my appetizer and shared it with the table.  Several others ordered appetizers and shared too.  My favorite was the Yogurt and Garlic Dip.  YIKES.  That stuff was great.  Becca H ordered that and she was sitting right beside me.  I felt like a little kid sneaking someone's food.  I just kept dipping in her Yogurt/Garlic Dip.  (LOL - TWSS).

I ordered a small side salad for my main course since the Chicken Eggplant Borani was enough to feed an army.  The side salad was just fine.  

This also happened to be 2nd least expensive #ISCUYE!  I was happy with that.

My return factor for this place is 90%.
One of our favorite restaurants. Used to always order the #16 but since I don't eat chicken anymore I order the Mahi Mahi. Delicious! I'm not a big rice fan but I love their basmati/Jasmine goodness. Heck, my favorite thing about the place is probably the warm, freshly baked bread, butter, basil and onion combo. Perfect. On the pricey side but there's always leftovers! Warning: your fridge will smell funky but the food tastes just as good if not better the next day.
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside. 
i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
An amazing restaurant, great atmosphere, great service, and great food. It's a faviourt when taking clients out for lunch.
Love the Persian Room. Excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room.  The fresh basil, butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious. Great service!
Best Kabobs on Planet Phoenix!  Great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around!
Food was great, but HORRIBLE service!
Walked in the door, I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Hostess was on the phone. Didn't even say "hi" or "be with you in a minute" I just stood there until 1 of the waiters finally sat me down.  I'm not gonna get into details. Just work on your service.
Service was great and server was informative. The bread is amazing. 

Portions are huge and the filet and chicken dish with the basmati rice was fantastic. 

We had a party of four and everyone loved their dish. 

Very surprising interior based on the exterior. 

I can't wait to go back.
This place BLEW MY SOCKS OFF!  Better than I anticipated.
Food was excellent, the service was great and the value is certainly there.  Solid place and our server Jamie (server #458) was great!
VEGETARIAN DISH is tasty.

We only get the Persian Room Appetizer Platter (Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi) WITHOUT the yogurt.

It is very tasty and a nice meal for two.
Holy Moly this place is good... My only advice is to order a dish to split and maybe and appetizer. The portions are huge. Service is wonderful. Seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable.
Chicken shish kebab, eggplant borani, hummus, zeresh polo, lamb shanks, Persian ice cream. This place has good food and generous servings.
Best place to eat in AZ
The best Persian food in Arizona. Only a home cooked meal by an Iranian might beat it. You can never go wrong with the beef or lamb kabob and the service is always spot on. If you are new to persian food, don't be shy when it comes to questions. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and eager to offer menu suggestions.
When I think of delicious and filling comfort food, Persian Room is one of the first places that comes to mind. I have eaten here many times over the years and the experience has never been anything but exceptional. It's not cheap but not overall expensive and the portions served are enough for multiple meals.

I have had many different dishes but. A few of my favorites are:

1. The hummus and eggplant appetizer served withy their fresh made delicious flag bread.

2. Beef koobideh. My wife loves the chicken but I prefer the beef. It's a long piece of seasoned ground beef. Sounds boring but is absolutely amazing. I actually like it more then the filet skewer. Totally savory and mouth watering.

3. The chicken barg. Simple dish but they manage to make chicken breast juicy, flavorful, and perfect. I don't often order chicken at restaurants but I crave this stuff.

The nice part about this place is you can order combos of pretty much anything. Again, the portions are huge so we always end up having leftovers. 

Makes my mouth water just thinking about it...
Great food! Large portions and awesome service! Out waiter was the best. He filled up my water cup before it was empty. My first time but won't be my last.
Great Persian food. Be prepared to be totally satisfied!
Very good Israeli restaurant right down the street from ASU.  It is a casual family-run place where you will find the usual suspects of Middle Eastern fare.  Excellent, cheap, and very large chicken shawarma sandwiches.  The combo plate is also noteworthy.  Really good falafel and I love their hummus.  The lentil soup is also stellar.  This is a no-brainer for lunch if you are in Tempe.  The service is fast and friendly.
We've been going to Sabuddy (they tell us it's pronounced "suh-BUDdy") for several years, and the place has definitely kept its hometown charm, even as its popularity has increased -- as, necessarily, have its prices, to meet demand. It's still gives you some of the best bang for your buck in town -- some of the best-tasting food, as well as generous quantities of it! The servers are usually pretty friendly, and they will give you recommendations to your taste. We can never eat it all, and always box it up for have delicious leftovers the next day. It beats pizza, burgers, and your usual fare for flavor and healthfulness to be sure!
I understand that the Tempe location has since closed but I visited the Scottsdale location on Shea and Scottsdale Rd.  I had the Schnitzel and it was very tasty and all of the food was very well prepared.  The dish included a stew, rice, Pita bread and a dollop of hummus.  Including drink the meal was about 10-11 dollars plus tip which seemed reasonable.   Next time, I'll try either the falaffel or shawarma but I definitely think there will be a next time.

Tell 'em "benny" sent ya!
I was visiting from out of town in March 2006 and my coworkers took me here. I had never had Israeli food although I love good Mediterranean cuisine. This place was inexpensive and had a lot of flavorful and distinct items on their menu. Reading a previous review, apparently it has closed down. I guess I'll have to visit the Scottsdale location if I end up going to Phoenix again.
Labne, Jersulam meatballs are tastey.  I tried the chicken with gravy dish(forgot the name), it was the special of the day.  Ask the waiting staff for the specials.  

The place is comfortable, has a relaxed feeling, and full of spicy aroma. We took our portions home for the prize we paid. Lentil Stew/soup is awesome. Worth visiting again with your friends. I like this restaurant.
Take it from an ex- waitress at this hot spot. Its still worth the drive, even up in Scottsdale. The shawarma was always very popular, but I prefer the grilled chicken pita.
Lindsay's special vegan friendly recipe? Order the lentil soup (more of a stew) and an order of the best hummus in the valley. Add a squeeze of lemon to the lentil soup. Take your pita and dip it in the hummus and then straight into the lentil soup. Its amazing. Something about the creamy hummus with the lentils and bits of lemon... delicious!
I used to love coming here for hookah and hanging out with friends. But the ASU frat boys found out about it and the place but isn't what it used to be. The foods gotten really bad too.
King Tut's is both my scene and not my scene. Moving out here from New York, I was thrilled to find hookah places, and also one that was open late with floor seating in private booths and decent Egyptian food at good prices. The atmosphere is definitely a bit run-down in a good way, and the waiters are pretty on point, especially in dealing with such a huge crowd. 

But that crowd is the other thing. I was shocked to find that the hookah scene was primarily filled with frat boys and sorority girls. It still perplexes me how this crowd, many of whom seem completely uninterested in world culture, has made this place their home. Fine for them, but if you're not in that scene or an ASU student, be prepared to feel like you've just gone to Psi Delta Psi or whatever for their hookah-themed party where everyone knows everyone else.  King Tut's knows who their target audience is, and I always am annoyed when they turn off the loud Middle Eastern music for the latest hip-hop. It just makes it seem more like a frat party. I love a party vibe, but I also feel out of my element.
I'll admit it. I have a soft spot for places where I can sit on a raised platform, recline on some pillows and pretend I'm the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland.  No. It's pretty unlikely that the people here will be "your people"  whoever you are, and whatever you're into.  I'm thinking this isn't a place to make friends, it's a place to take friends.  Friends who enjoy gigantic water pipes with hose attachments so you can enjoy some exotic cancer causing treats.

Mr. T ordered the first round, with Rose and Lavender.  This was my first time at a Hookah bar, or as I call it, wrestling with the 2 armed octopus.  Apparently it's not that hard, you suck on the end of the hose where the hole is.  Although, if the person tending the other hose isn't either actively sucking or blocking the hole some other way, the pipe won't draw and you'll be stuck with a lung full of stale, non smokey air.  And seriously, if you wanted that, you could have just stayed at home and locked yourself in the hall closet.

So, keep an eye on your hookah mates and make sure they've got their hole plugged or a hose in their mouth.  Otherwise nobody is gonna enjoy the Sheesha.  After we were done with the first round, which honestly felt a bit like smoking those fancy decorative soaps at your friend's grandmother's house.  You know the ones? The little roses and sea shells and what not?  Yeah, the ones you got in trouble for actually using when there was a perfectly good bottle of foam for you to pump?  The ones that it was only later pointed out were for decorative purposes?  Yeah, well imagine the strong rose and lavender scents wafting off those soaps mixing with grandpa's pipe smoke which crept in through the bathroom vents to say hello and you have a pretty good idea of what that first round of Sheesha was like.

Anyways, after the soap round  - We decided to try grape next which was mellow and neutral and didn't really remind me of anything.  I mean, it was good.  But it was good by virtue of not being bad.  

All in all it was an interesting experience.  The place was fine, I didn't try any food but I might next time.  I was neither impressed nor unimpressed with the Hookah portion of the evening.  I mean, it was no opium den, but it still had it's own thing going and I can appreciate that on a few levels.
This place is pretty trashy, I'd rather smoke my hookah at home.
I freakin' love this place!!

Reading the other reviews it makes me laugh because well... i guess I AM their target audience!! 

I have taken quite a few of my friends to this spot and it's always good fun. The music is a little loud for my taste and it's weird when u get a good vibe going and are challenging your friends to a smoke-ring-off and then all of a sudden you're puffing away to gangsta rap! it's like... HUH? When did Biggie walk though the door?? 

But whatev', u just keep getting ur caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland on and talk with your friends. But it's real what someone else said... u totally don't make friends there! It's hard when everyone's stoned and or trying to hook up with one another. But word on the people watching, for REAL!! 

As far as the seeshas go, I dig the mixed fruit and the apple flavors. It's pretty awesome. I love the taste and flavor and the fact that it's a LOT smoother than cigarettes. 

If you do decide to go, try some of the food... you might be surprised. Bring your ID cuz these ppl card! Take some friends and cover the hose when ur not smoking... its just polite! :P
I MUST talk about the food at this place!!

Okay, it was only recently that I decided to really try their food. and it was soo yummy! One time, I had a gyro and a seesh thoola (is that spelled right?) The second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita. it was so good! Their olive oil is quite good. The gyro was good too - a little greasy for my liking, but still yummy. 

Another time I went - i went with a couple of friends and we brought it down! We had a kebab combination. My friend had just a chicken kebab and I had a lamb kebab and the sheeh thoola combo and my other friend had just the lamb. It came with salad and hummus and pita as well as our entrees and rice and this one side dish of feta cheese, tomatos and i think sage? I didn't get to eat it because my friend ate it all! damn her! 

The hummus and pita was DELICOUS! and the rice was amazing. The kebabs were a little dry - I gotta admit but everything was good. I was really surprised. I thought it wasn't going to be that great. I wish we sat at a table becuase eating in their lil booths with just pillows on the floor was not very easy. We all got leg cramps that night. 

But seriously - the service is SHIT! There's this guy who is their waiter - if you're not a FEMALE under 25 and WHITE and BLONDE and a size ZERO and have HUGE tits... he does NOT give a shit about you! and that's REAL! I am SO not lying!! I've have been to this establishment atleast a dozen times and everytime - the story's the same. We go up and order our hookah... this employee takes the order is seems rather pissed to do so. I give him my ID and credit card and sit down with a couple of menus.

SEVERAL minutes later, our hooka comes and then we order our drinks and another quarter hour later our drinks come and then he seems CRAZY annoyed that we actually want food. I never care and just order anyway. There's been a couple of times when my friends wanted to eat somewhere else because of this guy's attitude. We order anyway. He reluctantly takes our order. We sit and wait... and wait... and wait... I search the room for him and there he is... standing over some girl's clevage as she giggles and twirls her hair. and FINALLY (one time 40 minutes later) we get our food. a-hole supreme usually plops our plates down and gives us more coles and is GONE. We never get refils on our drinks unless we beg another employee who seems like he's 15 years old.

When we're done - we flag him over from yet another table where he's now hovering over a different cleavage since cleavage number 1 has left. and he clears the tables and leaves us yet again. Until we're done smoking and then finally go to the register to pay. When i think about it... the service really does suck! but the food is so good and so is the hookah. I've come close to telling off the waiter of the year - but the tobacco and food always calm me down. :P
Thinking back on this place, I was swarmed with how many times and fairly significant experiences I have had here.  Instead of stories I'll just throw some facts at you:

Tut's has the best hummus in all of AZ.  Try it and tell me it's not true.  They give you more pitas than most places and it is pretty darn cheap.  The Phoenician is the only other passable hummus competitor.

The people here are much more friendly and varied than at Oasis.  It reminds me a bit of a drama club room mixed with a Psych 101 class at ASU.

They started playing hip-hop at some point and I don't know if it has stopped yet.  Perhaps only on weekends.  It's off-putting.

I have been told many times that Tut's hookah is not as good as others, but then I've also been told that Red Sea has the best and no one wants to go there.  I don't notice any difference and I doubt most people do.

Get some hummus to go and your day will be brighter.  Particularly if you live in that area because it is kind've a downer.  Maybe sneak it into Plaid so you won't have to eat their god-awful food and can still have a beer.
Most of the other reviews said it but I'll toss mine in to confirm.  Geoff O. hit the nail on the head.  The food is good, the hookah is average - above average, the interior is nice, the service is good, and the crowd is absolutely atrocious.  The place is consistently packed with morons from various ASU frats and sororities.  They used to play great middle-eastern music, but changed to shitty rap by popular demand.  

I have never been there on a Friday or Saturday night where some idiot frat guy didn't walk in and go "awww dude, we should totally put weed in these!!"  

If you enjoy good hookah and good food, you have to go no further than across the street from Tuts to Urban Cafe.  All the good points of Tuts without the awful crowd.  

PS:  If you are a frat guy with a spray tan and a popped collar on a pink polo shirt, please stay at Tuts.  I'll be across the street at Urban and we can just respectfully loathe each other from afar.
King Tut's is the very first place that I ever smoked hookah. Unfortunately, there were a lot of negative changes that have happened to Tut's since 2002. I remember once going to Tut's and the clientele was a perfect mix of Middle Eastern and non-Middle Eastern. The music back then was ONLY traditional Arabic music. Yes the furniture and stage wasn't as nice but it was more traditional. But now, King Tut's clientele is mostly college kids; some that are respectable and some that fit the "I'm a Big Douche at the Scottsdale Bar" scene. What disappointed me the most was hearing Afroman's most famous song being played in their system.  That was it for me.  I would give Tut's a lower rating but I have so many fond memories of this place.  I'm hoping to go back there sometime and have it be like it was before, a traditional, respectable, hookah cafe...  if anything, at least their food has stayed consistently great over the years.
this is one of my favorite places to go for a good time!! Best hookah place in town! GO GO GO!!
This is the first time I've been "out" for hookah, and I must say I was pretty impressed with King Tut's. I've driven pass this place hundreds of times and I always thought it was a little sketchy, but once inside the place looks pretty chill & homey. Me and my friend were quickly greeted and had a seat in the front floor area while we waited for our two other friends to join us. We got started with hookah, some water, and some hummus. Now I'm no expert on hookah, but what we had was pretty good. We had a tangerine thingy....and later one we had an exotic one with pineapple, delish. 

It was pretty hoppin' while we were in, and they had rain to deal with on the patio, but our server was attentive and took good care of us. I would definitely visit again.
King Tuts has it's pros and cons, just like every other Hookah Bar. It's pretty good shisha (if you get the StarBuzz as opposed the the regular tobacco), and the employees are super friendly and willing to help you if you need anything. Pricing is moderate, but worth it. Downside is the seating. It's difficult to find a good spot if you have more than 5 people. Also, it takes a little while to get your Hookah brought to you. But over all it's a fun time and I would recommend it!
We've been coming here for years now. It's had it's ups and downs but it's always been the best hookah in Phoenix. The prices are great, the hookahs are always great, and they are always trying to improve the experience. The food is great- get the chicken shawerma or the hummus. Dave, Tim, Fafani, and Sol are awesome so treat them well :)
Don't be fooled by the generic-sounding name, King Tut's has been the perfect place to relax over hookah with friends. I love this hookah bar; it's been the perfect place to relax after a long week. We always end up staying longer here than I mean to, because of the relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff. I wish it wasn't so far from my house, or else I'd be a regular here. I didn't try the food, though, this rating is solely for the quality of the hookah lounge.
I have been coming here for a very long time and live it. We've tried other hookah bars around tempe but have left wondering why we strayed from Tuts. The service is great (and has consistently gotten better) and the food is wonderful. If you want a great place to relax and talk/do homework (free wifi!)/just chill this is it.
Great spot for Egyptian Middle Eastern Atmosphere, excellent home cooked buffet during Ramadan, really makes me feel at home!
Good prices, great hookahs, good food! A very chill place to hang out with friends. Also free wifi
I've been coming to Tut's for at least 7 years now. Very little bad I have to say about it. Hookah and drinks always come out in a timely manner and the staff is always quite attentive. They'll make sure you get fresh coals and a new bowl if your hookah needs it. 

And I absolutely love the upper seating area. The only place in the valley where you'll see me excited to sit on the floor. Get yourself a hookah, some arabic coffee, a nice corner with some friends you'll be set.

They have some screens that they show sports and stuff on and they play music (mostly pop, some middle eastern) but if you're friends you probably won't be paying much attention to it.

The only food I've ever had was the grape leaves. It was OK. Seemed like it had been sitting around for a while and I didn't like that it came out with yogurt sauce as I am vegan. It's the only place I've ever seen this done and I've eaten my share of grape leaves.

Admittedly, I haven't been to many hookah bars, but Tut's is so great I don't see why I'd go anywhere else. Don't fix something if it ain't broken.

Oh, and free wifi. Just saying.
Definitely have good prices for the quality of hookah!

The location is great, close to ASU. 

I come here to study and sit outside when the weather permits. They have round table outside and is perfect for study group sessions. I love how its just a relaxing environment and the staff are super nice!

Their food selection is good too! I love their chicken hummus and their appetizers like chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, and wings are also yummy!
I really loved the hummus and pita bread. I am big fan of mediterranean and make sure I try it every place I go to. This is my all time favourite. It was made so fresh and served so well. The hookah was smooth and non-ashy. Definitely worth the money! Not too costly a place also.
This is my favorite place for hookah in Tempe. The service is awesome and the atmosphere is very relaxed. After being subjected to the absolutely atrocious service and scams at Hubby Bubbly, I appreciate the staff at King Tut's so much more.
There are a lot of hookah places in the neighborhood and I've tried the majority of them but always keep coming back here. Not because it's closest, but because it offers a fun cozy little atmosphere and a decent selection of food. Their service varies, but that's fine as so does their business traffic. It's the slow season now and I like to go over there when it's not busy and have a cup of their coffee and order from their extensive menu. I like that they have both American and Mediterranean food on their menu. Like one day you could get a nice (oh that grill taste!) burger, and then the next day get a hummus tray. I haven't tried their sheesha because I have my own hookah at home, but I've heard from friends that have been there that it's good and they prefer it over the food offerings, so it must be amazing. If you're in the area, you should definitely check it out. The only reason they aren't getting a 5-star is because it wouldn't hurt for them to play some music or something and be a little more consistent with their service.
This hookah lounge is just that, a lounge. It has very comfortable chairs and couches. There is a lot of room to spread out and get comfortable. This is a very important factor for Hookah lounges because you are smoking and trying to relax. 

Secondly, the staff is fantastic. They are very attentive. When you need coals they are right there asking you how the hookah is and if the flavor is still prime. If you feel like talking they will sit down for a couple minutes and chat with you, but they are quick to get back to work. 

Thirdly, the prices are fantastic. They have food and drinks for sale at this lounge and the prices are unbeatable. The food is incredibly good as well. 

If you're looking for a cheap, relaxing, and fun hookah lounge to frequent, this is the one for you!
Small arrangement... very low music... these are some of the things i dislike about the place BUT customer service is great which makes up for the experience. And also they have good quality hookah.
Good flavors for hookah. All of my friends come here so I get dragged a long too. Service is fast and nice. The atmosphere is good and the seats are comfortable. For a good time, this is the place to be. If you are into smoking. Although, parking is limited during busy hours.
Fun hookah time, i didn't pay, so it was great.
Tasty Kabob is a must see on any Hookah bar tour. They serve food, coffee and alcoholic beverages for those of age. In addition, the Hookahs are top notch. Now on to the food! Ever had Saffron Rice or Chargrilled Steak, Chicken or Pork? Try any of the Kabob platters, very good!  Also they have the best Persian Ice Cream which is only one flavor....what is the flavor??....(its a secret, you will have to go there and find out!) Prices are moderate for a dinner for two, atmosphere is casual enough to be a great first date place (attention cheesy guys) and they are rarely busy so cosy dates can become sweet and innocent. 
For persian cuisine in the East Valley this place is a must.
My Phoenix friends took me here while I was visiting Arizona and I absolutely loved the food. Unsure if I was going to get a decent meal from a place with "kabob" in the name (I'm a vegetarian), I was pleasantly astounded to find that my vegetarian meal was one of the best and tastiest I've ever had. My veggie kabob had been lovingly marinated and was roasted to perfection; this came served with the best basmati rice experience in my life. The breads served were likewise delicious.

I wouldn't say that the ambiance of Tasty Kabob is their strong point -- it's a large room with tables and feels more like a cafeteria. However, there are times when the food experience far outweights any extraneous circumstances and this one such example. Go for the food -- it is worth every penny.

Do check out the Middle Eastern grocery store across the street as well! They have a great selection of teas, pastries, and spices.
Raised in a Persian household, I know a good kabob when I eat one.

Tasty Kabob, while among the best Persian restaurants in Arizona, falls short of Famous Kabob in Sacramento and many Los Angeles joints. Still, it's better that any kabob I've had in New York, Chicago or London.

Still, if I have a hankerin for kabobs and rice, and don't feel like making them myself, Tasty Kabob does the trick.

If you go and have never tried Persian food, go with the kabob koobideh. Trust me.
Apparently Haji Baba isn't open on Sundays, so we decided to hit up Tasty Kabob instead of calling it off and heading home. The little parking lot in a strip mall off Apache was bustling with activity, so I hoped we would be able to score a table easier than we had tried for a parking spot. I don't like waiting for the first meal of the day. I turn into the reckapotamus from Hell, whose disposition is a combination between that of a pissed off hippopotamus and an icy cold imp from the underworld. 

But there wasn't a soul to be found enjoying a Tasty Kabob...it was a strange Twilight Zone of inactivity. Everyone and their mother was next door at Pita Jungle, but just because there are a lot of people there doesn't mean it's any good, just that they prefer to flock toward mediocrity, like sheep, or lemmings.

Halfway through the meal, I was thinking about flocking too. 

Although the hummus came with olives, chopped tomatoes and herbs, it was a bit bland overall. The pitas were warm and delicious though, and the combination of hummus and flat bread helped keep the reckapotamus banished to the depths. It was a generous portion for two, but I found myself munching on it just to pass the time until our lunches came, not because it was exceptionally well done.

So I wasn't ravenous when my meal arrived, but I was certainly looking forward to some good eats. Alas, the chicken schwarma pita sandwich delivered the same mediocre impression. The chicken was overly dry and not well seasoned, and again, the pita was the star of the dish. 

I didn't have the Persian ice cream this time, but I have in the past. It's fairly cheap and delicious, so if any of you out there are interested in trying a flavor that's certainly not of the 31 at Baskin Robbins, give it a whirl. I'm considering giving this place another star based on the ice cream alone...but I can't bring myself to. So consider it a 3.5 star experience overall.

I'm just glad the prices were reasonable for lunch, six or seven bucks for a sandwich. Otherwise, I might have felt a bit cheated. The ambiance was lacking as well, with generic cafeteria type seating (as stated before), and the service as attentive but awkward since we were the only people in there, so that leaves the food alone to shine. And the food isn't squeaking out any more stars from me.
Clearly one of the best Persian restaurants in AZ. The food is fresh and quite delicious. The prices are great too.
The owners are really nice too!
My friend Dean turned me on to Tasty Kabob.  Everything is great about this restaurant
This private little Persian eatery serves up some fresh, albeit traditional, fare along with a healthy dose of friendly service. The hummus was good full of nutty, lemony goodness but was overshadowed by the garlicky goodness of the eggplant dip. I called it baba-ghanouj but the owners insisted on eggplant dip. I sat at the bar and the service was prompt and polite except that the conversation was steered political by the owner, a direct violation of bar stool rules and a slight affront to myself ,a former barman. Who isn't talking politics these days? Any way, they did gouge me on a couple rum and cokes for my friend at $8 a pop. The beers were OK. This was strictly an AA meeting- alcohol and appetizers.  Next, we tried the grape leaves, a straight-forward staple at places like this. We finished up with some tabbouleh and the special pickles which were really good dipped in the hummus.  I will say we went on a Friday and it was dead, Pita Jungle was way busier in the same shopping center so the price range might be a little high for students. However the meeting went as planned and I left happy.  Check it out then head over to the hookah bar across the parking lot.
Decided to try this place out, when we got there we were the only occupied table, the service we got did not fit that situation. But, the three stars is more about the food than the service, if it was including the service it would be more like 2 stars. 

Started out with hummus and was disappointed by the very small portion.  Not even enough for 4 people to share more than one dip. 
Which seemed strange  when the rest of their portions were too large.
 
But the meals were pretty tasty. The rice portions are huge, and so were the sandwiches. My eggplant plate tasted better the next day as leftovers. 

The cheesecake slice was also large enough to share with everyone, mango was a nice flavor, but it was frozen at some parts which didn't appeal to me.
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
Took Mom and myself here twice, and it's always empty save one or two tables, each with one or two patrons seated.  We tried the lamb kabobs, with veggies and rice, and hummus; We were not impressed.  The atmosphere/decor is nice and it's quiet, so it's a good place to take a date or friends and family if comfort, pretty setting, and the ability to hear each other are important.  

One delicious treat that should not be missed is the homemade pistachio and rosewater ice cream!!  My mother, a very picky eater and hard to please, speaks of this not-too-sweet sweet treat often.  I'm actually feeling guilty that I haven't brought her back here.  We'll give the food another go- if it's another miss, we can always have our entrees at nearby Pita Jungle or the wonderful Haji-Baba, and then head over here for the delicious ice cream (it comes with these cute and tasty sugar cookies that add a nice crunch to the treat)!
I have been coming to this place to fulfill my Persian cravings since I moved to Arizona. It is a bit pricey unless you go for lunch but one thing I can say is that it is worth it. The joojeh kabob (cornish hen) and the bargs (chicken and filet) are always very well marinated, tender, and never dry or tough. Each dish comes with a great helping of hot rice which I also love. The cucmber yogurt dip is a must. Love this place, worth the extra dollar if you want a great Persian treat for yourself.
Tasty Kabob is one of my all time favorites. This is a great place for veggie folks to get a wonderful meal when you are out with omnivores. You wouldn't think something as simple as some skewered veggies and basmati rice could be so amazing but IT IS. I even had my bridal shower here.. and my college graduation lunch.. I cant' recommend it highly enough.
The first thing I'll remark upon is that Tasty Kabob has the most fabulous saffron ice cream ever!  I have tried several types of different ice creams like green tea and nattou (fermented soy bean) and have gotten close to lobster ice cream (in Bar Harbor), but have never tried the delicious freshness of this nutty, flavorful treat.

I am not really fond of the name of this restaurant but it is what it is-- a tasty kabob.  And so, that's we ate.  At the start of our meal, we had some wonderful caffeine-free tea (chamomile, I believe), which was brought out in a steaming pot and was perfect.  Lovely for two girlfriends who hadn't seen each in three years and needed a good chat.  We shared a stuffed grape leaf appetizer and I must say that I have never been disappointed by them.  The tzatiki type sauce was yummy, too.  For dinner, my friend had the lamb kabob and I enjoyed the cornish hen kabob.  I was a little saddened that her lamb was a bit tough and that mine came as hen on the bone, but the dinners were cooked farely well.  They also came with generous portions of rice and salad.  As I was eating my hens, I incessantly dipped the meat into the tzatiki; they needed something more.

The waitress was very attentive and the decor was attractive.  Again, I think the name and the huge sign out front were a little corny, but good Middle Eastern food is hard to find and I think Tasty Kabob does a fine attempt at it.
I happened to stumble on this place because of yelp! You cant help but notice the hustle bustle at pita jungle and feel sorry for them when there is this amazing gem next door!

Fresh, Delicious Iranian Food! I have tried their koobideh, vegetarian sandwich, and some mezzes.
I highly recommend trying them out, and I cant wait to go back again, that koobideh is to KILL for :)
Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. Nice tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very nice bar.

An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a high-quality establishment. They were incredibly nice to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some good suggestions, like their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as well without us even asking.

For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was balanced perfectly.

For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we split a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with great seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice great texture. The Shawarma was fresh and delicious. The chicken was cooked and seasoned nicely.

For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as well as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the best we've had. Great flavor. The Baghlava was a great complement to the ice cream. A nice sweetness from the honey and the flaky dough was great.

So in summary, great atmosphere, great owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound like just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not.
Just went there this past Saturday and was impressed with the food and atmosphere. The only sad thing was how empty it was - both for the owners (who are very nice) and the people that are missing out on it. By comparison, Pita Jungle next door was packed and I seriously doubt the food is any cheaper or better, not to mention the atmosphere. We had a bunch of appetizers and ordered the koobideh as a side item - it was a lot of food. The persian salad and the hummus were both huge, enough for 3 people at least. It was fresh and delicious - try it, you'll be glad you did!
I've been craving good old Persian Food---

The owners have always been very kind and generous-- genuinely inviting you into their restaurant to enjoy some great food. I got the koobideh plate to go alongside some grilled chicken and veggie skewers. The koobideh  for some reason was slightly dry this time around but the chicken was perfect...
I will miss this place when I move to chicago
Three words: Persian Ice cream......   The best of the best and I don't even like typical ice cream but I CRAVE this one!  Staff is amazing they make you feel like you are right in their home cooking for just you!  Need I say more...
While the name of the place which seems to imply that this is a run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern food place, its far from that. It's a cozy, elegant (not luxuriously elegant, but elegant nonetheless) restaurant with friendly service and tasty yet inexpensive food. It's definitely a place where I would bring visiting guests to eat when I show them around Tempe.
Took the family for a middle eastern treat and wasn't disappointed. Ordered  Lamb, Beef and Chicken Kabobs served family style with some nice roasted vegetables and very fragrant Basmati rice. The Hummus appetizer was great as well. Ended the visit with a round of their Persian ice cream and it was great ! I believe we were served by the owner, a patient gentlemen took good care of us.  We will be back.
Ok so I had just arrived in Tempe and was staying at the Days Inn across the street. Someone recommended that Iunch at PJs. Well I, new and innocent, went to PJs where it was bustling! It took forever for someone to come to my table (actually I waited over 5 minutes and the waitress never came), so I left. And I walked the plaza and ran into the lovely Tasty Kabob. 

Let's just say I've never looked back. I've eaten here 4 times and all 4 times have been nothing but great! Hummus, saffron ice cream, bean soup, pitas, and I love the mom and popness of it all---truly gracious owners and down to earth wait staff. Really love the authentic Persian cuisine!!! I prefer to sit out on the patio and you know this place seems to attract a really friendly set of people! 

Seems to be a shared sentiment---sad that PJ's overflows while tables sit empty at this little gem. Give it a try for an authentic Persian dining experience. I miss independent restaurants like this and I'm happy to have found this one. I think I might go there now actually. Lunch?
Originally headed to Tempe to go to Haji Baba - but they only do takeout on Sundays and we were looking for a sit down lunch. Pulled out the trusty iPhone and found this place as an alternative. It's a shame that now I'll probably never have Haji Baba with this place being right up the street. 

My girlfriend and I each had the vegetarian platter with hummus, eggplant borany and tabbouleh. The hummus was average, the tabbouleh was above average, and the borany was OH MY GOD amazing! I don't know exactly what it is and I don't need to know - all that matters is that it's delicious. It's the perfect creamy texture with a garlicky eggplant flavor. It also came with a dollop of yogurt and figs (I think...it was some kind of creamy mayonnaise looking sauce and shreds of something tasty.) 

Service was attentive and polite - not a single eye roll or sigh when I repeatedly asked for cups of ice. One dining out pet peeve of mine - they have soda cans (seriously...my work cafeteria has a soda fountain - it can't be that difficult/expensive to maintain) and I couldn't quite get my drink cold enough. 

Portions were big enough to share (we know for next time) so we took our leftovers home and had a pita picnic for dinner that night. 

Worth the drive from downtown Phoenix.
For one single reason...attention was awesome!!! We were a group of more than 10 and they made a great job taking our orders and helping us to pay. 

Food tasted really good, every body left with a happy face and some, we had to ask a box as portions were a bit more than expected. I had a lamb kabob and it was really delicious!!
Persian food... marinated meats...mmmmmmmm

Try the soltani - one skewer each of koobideh (ground beef) and barg (pieces of filet mignon). Along with the accompanying basmati rice, it's an extremely satisfying meal. And if you want a different take on stews, try their ghormeh sabzi. Absolutely delicious! Their shirazi salad and humus make great starters. 

I was introduced to this place 17 years ago by a girlfriend. Well, she's ancient history but, thankfully, Tasty Kabob isn't.
Excellent Persian cuisine!  From the tender, tasty and juicy flame broiled chicken to the creamy, sweet and aromatic Persian ice cream (homemade with rose water, pistachio pieces, and honey), this place does it right.  No complaints whatsoever, including the service, which others have had concerns about.  

Other dishes we tried included the lamb shank with basmati mixed with lima beans and dill weed and tadig (crispy rice) topped with sabzi (green vegetable and dried lime beef stew).  We got adventurous and tried the yogurt soda as well.  Everyone agreed this was a 5-star experience.
Absolutely fantastic food!  If you've been to Pita Jungle and want something a little more authentic to middle eastern region, than you'll love Tasty Kabob.  My wife and I lived fairly close to the restaurant so we would take-out at least once a week.  My personal favorite is the beef and lamb kabob, and my wife would almost order the Greek Salad w/Gyro Meat.  The food tastes fresh, and they don't over do it with spices and salt.

The service is always great and you'll most likely have the owner of the restaurant serve you.  We liked this place so much that my wife and I did our rehearsal dinner there.  Oh yeah, did I mention that the food is very inexpensive!

If your in the mood for middle eastern cuisine and are on a budget, be sure to stop in!
Persian Cuisine has a special place in my belly.  I love middle eastern food when it is done right.

Tasty Kabob is a paradise for vegetarians and carnivores, and I often visit this place in the unnatural company of each.  

It is a sit-down restaurant, the service is good, and they have take out if you are staying in.

All three of their stews are fantastic, and everything I have ever eaten there has been a delight.
Great food!! The Tadiq is my fav. Love the Cornish Hen also. The kabob and steak kabob are awesome!! Yummy !!!
Tasty Kabob well surpassed my expectations!!  i walked in and it was exactly like the previous reviews had said about it...desolate and quiet and yes the almighty Pita Jungle (which is right next door) was much more busy. Not sure which one of these establishments was here first but these two places RIGHT next door to each other are for sure rivals. Tasty kabob is a family owned restaurant though, and the quality and taste of the food completely represents that. Everything was freaking delicious. Let me break it down for ya right quick folks::

ATMOSPHERE: place is decorated really nice inside, perfect place for an intimate dinner. They had Persian music playing as well which i loved. The decorations, music and food all flowed together wonderfully.
SERVICE: top notch. The owners are their walking around (i assume it's them..you know they give off that owner-y- vibe) and our waitress was just a little basket of knowledge and sunshine!
FOOD: hummus was one of the best i have had. Menu is fairly large and honestly everything looked good. We had the chicken kabob and steak kabob and the meat was REALLY tender and flavorful. Order came with a MASSIVE amt of yummy rice. (also have the option doing 1/2 rice and 1/2 salad if you desire). They also did a special order for me which was not on the menu. wanted a special vegetable Kabob and they whipped it up just to my liking.. gotta love that! didn't have room for the ice-cream but hear its delish!
DRINK: wine and beer- nice selection
PRICE: reasonable. Two people, $52. pretty good for apps, two drinks and two entrees. 

give this underrated place some of your time one day if you happen to be in the area, i highly doubt that you will be disappointed.
I had the Kabob Special $31 which comes with 3 different meats.. and lots of Rice.  My favorite kabob was the Chicken,  The other two were meat Barg and koobideh which I thought were a bit dry but still tasty.  The Rice was very good.  I had a side of Hummus that came with Pita, I felt this was bit generic in flavor.  I Also, ordered the BAGHLAVA sweet $2 which felt like a crispy funnel cake with pieces of churro topped with  maple syrup, not bad but a lil too sweet for my taste.  I Also tried the Persian Ice cream which came with a small wafer and was a unique flavor which I enjoyed..  Would not return as I had better Persian food but surely works for the local craving of Persian.
So i have some friends in AZ but none of them wanted to hang so I ended up hear . The pizza is like the size of Jacksonville ,Fl (largest city per sq ft. in the U.S.)it takes like 10 min to eat one slice .
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. 

And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
Oh Tasty Kabob, I wish you were closer to where I live.  I have been going to this place since 2005, my husband and I used to be there at least twice a month.  Now with the twins, it is a lot harder to take such a long trip.  I cannot have enough of the Fesenjan, it is a delicious stew, the complexity of flavors is amazing, we always have it with chicken.  Another item we always order is the Tadig, ahh, its crunchiness is magnificent.  I am salivating just thinking about it.  And one item you should never miss is the persian ice cream.  My husband has to order his own, I won't share.
I love Tasty Kabob! I find myself craving it on Mondays when they are not open but they have the best cucumber yogurt with pits bread! They also have amazing kabobs and rice.  If I could have Tasty Kabob every day I would!
I have been coming here for years. The iced tea is out of this world and I would come here just for that. Spicy beans for an appetizer always pleases my husband. The kabobs have been a little tough here and there
but not so tough you can't eat them. I love the Barg and the Gourmet Sobzy.
Persian basmati rice is one of the wonders of the world and Tasty Kabob makes it so well that even my husband the non rice eater cleans his plate here.
Topping things of with persian ice cream always ends the night with a smile.
You can also take a bag of tea home with you to brew your own which is awesome. Ask the owner what the chef mixes in it to make it taste so good. She told me but I can't remember beyond.. I love it.
There is rarely a wait here and always clean.
The more we go, the more I want to return.
This is a must try for those who like to try new types of food but great also if you bring a stick in the mud that likes meat and potatoes.  You will get rice instead but I gaurantee even a cowboy will love the Barg.
This place truly has some unique made from scratch food that I just absolutely love. The Fesenjan (look it up) is one of my favorite dishes!! The amount of hummus they give for the price is great.
Amazingly enough my 14 year old enjoys eating here just as much as I do, and pleasing a teenager is never an easy thing.
Let me clarify, the 3 star rating is only because of the lack of too many vegetarian options. I say this bcs with the kind of food they serve they can easily pull off other good veggie options like their competitors. I was forced to order an appetizer for dinner when I was so hungry, for the lack of options and a side of saffron rice, which wasn't as good as say med fresh grill or Phoenician cafe! 

My friends absolutely loved their meat dishes, but love to c some better veggie options. Like the name suggests, I m sure u guys can make tasty veggie kabobs if u can :) the pistachio ice cream was good. Check the photos section for some pics I posted. 

But the service was good and the owners were very nice to us too, maybe bcs we were in a big group and seems like they felt we were from some review team, hence the extra love(maybe? :p). They were also keen on splitting the check without much fuss, even though they screwed up a few checks, maybe bcs we were in a big group.

One of my biggest pet peeves is when servers come to take away your bowl of food before you are done eating, agreed there were only some tiny scraps in there, but that is always uncalled for. Happened here but no biggie. As I said the rating is solely for lack of too many veggie options
Lamb and rice.  Not bad but surely nothing special.  Rice and lamb bland.  Onion mostly raw.  About $20 a piece.  Not sure that it doesn't deserve a mere two...
If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.  

That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
I love Tasty Kabob!  Their food is always excellent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valley.  I always order their chicken shish kabob entree, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and grilled vegetables.  The chicken is always tender, well-marinated, and equally well-seasoned.  Their beef shish kabob entree is also very good. Try shaking a little sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is.  It's difficult to choose from their list of appetizers and side dishes, but their hummus is always creamy and smooth, and I love their shirazi salad.  Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it.  Just as important as the food is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit.  The couple who own the restaurant always make you feel welcome.  Good food and service that makes you feel at home, what more can you ask for?  Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
THE very best Persian food and service in Tempe! 

With 25 years experience this restaurant's reputation certainly speaks for itself! The care and attention to detail in food, service and customer satisfaction is above and beyond.  

Surely, a place that family and friends will love and a staple for Tempe's foodie culture as well.  There's not an item on the menu that isn't worth trying. And when you try something you;ll be sure to want to return soon, for more.  Especially the dessert....If you have a keen palate w/ a sweet tooth, then the homemade Persian ice cream or the homemade cheese cake awaits your inevitable order. 

Do yourself a favor and try it. Don't be afraid to ask questions about the menu either, the staff is very knowledgeable and the owners are very warm, friendly people as well!

P.S. Lunches are very busy so before arned &/or call ahead to reserve!
we started with the cucumber, tomato, onion and parsley salad which was amazing. it was super fresh and so tasty. our waitress told us they don't chop the veggies until someone orders it. 

i had a chicken kabob (some of the best chicken i've had in...maybe ever) and an onion kabob. freaking so good. the onion was nice and charred and it was so much food.

my sister had the chicken kabob with the basmati rice that had the berries on top. she said it was ridiculously good.

by far some of the freshest food and most flavorful food i've had in awhile!
Food was very fresh and tasty. The owners were very nice and helpful on picking out items on the menu. Service was great and friendly. My husband got the lamb kabob. Typically i do not like lamb, but this was the best I've tasted and liked!  The chicken was awesome an the Persian ice cream was fantastic. I highly recommend.
Delicious ... and you have to try the ice cream :)
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens?), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices / sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.

A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.

$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
I thought this place was very good and its a nice change of pace from my usual eats which is mainly Italian food. It has a nice atmosphere and good service, the kabobs were delicious along with the rice. I will certainly go back again and leave with a happy full belly too.
Not a bad lunch spot.  Had the Chelo Kebab Koobideh plate and paid the upcharge to have Baghala Polo (a delicious rice pilaf with dill and lima beans) with it instead of plain white rice and wished I hadn't.  The dill rice tasted mediocre and the whole time I ate, I was hardcore eyeing the platters that went by with white rice and salad.  Would definitely order differently next time.  We also had the hummus, which was perfectly tasty, but nothing to write home about.  My lunch companions who ordered sandwiches received a side dish of bagged potato chips, which seemed both superfluous and budget.  The Frank Sinatra and Rat Pack-esque music playing in the background was also a little odd.  Although I did like my meal for the most part, I'd probably visit one of my other favorite Persian spots in the valley for dinner service instead of here.
Excellent, excellent food! Corny, Corny name!  But I forgive them. I could tell by the wonderful aroma of limu Omani (dried limes) that it would be good. I don't know if Tempe knows how good you have it, or maybe you do, but from the tadig and khoresh to the aash, Tasty Kabob is truly authentic Persian food.  If you're looking for good inexpensive thing to try, have the tadig and khoresh with ghormeh sabzi for only $6.50. It can be your meal. Plus the fun of tadig is that you can use it like chips to pick up your savory khoresh.

Why isn't this place in DC???  Aargh! Ah, well at least I found it and enjoyed it. Just like home cooking.
Visited Tasty Kabob on the recommendation of a coworker and was pleasantly surprised.  Started the meal off with the stuffed grape leaves and some hummus.  The grape leaves were stuffed very plump and proved to be just as delicious as they looked.  There were 8 total and I definitely rank them a great "bang for the buck" as an appetizer.  The hummus was good, just good.  A little bland and a little thinner than my liking and I wasn't too overwhelmed with the portion size.  My lunch entree was the Gyro Platter, which was literally phenomenal.  The oversized plate seemed almost too small to contain the generous portion sizes provided.  The platter came loaded with a generous portion of fresh, dressed salad greens (more of a spring mix), a huge portion of long grain rice topped with some saffron infused rice.  The gyro meat was a mix of lamb and beef, shaved thinly and folded alongside some seasoned onions and tomatoes.  What impressed me the most is that, for once, the meat was NOT dried out, as I have found in most Middle Eastern restaurants.  All this for less than $25 (two appetizers and an entree).  The seating was good, the music was very good and the service was great (perfect timing and very accommodating).   Overall, this is an easy recommend if your looking for good food & good service at a reasonable price.
I came to this restaurant thinking... Hmm... this is the place that doesn't have as much traffic coming and going as the neighboring Mediterranean restaurant that I enjoyed so much..... Something must be wrong with THIS place.  But, because I organize a monthly "World Tour Lunch" group, I wanted to go to this particular restaurant because it is an Iranian restaurant...  

Not a surprise,  it seems like each one of us ordered some form of a kabob/combination plate.  I also ordered the veggie soup, Aash, and the Baklava.  I was so surprised to find that the food in this restaurant tasted so good.  I enjoyed every bite of the tender and succulent chicken and the lamb.  And of course, the objective of most of us who are doing the tour is to also try each other's food, and I enjoyed the samplings of other folks food too.

So, I've come to this conclusion, this place has to be the best kept secret in Tempe!  I can't see how people will walk pass Tasty Kabob and go to the neighboring establishment  when this food is awesomely fantastic and prepared by a talented kitchen.  In addition to the the food, I was so very happy with the service!  Any place that willingly accommodates my strange requests for lettuce in place of rice/pasta in their dishes is generally okay with me.
Their food is exactly what I would expect from a Persian Restaurant. It is authentic and done very well. I have been coming here for over 11 years and the owners have always been very friendly and open to my friends, family and coworkers. 

There are other Persian food restaurants in the valley but none match the "Local Feel" that you will get here. It is very quiet at times and they have a variety of music from french, spanish to of course persian playing the background. 

I must include that I am not of any Persian or Middle Eastern decent and they have always been willing to explain what the menu items are and are more than willing to share their wonderful culture with anyone.

Check out the pictures on the wall and you will also see a number of famous folk that eat here on a regular basis.

Thank you Tasty Kabob for being so wonderful! See you again soon.
+ Mango Juice | Portion Sizes

- Price | No Sauce for the combo dish | Had much better persian in bay area/cali

20 dollars for a very scantly seasoned combo dish and a juice is a bit much
Maybe I ordered wrong but I will be back to try the other stuff
Nice music, lighting. Indoors and outdoors seating. Waiters stood around like secret service agents. Food had slight char, but otherwise delicious. Would recommend my friends.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.
Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.
Desserts were okay.
Awesome food! I may have given it a 5 star because I was hungry, but the food is just so good!  I couldn't try the ice cream since I am so stuffed!  I shall return when job takes me back to Tasty Kabob!
Excellent food, very nice service and awesome music and nice desert. We tried both chicken and lamb entries, they are cooked to perfection and very tasty. Joojeh kabob is my favorite and game hen tenderness is excellent for kabob. The homemade dough, which is a spiced butter milk is very tasty. Aash, Persian soup is excellent. There are lot of restaurant's in the valley should learn from these people how to serve the food, they are second to none. The Persian ice cream is a must try.
Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp....
Also if your vegieterrian good luck, litle to no options...
Lower you prices and improve your quality tasty kabob med food is not a novelty anymore like back in the 80'.
Great food and quick service.

I love their chicken kebab wrap (it comes with DELICIOUS tzatziki sauce, and the meat is soooooo moist and yummy). 

5/5 for the best Turkish/ Middle Eastern food in Tempe.
One of the best Kabob restaurant in AZ
I ordered Chicken Sulatani plate it so delicious. It is a chiken kabob and beef kofta with Basmati rice and union. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLATE
Great service
Great place

But its price is a little bit expensive
One of the best middle eastern restaurants in town, and the beef kobaidah kabob is extremely delicious and juicy that melts in your mouth. I could never have enough of it
I really like this place. I am from Los Angeles where we have the best Persian food. Coming to AZ has been VERY disappointing. I guess because Persian restaurants here lack competition they can slack in flavor and quality. BUT NOT HERE. This ranks on the top of my list for Persian food here. The owners are so friendly and everything is fresh and tastes good. WAY BETTER than the Persian Room in Scottsdale. If you don't believe me, go try their food. Also they make homemade Persian ice cream that is phenomenal. I will be back!
Enjoyed the food and the service. Chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good. Gyro plate super delish don't pass it up. Only regret we ate too much for dessert!
My new favorite Persian restaurant!! My mom, sister, and I came here for lunch and I'm glad we did. We were greeted by a nice older gentleman and we were seated outside. He warned us of bees, but my sister wanted to enjoy the weather since she is visiting from NY.

Onto the food. My mom ordered the lab kabab with half rice half salad, which was delicious! I don't really like lamb, but this didn't taste bad at all. My sister got the koobideh plate, which she loved. And I for the chicken kabab with koobideh plate. I don't usually like koobideh either because it has too many flavors but theirs was amazing. It has the perfect amount of spies and it's soooooo juicy! Yum! The chicken was amazing too. It was so tender and juicy. It was perfectly grilled too. The only thing that was "eh" was the rice. I'm picky about rice. The house doogh was excellent. I love doogh! 
And for dessert, we got the faloodeh, which we weren't charged for because they had run out of a full serving. But it was delicious! So sweet! So good. 
The service was great. The prices are good especially for how much food you are getting.
This place isn't as nice as Persian Room, but the food is much much better.
I just had lunch with a friend at Tasty Kabob and did it ever deliver on taste!
We both had chicken kabobs with salad skipping the rice for the calorie savings. Honestly at $6.50 for the quality & quantity of food was amazing. The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. Delish!! The service was excellent and there were only a hand full of tables being used. For some reason next door Pita Jungle was packed and I can't image why? There food is ok,very trendy tho. 
There is a menu outside, but it is so formal looking. They need to get a sign posted outside stating that "lunch specials starting at $6.50" that would get the folks in the door. If you truly like good food...get over to this place and give it a try....excellent!
One of the ONLY Persian restaurants where the Rice to Kabob ratio is a very close 50/50 and they make the Maast-o-Moosir from real shallots, not diced white radishes and garlic powder.
On a mission to review every Persian restaurant in California and around it's borders, I discovered Tasty Kabob. I've eaten here many years ago but have forgotten about it untill I went back with a friend of mine who lives in Phoenix.
Tasty Kabob Is not a fancy restaurant, the owners spend their time and energy creating good quality, authentic food. The yogurt is thick & Maast-o-Moosir Is made fresh, daily. The quality of meat is always exceptional & the Barg Kabob always comes perfectly cooked. Juicy, tender, yet slightly crunchy on the upper 'crust'. It's just absolutely fantastic!
I had lunch here many times over the years and never been disappointed.
This place has great food but the prices are a little on the expensive side and the wait staff stand around as though they're prison guards watching you.
I've been there numerous times now, and I am always amazed at just how good the food is.  Huge portions, wonderfully seasoned.  I get the chicken barg soltani and it is amazing. It comes with rice and a salad (or just rice if you prefer).  We always start our meal with some tadiq with gheimeh bademjan.  Making good tadiq is an art form, one which this place has mastered.  The yogurt salad (yogurt with cucumbers and mint) is stand-alone delicious, but I prefer to have it on my food.  And for dessert try the Persian ice cream.

If you've never had Persian food you are missing out on some wonderful meals.  There are numerous vegetarian dishes, also.  Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.
The food here is really good here. The staff is friendly and the place has a nice ambiance. The Chicken Sish Kabob is recommended. You can have your food with saffron rice or salad or half and half (both). The salad is absolutely delicious!

A little warning about the Persian ice cream though. It is vanilla with pistachio bits, saffron and rose wash so it will taste like you're eating perfume. If you are not into unusual tasting food, then don't order this. 

If you have an adventurous side and want to try this, I can say that after 3-4 bites of this ice cream, the perfume taste gradually becomes less noticeable. 

Cheers!
Two words. Falafel sandwich.  To die for.  In fact, if I ever wanted to commit suicide it would be death by Haji Baba's falafel sandwich to insure that I would die happy.  

Also, when they say pomegranate juice, they are NOT FOOLING AROUND.
I can't say enough about this place.  The food is wonderful.  I am half middle eastern so I grew up on authentic arabic food.  Haji Baba is the only restaurant I have found in the Phoenix metro area that is VERY comparable to my Grandma's cooking.  The hummus and tabouli are excellent.  And if I were to recommend an entree, it would have to be the Chicken Shwarma plate.
Note that I am rating this place based purely on their supreme/deluxe/whatever gyro, and that I've never actually sat down to eat here, just gotten my food to go. Now that's out of the way: sooooo goooood, and inexpensive compared to some other places that offer gyros!

There's a minimum $5 purchase to run a debit card transaction, so if you don't have any cash, be prepared to buy dessert (poor you!)
In my humble opinion, this is by far the best Middle Eastern restaurant I ever been to. If you go there, then you must try the chicken shewerma combination. Killer!!!!
Haji Babba is amazing.  The food is cheap and delicious.  It's easy to "build" a meal by adding up a bunch of appetizers.  The combination plates are great too!  The feta cheese appetizer and falafel sandwich are my favorites.  You can't leave without trying one of the delicious varieties of baklava they prepare as well.  This is *the* place to enjoy Middle Eastern food!  The staff is charming and prompt.  The place gets very, very busy at lunch time, so plan ahead for work lunches.  The grocery store is pretty fun too, if you have time to browse around after you eat.
I'd eat at Haji-Baba if I was in the neighborhood and wanted something quick and filling.  

Actually my favorite thing to get is over at the deli/takeout counter - the great selection of freshly made baklavas - almond, walnut, pistachio.  

This is also a good place to pick up spices and other Middle Eastern groceries.

Although I think I like the pickled papaya dish at the Vietnamese place in the plaza more, so my preference is to come here for the baklava afterwards.
If you want an authentic experience, if you really want to feel like you have some manner of ethnic experience, you need to come to Haji Baba.  

It's a little middle-eastern market.  It's a corner grocery.  It's a family-run restaurant.  It's freaking good.  

The hummus is pretty good, with fresh-made pita.  The feta cheese app is really good.  The chicken shawerma plate is top-notch, and my god is there a ton of food.  Heck, order the gyros plate for around $6 and when it arrives, mounds of succulent meat, tzsaziki sauce, rice and Greek salad, go ahead and take a bite before you decide to pull a Johnny Depp from Once Upon a Time in Mexico and go back to kill the cook because it's just too good.  

It's cheap, it's filling, it's quality, and it's ridiculous that it's not packed from open to close.  

Good ol' Haji Baba.
An excellent place to stop if you are in the Tempe/ASU area.  Their Gyro's are overflowing with some of the best Gyro meat I've tasted in AZ.

The only reason it isn't a 5 star for me is the distance.  I live in the North West Valley, and it's a conscious, planned decision to go there.

ASU Students rejoice. You have one of the cheapest, best tasting Mediterranean food joints in AZ right on your back doorstep!
FOOD: This place has some pretty good Middle Eastern food. The hummus was awesome, and the shawermas are always tasty. You get a lot of food on your plate. The meat is actually tasty, as opposed to a lot of places that just throw the some tasteless meat into the shawerma. If you want to try some good low-priced Middle Eastern food, this is the place to come. 

PRICE: Pretty cheap for all that you get. You can definitely spend under $10. 

ATMOSPHERE: I love the setup of this place! The restaurant is at the side of a small market that sells all types of Middle Eastern ingredients, foods, and snacks. If you enjoy what you eat in the dining area, walk five feet into the aisles and find the required ingredients! This place is actually run by Middle Easterners, not sure which nationality, but it feels authentic and not too Americanized. 

SERVICE: No complaints, but not the most outgoing or warm service.

SKINNY: Go to Haji-Baba! If not to eat, then to shop for food! Great place for lunch.
I ate here today for the first time since I was an ASU student long ago - it was as good as I remember. Better, because i have a more sophisticated palette now.

The hummus was yummus.

The baba ghanooj nearly made me spooj.

The tabouli ruled me.

I love the olives. Real olives. Not from a shitty can. I am an olive snob. Trust me. Order the side of olives. Do it!

Yes this review is shamelessly blatantly fishing for cool and or funny ratings.

Give me one then go to Hajis.
Thank You Erica.O and Praise to Allah that I finally found some Baklava worthy of the sacred journey through my Gullet.

Now onto the rest of my review, I met a friend for lunch, I started by ordering the Hummus and a Spanakopita (see pics) 

The hummus was good, although I didn't get the the thick fresh pita I saw everyone else eating? I guess you have to ask for the good stuff,  Newbie mistake #1, the pita I got wasn't too bad though.

The Spanakopita wasn't all that it, tasted too "green" not enough flavor of feta, and by microwaving  it  the flaky crust became unflaky and jut soft and chewy, not good.

I ordered the Vegetarian Combo she ordered the Shawarma plate (see pics) My plate had babaganoush, falafel (hiding under the tomato salad) Tabbouleh and 2 stuffed grape leaves served with a side of yogurt / tatziki sauce. 
I thought everything was really good and tasted pretty fresh except the grape leaves, they were atrocious, the rice inside was unrecognizable, it was so overcooked it completely turned to a mushy paste, bummer, grape leaves are my favorite. ( I will make them for us Andrea, I Promise)

I wish I had more of their falafel I pretty much filled up on the tatziki, babaganoush and pita. Now I know what to get next time.

So our waiter come over and says "Since this is your first time, I'll take care of the bill, just take your ticket to the counter"

WOW~ Are you serious, how generous!!

We wait in line, give our ticket to the guy and he keeps asking us to pay??? 
Well Apparently  there was a confusion of some sort, I don't know what the waiter meant by that, We though our lunch was going to be free.....it wasn't....but that's OK.

That's when I ordered my baklava, one piece.........I go to the car to eat it and went back in for 2 more pieces.....YUM!!

4 stars for the Baklava at least
I discovered the delights of Haji-Baba when I was in grad school at ASU (gulp) 10 years ago.  I decided to take the BF for dinner recently when we were in the Tempe area.  I was pleased that Haji-Baba has stood the test of time.

The decor was exactly as I remembered it.  The market side was still chock-full of Middle Eastern staples.  The bakery case was filled to the brim with homemade baklava.  The dining area even had the same murals on the walls.  Very little has changed indeed at Haji-Baba in the last 10 years.

Haji-Baba offers great value-for-your-dollar.  You get a large quantity of tasty food for a very wallet-friendly price.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't the greatest Middle Eastern food served in the US, but it's very solid.  There's a reason Haji-Baba has been a staple with ASU students over the years.  

The hummus was tasty and so were the olives.  The Gyro Plate had so much meat on it that I had to take half to go for lunch the next day.  The gyro meat is very good here, but it's not the best I have ever tasted.  That was at Jimmy's Gyros in Mykonos, Greece.  But I can certainly make do with Haji-Baba.
Haji Babba is awesome. The food is good and very well priced, the falfel and the baklava are the best in town. Try it you'll love it. The dolmas, and gyros schwermas are excellent. The market is really cool too. They sells tons of flavors of hashish and beautifully designed hookas and at their prices you will never find yourself in paraphernalia or trails again. They also have excellent teas, boxed goods, dishes and all sorts of cool beauty products. It's a lot of  fun to walk around and look at everything while your waiting for your food.
I've been going to Haji Baba since '99 and I have NEVER been disappointed. Nothing that I write will do this place justice. I have had everything but the Kibbi (sp?). Their hummus is always spot on. The Fallafel is always crispy but maintains moistness. Their gyros are delicious. The chicken is beyond reproach. 

Afterwards its is always fun to peruse the store. Good prices all around!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SUPER FRIENDLY, 

SUPER FAST

SUPER CHEAP

SUPER CHEAP. 


seriously. this place is the best place in all of the phoenix area for middle eastern food . 

it has been around forever, 


go here. 

much better than princess or all the awful middle eastern/turkish/ Mediterranean places on mill.. 

and dont even think about going to pita jungle across the street. ..seriously
I have always wanted to write one of these reviews as a letter to a personified establishment. Like the cool kids.

Sweetest Haji Baba,

I am so happy that I waited for you. Had I lost my falafel virginity to anyone but you I surely would have regretted it. Thank you for knowing I was ready to be deflowered. The taste of your falafel lingers on my lips when I think of that day.

I thought we may be a fling, but you are so deep. You have two sides, delicious dining, and grocery I think I am in love. The way your staff is friendly and seem to actually appreciate my business leaves me longing for your sweet lunch.

Your plate of olives is like a plate of olives, heavenly aroma building my hunger for you. 

Distance makes the heart grow fonder love, and next time I find myself in Tempe, we will be as though we never parted. Wait for me.

Your dearest,
Nathan "Bear Hands" S.
Their greek salad made me feel bad about every other greek salad I had eaten elsewhere.  It was brilliant.  I'm especially impressed by the fat feta cheese cubes.  It's like buying a huge salad and getting a block of cheese and side of olives for free.
The Haj is a dope spot.  You can shop here and eat.  It's very very affordable.  I like to hit it up for lunch when I'm short on ends.  They use the bomb feta, which you can buy in a tin.   It's Veg friendly, and their Gyros are good.  Thumbs up!
Haji is by far one of my favorite lunch places in the area. The staff is always on top of their game and the food is consistently great. Maybe the owners feed the staff hummus before their shift. I don't know what the secret is behind their food and staff but it's a fantastic place to go. 

They serve the most delicious tongue ever. Their lamb tongue is mild in flavor, very tender, and compliments a side of some of the creamiest and most flavorful hummus I've ever eaten. 

Haji-Baba is a great place to go for lunch and for authentic Middle Eastern groceries. If you haven't gone you're missing out. If you do go you have to try their tongue. As they say you won't stop talking about it.
I've eaten here a couple of times before.  The first time, less than two years ago, I ordered the chicken shawarma entree (complete with pickled veggies, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita).  Many of the chicken pieces were still uncooked that I could hardly chew it, and some were still blood-red!  When I started to complain about about this to my server, he acted as if no one has ever complained about the food here before.  He left, and he came back with whom I thought was the cook, who had acted even more offended about my accusation of the meat being uncooked.  He mentioned something about how everything is timed perfectly in the oven, but he offered to bring a new dish out.  Twelve minutes later (yes, I time these things), a slightly more cooked dish of chicken was laid out in front of me.  I decided I'd salvage what I could and just chalk it up to a bad day.  My favorite things in that entree were the pickled veggies and the garlic sauce.  Oh my... the garlic sauce!!  

A few days after that, I brought my Mom with me for dinner.  We ordered the lamb kabob entree to share.  She wasn't impressed with the kabobs, since she had Byblos' lamb shanks on the brain (Byblos' lamb is pretty good, we think).  It was official- the hummus here leaves much to be desired.  However, I still thought the garlic sauce was fantastic!  Tastes great with the tabouli/tabouleh (both are correct).

Fast-forward many, many months to two days ago, I decided to order take-out for Mom and me- chicken shawarma sandwich, no pickle (tomatoes, lettuce, and garlic sauce in pita); gyro, no pickle, no cucumber sauce (lamb meat and lettuce in pita); and gyro with everything for Mom.  Why did it take me all this time to finally order these sandwiches to-go?  Both types are must-tries: the shawarma is a popular choice of many here, and all it takes is one bite for you to know why.  The sauce and garlic schmear combo is to-die-for!  And one would think that a pita with only lamb meat and lettuce sounds too simple to be so tasty, but it is!  The meat is so moist and tender, you really don't need any condiment.  Trust me.  Heck, don't trust me and order one plain and one with the works and judge them yourself; Most of the sandwiches costs less than $4 each!  

BTW, you may elect to have whole wheat pita instead of the plain normally used.  You may also take Haji-Baba pitas home (made at the Haji-Baba bakery on Apache east of the restaurant); you may find them on the register counter.  

You may pay for your take-out in advance and then wait for it to be prepared, or you may want to check out the grocery aisles as you're waiting and pay for everything at the end.  I suggest the chocoholics check out the Swiss chocolate bars here!  I've tried a few brands, and I just love the Milka brand: milk chocolate with whole hazelnut, milk and creamy white layered, plain milk chocolate.  (I love dark chocolate, but couldn't find one allergen-free.)  The flavors are so creamy and you can definitely taste the great quality ingredients used.  There are cheaper brands sold here, but a not-so-quick glance (you may or may not find English among the five or so languages listed on the back) will reveal that other vegetable fat, not cocoa butter, is used.  Go for the "good chocolate" brands; At two dollars or less a bar, you can leave with a goodie cache without having to spend much cash.  

You'll most likely find something in the grocery you'll want to buy, so don't forget to remember to pick up your take-out order.  The chances of you forgetting about food, however, are slim since that is all you'll be thinking of the moment you walk into the place... the food aromas are mouth-watering!
This place is always near the top of my list of places to dine when I'm visiting my old Arizona stomping grounds.  

It's fast, it's healthy, it's cheap, and they have best pita bread around.  They have about 7836487236 different kinds of fresh baklava in their case by the register; I go for the pistachio, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  

I always order the chicken kabob with tabouli instead of their regular green salad; their hummus is killer.  

The restaurant is half-grocery store and half restaurant (well, more like 1/3 restaurant and 2/3 store), and you can get everything from henna and dry lentils and spices to fresh feta, freshly-baked pita and DVDs.  It's a one-stop Persian shop!  

LOVE.
tasty, cheap and a grocery store.  also, friendly, fast service.
the falafel sandwich is great, they make a mean foul medammas and like a million kinds of baklava!
What an absolute delight! 

Stepping into the tiny grocery/cafe, i was washed in delicious smells of curry and every imaginable spice. My dad chose this place for dinner as it conveniently sells leg of lamb (our family's traditional Christmas eve main course). 

Myself, my dad & mom, my sister and 7-year old niece found a relatively comfortable table and set up shop. While we waited for menus, my sister & I eagerly gazed at the shelves of exotic foods just a few paces away. After selecting a wide variety of menu items, my sister and I bolted for the grocery area while my dad entertained my niece. 

My sister found some curry pastes and I goggled at the biryani rice mix, the watermelon jam, and the super-cheap olive oil. I love places like this! 

Our meal came quite quickly, so we barely made it through the 3 small aisles. We rushed back to the table to dig in. 

I ordered a gyro on the side to keep for lunch the next day (was it really $3.50 for this massive thing??) My mom ordered a falafel sandwich (she's a vegetarian most of the time), dad started in on his shwarma sandwich (the beef was shredded and tasted like machaca; very flavorful!). My niece is a picky eater but our server accommodated and instructed the kitchen to create a "chicken-on-a-stick." She had a disbelieving, almost grossed-out, expression on her face when it was placed before her (it was basted in a mild yellow curry). After trying the meat, she devoured most of it (we were SO proud!). 

The piece d' resistance was the combo platter that my sis & I shared. Gyro meat with the lovely cucumber sauce, 2 falafel (some of the best I've ever had, light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth), a huge serving of taboli (sp?) salad, 2 warm dolmas (delicious!), an odd little tasty cake (i know it has a name but I'm too lazy to search for it) that had seasoned ground beef sandwich between layers of a slightly sweet wheat cake. Finally, my favorite, the deep fried beef eggroll. The meat was amazingly seasoned but the wrapping was that sweet dough. My sister described it as "pumpkin pie except with beef." Weird combo, but Divine!!! 

I'm going back & taking my friends....there are 5 kinds of baklava that we have to try!!!
Everyone's right -- there's not much of an ambience at this 2/3-grocer 1/3-restaurant nestled away in a stripmall, but what Haji-Baba lacks in ambience, it more that compensates for in fresh, delicious, authentic Middle Eastern food.  My boyfriend and I split the non-veggie combination platter, and everything was fantastic: the falafel was light and fluffy, on par with the NY street vendor fare I'm accustomed to, and the gyro was so delicious that I managed to finagle 3/4 of it away before he noticed there'd been more under a piece of hummus-y lettuce.

I would not recommend it for a first date -- hipper joints like Pita Jungle across the street would better fit the bill -- but if you're in a comfortable relationship and craving a delicious meal after a long day's ridiculous lightrail experiment, Haji-Baba's got your back.  And your belly...
Can't beat it.  Best gyro and chicken shawarma in town!  The staff is nice and the prices are great.
Haji Baba is good. Not exceptional, but good. I don't understand all the fuss about this place, kind of like Fez where everyone raves about it and I just don't get it, so maybe it is me. 

There is no atmosphere to speak of, what so ever, not that its a bad thing. The place is sectioned off into two portions, one a dining area, and one a grocery store. We were seated at one of the tables in the grocery store, like.... IN the grocery store. No complaints here, I find something oddly comforting about eating in a place like this.

The food was good, hummus though was very good. We had a nice array of salads, gyros, shwarmas, hummus, spanikopita, baklava, etc. All sorts of shit was at the table, and it was all good, but none of it made me go oh man this is the best I've ever had. 

I'd return for two reasons, one is the price. Dinner for 4 with more than we could eat was less than $30. reason two is the great service. We didn't more than 5 minutes for ANYthing. They are quick here, and very accommodating.
One of the most ironic things about this place is that it's a stone's throw away from Pita Jungle, yet they're completely different restaurants.

At Haji-Baba the exquisite architecture and the scantily-clad waitresses, don't get factored into your bill. Basically because there aren't any.

It's basically a dive attached to a market.

I love the decor at Pita Jungle but I can't make that justify the food prices.

You can order a appetizer at Haji's that can serve as your meal or just a simple gyro which comes served in tin foil.

The iced tea is great and the baklava comes in more flavors than Baskin Robbins has ice cream.

This place is also a fave of many college students.

One thing I can't understand about Haji's is the service. It's kinda like they don't care. Clearing tables is more important to them than taking care of patrons already at a table. Many times I've gotten up and refilled my own drink. 

Prices are low, food is good but check the hours before you go. It doesn't keep standard restaurant hours and I think it takes Sundays off. Odd.
I stop in here about once every other week. I first discovered this place in the mid 1990's through an old friend. 

They have very friendly staff. The chefs are the best.

 I love their chicken kabob plate. I always ask for extra tomatoes and cukes on my salad. Also ask for a extra pita with a side of gyro sauce. Try dipping the chicken kabob pieces in the gyro sauce. 

Some people don't need "atmosphere" to enjoy really good food!! I think Haji would lose it's way if it was a place to see and been seen! Its better to just sit back, relax a little and savor the flavors. Expect about a 15-20 minute wait for that Chicken Kabob to arrive. Its never rushed and I have NEVER had to send anything back.
You know when you absolutely adore a restaurant and it's like they don't even know you exist? Like you're in some endless John Hughes film where you never, ever get to that final birthday cake scene? I hate unrequited love. 

But at Haji Baba, the feeling's alllll mutual, baby. 

No, really. They love me. I swear. Stop laughing. 

The bestest service, the nicest chitchat and the friendliest not-creepy flirting. And, of course, the most delicious hummus (with a pickle on top).

OK, so maybe everyone gets the hummus. But does everyone get a big smile and a compliment from the kitchen staff? 

Maybe it's because I always stop by after work, gussied up in heels and other lady-things. Maybe it's because I tip on takeout orders. Always. Or maybe it's just because I shop the store like I mean it: canned goods, feta, olives, pita, maybe some naan, baklava, wacky Eastern European chocolate, baba ganoush, spices, pistachios, etc. etc. etc. Not to mention the dirt-cheap, super-tasty kebab, shwarma and koubideh. 

And while Haji Baba may be the Sam Schoeffling to my Molly Ringwald, Long Duk Dong has never made an appearance during my meal.
When I first moved to Tempe, I was told by my friend who has lived in Tempe all of his life that this was the first place I had to check out and had to get their Gyros. From a grocery store/sit down store? A place called Haji-Baba? On Apache and McClintock? What? Surely you can't blame me for doubting his convictions. 

One day we finally went in. I looked at the menu full of foreign foods and was overtaken by fear. "What is all of this shit?", I thought to myself. Of course, this was just a sign of how uncultured I was (and still am). Luckily, my friend took the work out of deciphering the menu and ordered a gyro for me. We got it to go. 

I opened up my gyro and saw huge chunks of meat. You know those places that have gyros with thin, insulting, child sized strips of meat? Yeah, this isn't one of those places. This is a gyro for a grown man. So, good start, right? I took a bite. It was... amazing. Their feta cheese, onions, and meat combined for one of the best foods I have ever tasted to this day. It was messy, juicy, the meat was packed so thick that it was difficult to eat (all positive notes), and wow, it was just brilliant. You know that feeling you get when you walk into BevMo for the first time and realize you're in alcohol heaven? When you realize you've stumbled upon something special and that you'll be back again and again? Yeah, that's the feeling.

I ate at Haji Baba's again the next day. And about twice every week for a month afterwards. Later I learned that their "Deluxe" gyro is even better. I also discovered that they have some kickass foods in there. Special mention goes out to the chocolates..

Unfortunately, I still haven't tried anything else on the menu. This is probably a result of a combination of me being terrified of the menu due to having no idea what those other foods are, and me internally weighing out the risk of eating an average or only above-average food as compared to eating one of my favorite food items in existence. Easy choice.

I've never sat down to eat at Haji-Baba, but when getting the food to go there has never been a problem. The workers are friendly enough for satisfaction without being friendly to the point of irritation or perceived pretentiousness. There's also never a line and it's $3-4 for a Gyro. God damn I love this place.
While I was eating I thought to myself ah Haji-Baba is just a four star. The food was good, not blow my mind great, but good. What did it for me was the price, whoa I couldn't believe how cheap everything was. Insane prices! And decent food as well, with out a doubt worth trying for yourself.
Authentic (I guess... what do i know? ) middle eastern food.  Usually pretty crowded at lunch time tho.
Haji Baba's elegancy and efficiency is best expressed in a style mimicking Ernest Hemingway's famous six-word short story:

Falafel sandwich. $2.99. Delicious. Bring friends.
Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.  

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.

I love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.

The meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.

We then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.

I took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.

I did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.

I was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.

All in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.

Oh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )

Anyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.
good, authentic, cheap middle eastern food.  The restaurant is attached to a market so you can pick up some goodies for later as well.
As a Child of the Mediterranean- 
I personally did not like the food here, their baklava though MAKES up for it immediately! So skip lunch and go straight for dessert-
I stop by Haji Baba to stock up on all the basics like pita bread, labne, tahini, hommus, spices, ect. Their prices are pretty good.
Everyone is friendly at this store and willing to help you find what your looking for!
Busy, friendly service, good food, super cheap prices, awesome lemonade.  I think that about sums it up.  After 48 reviews I can't really think of anything that hasn't been said, or even anything witty or crude, so I'll leave it at that.  I had the kafta plate with rice and a lemonade for less than $10 and loved every bite.
Chicken shawerma...

Chicken shawerma...

Chicken shawerma...

Sorry, I may have gotten a little distracted there.

Every time I think of Haji Baba I think of three things: their chicken shawerma plate (which is to die for, as in, I would throw myself in the path of a bullet if it meant I could get some), their delicious lemonade, and the store that's attached to the restaurant which always has new discoveries.

I don't get to go here that often since it's a little far away, and until recently the light rail construction traffic made getting there a pain. But when I do I get that chicken shawerma and I tell myself I can eat all of it. Then I eat half of it and box the rest of it up and have a delicious lunch the next day.

I hope this place never closes. NEVER.
Had the regular sample plate and the vegetarian sample plate. Great hummus, falafel, and lamb. Chicken and gyro meat were ok but not awesome. I could not believe how tasty the meat was. Delicate blend of spices where no one thing is overpowering; a symphonic balance of flavors that melds perfectly. 

Their iced tea is refreshingly strong, with more than a hint of cinnamon. Guys behind the counter at the to-go/deli are quite opinionated and will not hesitate to steer customers toward their favorites. I like that.
Haji Baba is a top notch middle eastern grocery store and lunch spot!  They offer all of the Mediterranean favorites for a very reasonable price.  Although I have my favorite Mediterranean places for different dishes, I come to Haji Baba when I want a quick, cheap bite.  You can dine in for under $7 and get in and out in less than 30 minutes.  

The ambiance is typical of the standard hole-in-the-wall middle eastern eatery.  During lunch time it gets busy, I have seen people waiting for a table to open up.  The wait staff is a loyal bunch that has worked there for years and it is always nice to see their familiar faces.  The hummus is good and the kalamatas are always a delicious treat.  I highly recommend ordering the homemade pita (not on the menu) with your hummus or your pita sandwich....Haji's finest:)  The Greek salad leaves much  to be desired as it consists solely of iceberg with the usual Greek veggies.  Eat here for the sandwiches or plates, not the salads.  In the grocery you can get a variety of inexpensive spices, olive oil, fresh olives, feta and many other tantalizing treats.  And don't forget to try one of the many different types of Baklava that they make as you are checking out!!  My favorite is the almond or the pecan....yummm!
their baklava is to KILL FOR !!! Some of the best I've had, and I've lived in the Middle East- Crunchy, Sweet (without being too overbearing), Flakey and Buttery Rich!! Pecan (not traditional) is my fav, followed by walnut, almond and pistachio -- They should have a pine nut version (snobar) made with real lebanese pine nuts !!! mmmm

I limit myself to one piece, if I had it my way I would take the whole tray, but I want to fit through my front door so I'm keeping tabs!
This place is probably the cheapest middle eastern food in town. I love it. If you're on a shoestring (read ASU students), then you can have a meal here for under $5. I suggest the falafel sandwich (about $2.75, and filling) and maybe an order of babaganouj if you're looking for a complementary side. Delicious.
I managed to beat  the lunchtime crush of people heading to Haji Baba by about ten minutes.  I had already placed my order.  My plate of hummus and my yogurt soda was just arriving when I noticed the place was now packed, and a line of people was waiting for a table.

Two obviously out-of-town ladies sat at the table nearest me.  They used loud, awed, slightly bemused voices that hinted they were from the Midwest and had never been "out West" before.

"... couldn't BELIEVE the TRAFFIC!" one was saying as they sat down.  "We waited fifteen minutes on the street before we could even turn into the campus!"  ASU was having their Student Load-In week; traffic was hellish anywhere near the university.
"It was no better when we unloaded Nicole's things," the other woman said.  "We were right in the middle of carrying in everything, and a security guard stopped us an told us we couldn't --"
"Would you like something to drink?" the waiter asked, surprising them both.
They gave him their orders, after asking "what kind of pop" they had.  Definitely Midwestern.  The waiter walked away, and they continued staring at the menus as they assumed looks of deep confusion.
"What is ... shum ... shoe-marmy?"
"Shoe-arma?  Shuh, warma?"
"What IS that?"
"I have no idea.  But it comes in a sandwich."
"Like, on bread?"
"It says on a pita."
"Oh .... But isn't a pita a cracker?"
"What about ... baba gub .... Bana gaboosh?"
"Where?"  The friend pointed at the other's menu.  "Oh my.  Bagga boo ... goosh?  Excuse me?  Sir?"  I realized she was talking to me.  "Do you know what this is?"  She pointed at her menu.
"Baba gannouj," I said.  I kind of enjoyed the look of fear that crossed their faces, as though I were uttering a phrase that would summon a lesser demon.  "It's eggplant dip, kind of lemony.  Kind of like hummus.  You dip pita into it.  It's great."  As I spoke, I watched her eyes grow huge as she saw my glass of fizzy, thick white yogurt soda.
"I've never even HEARD of that!" the other woman said.  "What's this fluffoofal?"  
"Felafel," I said, and the fact that I avoided laughing then should earn me some kind of award.  "They're fantastic here, lots of great spices ... have you had felafal before?"  
They hadn't, of course, and I was at a loss to explain it.  I decided the shwarma or the gyros were probably too "exotic," so I recommended the chicken kebab pitas.  My koobideh plate arrived then, prompting another couple of baffled, wide-eyed stares.  I told them to be sure and get a couple pieces of baklava for dessert, since it's better, fresher, and half the price of anywhere else nearby.  They agreed, but I got the impression it was more due to the fact that they had heard of baklava before than my recommendation.

Judging by the yummy noises coming from their table as they ate, they enjoyed their kebabs.

I had to withhold a star, as much as I love Haji Baba, because it does not have the best shwarma I've found.  It's very, very good ... but not the best.
The cheapest and tastiest middle eastern food in Arizona. Period. There was a time I ate here 2 meals a day 3 to 4 times a week and I'm still in love 6 years later. 

Next to mahmoun's in NYC this is the 2nd best falafel I've had and the Gyro deluxe is freaking amazing. If you're coming for classy restaurant experience then what the hell are you doing at a market in a run down strip mall? The ambiance is that of an ethnic market/cafe which is awesome!
I have eaten at Haji's many times. The handmade pita is wonderful and the food is usually good. We have gotten the chicken shwarma, hummus, mixed paltter, gyros, olives, baklava, falafal, etc, etc. The thing that is a drawback for me is, well a couple: It is a restaurant on one side and grocery market on the otehr stide. The market is often cluttered and I am not overwhelmed by cleanliness. The other thing that really bothered me was the large jars of olives for people to serve themselves. I saw a guy reach into each of them with his hands and taste one from each jar. When I said something to him, he told me it was fine and basically blew me off. I thought it was disgusting and so I do NOT eat the olives! I have since taught myself to make a lot of my favorite dishes, but still love the bread. As far as handicap accessibility, I would have to look again, I know you must step up from the parking onto the sidewalk curb.

Update, I went there a couple weeks ago and everything was hot or cold as it should be and delicious!!!!! Yum, I am ready to go back!!!
Well I guess I'm going to be in the minority here and say that I was somewhat disappointed.  Not too much, but a little.

It is ridiculously inexpensive, and for the money, I thought the food was decent.  We started with the homus.  I didn't think it was great, but it was okay.  The pita bread it was served with was nothing special, similar to the pita pockets from any supermarket.  The Arabic bread my lunch was served with was much better, a soft flat bread.  I had the chicken shawarma plate which was served with rice and tabouli.  The tabouli was very good, although I don't much care for tabouli in general...or rice.  So I'm not sure why I ordered the plate instead of the sandwich.  Maybe I just wanted to see more food on my plate.  That sounds like me.  The flavor of the shawarma was good, but I was really disappointed in the chicken.  It was everything from larger chunks of meat to itty bitty little scraps, mostly scraps.  But again, dirt cheap so you can only complain so much.

We also browsed in the grocery part and picked up some packaged goodies and 2 pieces of baklava.  Probably some of the best baklava I have had!  They were out of the pecan variety, but there was also almond, pistachio, and cashew to choose from.  It was something crazy like a buck a piece.

Overall, I'm glad we went, and I would go again.  But I don't know I would go out of my way unless their dinner menu is different than the lunch menu, or I was seeking out the baklava.
Back when I was amongst the working class before the housing market crashed and builders still needed interior designers to do their model homes, we ordered a lot of lunches a lot of times (seriously, a lot) from Haji. Really, when you order that often, you can just call it Haji. You're free to take that artistic (or maybe culinary) liberty.

Everything I've had is good but I always lean towards the vegetarian choices and often would get the vegetarian plate (I think that's what it's called) with hummus, baba ganush, dolmas and tabbouleh. My husband loves their rosewater lemonade and often stops here to pick some up after the zen center on Sundays. If you haven't been in here, they're not just a restaurant. They stock all kinds of middle eastern grocery items. I even found some of my favorite Belgium berry and raisin filled biscuit cookies. I bought them all. I haven't seen them outside of Belgium. Belgium and Haji-Baba's. Go figure.
Absolutely my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Cheap prices for great food. Before becoming a vegetarian, my favorite thing to get here was the chicken shwarma plate - and although I have a huge appetite, I still was able to take plenty home for the next day. Now, a falafel plate or pita is the way to satisfy my hunger! Make sure to try their hummous and tabouli! Their baklava is unbelievably good - the almond and pecan varieties are my favorites. 

Be sure to check out the grocery section as well - super cheap bulk spices, rice, and legumes (lentils, etc); as well as lots of items necessary for middle eastern and indian cooking. 

In all of my years of eating here, I've only once had to wait longer than ten minutes for my food. Usually, it takes less than five, sometimes less than three minutes of time between when I place my order and when it's making its way into my stomach.The employees and servers here are some of the nicest people I've ever met. It only takes a few visits for them to remember you and your favorite thing to eat. I can't recommend Haji Baba's enough.
If you like Hummus, Falafel, Salad, Chicken, Lamb, Cheap awesome food, great middle eastern markets, tziki, or anything else good in this world.  Then go to Haji-Baba.  They have the best lunch specials.  Their falafel pita is probably the greatest deal in history.  I lived off this for a time.
A true diamond in the rough! I was very impressed by this restaurant, and also surprised that I had never even seen it. I'm not sure if the complex is new but its pretty well camouflaged. 

The food was VERY good. It came out in large portions and very quickly. They offer the usual Mediterranean fare, I ordered the Gyro plate, Georgeann G had the lamb tongue sandwich, and we each also had a stuffed grape leaf. The stuffed grape leaves we served hot (which was a first) but they were HUGE compared to others I've had. The Meat was cooked to perfection (the lamb tongue was surprisingly very tasty) and the sides were freshly prepared as well. 

Words of advice: go with the sandwich instead of a plate. The plate came with about 2 pounds of rice that was completely not needed (and the total price would've been much less if ordered separately). If you still want more, add a side salad or something.

The prices were very good and the service was nothing to complain about. It was hard to resist the baklava by the register, and we ended up taking a piece of cashew baklava to go (which was heavenly). 

I'm glad I've had a chance to check this place out, and I will definitely go back.
wow and wow. the restaurant lives up to all of the raves. i would return. again. and again as long as i keep visiting PHX + Scottsdale. I hope these folks never go out of business.
delightful hole in the wall. Have eaten here countless times, and the food is absolutely consistent, delicious, and amazing, regardless of when, or what you order. Waiters are great, funny, friendly, and remember your face. Prices are SO LOW and the food is SO SO SO SO SO SO good. I'm totally lucky to live near this gem!
I have to say, I've had WAY better middle eastern food. If it wasn't for the price and the fact that my significant other adores the place, I'd probably never eat here. 

The service has always been good, even when packed. Their pitas are decent and for less than $4 for an entire meal, you can't go wrong. However, their actual dishes have left much to be desired. 

I'm not a fan of their hummus, AT ALL. In fact I think it's bland and tasteless. Their garlic sauce is made with mayo which isn't my favorite. I personally think it's tastier when it's just mashed garlic. The chicken shawarma just didn't do it for me, however I have enjoyed the kafta plate on more than one occasion. Overall, it's not the worst I've had but definitely nowhere near the top of Middle Eastern restaurants in the valley.
If you're looking for middle eastern food in Tempe, this is a must. While the food can be slightly blander at times than some over-spiced alternatives the menu options are all delicious, the food has an authentic taste to it, and is packed with flavor.  Great venue and one of Tempe's cornerstones.
Was in town visiting friends and they wanted to take me here for a quick lunch. Cafeteria style place so don't expect anything special in terms of ambiance or chit chat from the servers.

Tabouli and lamb tongue sandwich were excellent, especially for the price. One of my friends ordered a plate and it was huge. I'd definitely come back.
As a newcomer to broadening my food horizons, and one who is on a budget, I found Haji Baba perfect for reasonably priced middle eastern food.  The attached international foods mini mart is also a plus.  Delicious chicken schwarma and great hummus.
This place had the cheapest and best falafil (that is how they spell it) pita of anywhere in town.

The falafel was moist, flavorful the lettuce was fresh and there was a copious amount of sauce to cover it. The pita was a bit thin but that can be over looked. At under $3 it might be worthwhile to get two. 

As for the hummous we had on the side, it was a great texture but a bit low on flavor. Make sure you order an extra pita and it comes with just one. 

We got the order to go so we did not really have any service to review.  

When you first walk in you are assaulted by the smells of many spices and many other alien things to most Americans. 

There is an attached small market full of spices, and exotics foods and flavored tobaccos for those under 21 who seek a vice. The counter is full of many types of balaclava and olives.

If you want a great falafel pita at a good price, be brave and stop in. Just leave your Pro Bush / Israel gear in the car.
Best middle eastern food I've ever had. 
grocery/ restaurant. 
Shish-kabob plate with a rosewater lemonade is my standby.
Amazingly cheap and great Middle Eastern food. Warm homemade pita bread. Buckets of feta. Trays and trays of bakhlava. There's really nothing not to love here. Do be wary of the lunch crowd though, as on weekdays, the place can get pretty busy, especially if you're dining in (though you can always takeout and it's just as easy and fast).
Maybe it's the midwestern in me, or maybe I'm just not very adventurous, because when it comes to middle eastern food, it don't have a clue as to what's what. But I've been to Haji Baba a couple times now and have not only found things on the menu I can identify, I found things that are really good!

1. their hummus is really good and their pitas are nice and fresh.
2. the chicken shwarma is also really good, flavorful without being weird.
3. I've never been a big falafel fan, at most places it seems really dry to me, but theirs is not dry, yet not greasy, has a good flavor and is complimented nicely with the tahini sauce.

On my last visit I ordered the falafel (three balls) and a side of rice. They gave me a huge plate of rice, more than I could eat. Between that and the falafel I was full and satisfied. 

And like everyone else says, it's cheap, which is always a bonus.
Don't let the appearance of this place fool you, they may be part of a grocery store, but they make good stuff.  they have a good chicken sherwama, that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  A good appetizer would be the dormades (rice wrapped in grape leaves), followed by the chicken sherwama plate and a cup of their nice and thick turkish coffee.  The plates comes with a generous serving of taboili, hummus, rice and meat.  For the price, its definitely worth a visit.  Can be crowded during lunch times.
I went here recently with some co-workers for lunch. I was very impressed. It is just a small hole-in-the-wall type place, those are the best. I ordered a chicken schwerma plate. Generous portion of marinated grilled chicken, hummus, delish rice and a heap of tabouleh. The food was great, fresh, hot and delicious. I also has a rosewater lemonade, what a treat!  My friends ordered the gyro plate and both were quite happy.
This is what happens when I go to Haji Baba: They give me a huge Gyro with TONS of delicious meat and HUGE chunks of feta cheese, a side of hummus, warm pita bread, AND a dolmade, I give them $6.  I really feel like I'm ripping them off, but it's not like intentionally stealing from them, I'm just paying what they want me to. And god I love them for it.

The atmosphere is... are you seriously concerned with the atmosphere at a freaking gyro place? Did you not read the part about delicious gyro meat and huge chunks of feta cheese? Well, it's slightly more upscale than a cart in the middle of the sidewalk. By "upscale" i mean indoors.  Sometimes they have tables and chairs for you to sit on, sometimes they put the chairs on top of the table so you don't. Sometimes they have servers to take your order, sometimes you have to order from the counter. It's all a crap shoot. What's not a crap shoot is that you are getting a heaven in a pita for less than $5. Freaking incredible.
Ok, people. This place is legit.

You walk in and are immediately inundated with a luscious mix of spice and sweet, and all loads of niceness.

You sit and you order off their double-sided laminated menu and you wait. You're hungry as hell and you've got a tenner burning a hole in your pocket.

And then they arrive and you squirm up until the first bite. Then, it's like an explosion of all things holy inside your mouth (That's what she said!).

Their hummus is amazing, feta cheese is da bomb! (I only use this saying in SER-ious situations), and, beyond the food, their service is primo.

Always smiling, the servers will answer your questions kindly, especially if you're a first timer or non-frequenter.

The atmosphere might seem a bit unorganized, but who gives a shit. This place has good food, and if you're coming here for atmosphere, you're not coming for the right reasons. The bathrooms are always clean, albeit tucked away oddly, but whatevs.

I've gone here with vegan and meat-eating friends alike, and all at once (ask me about it, it's quite a story), and we've all come out with both our faces and stomachs happy.

The one kicker: they only do take-out on Sundays. But don't let that stop you, and trust me, it won't. Go, and enjoy.

P.s. Their regular coffee (not Arabic coffee, a.k.a. mud in a cup) is damn-well near perfect if it's up to me. Straight without milk or sugar (and I like my sugar with coffee and cream, thank you Beastie Boys!), this coffee is delicious.
This is absolutely the best place to go for a tasty and cheap Middle Eastern lunch. Its lemonade is to die for, and its falafel is my favorite. Afterward, I always like to check out the market, and buy an exotic sweet. Its low prices, casual vibe, and proximity to campus make it a favorite of the ASU community. 

Tip: Buy a bottle of rose water and add a capful or two to your homemade lemonade. Mmm-mm.
Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!  P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!   P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
If not THE, then one of the best chicken shwarma dishes I've had. Just the right degree of succulent and tender. And the garlic, yogurt sauce that comes with it is almost like crack. The jasmine rice was perfect in its softness and saltiness. Taboule was good and the pita was mmm..mmmm...good. Hummus was awesome too. Definitely going back to work my way down the menu. My friend who recommended it said she'd never had any bad item there. I totally believe her.
This place is a gem. The food is amazing. It's cheap. The service is good. My favorite part? The place never changes. I can walk through the door and Ali already knows my order. The Chicken Shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious. The chicken is seasoned perfectly and comes with a yummy little dollop of garlic sauce. I've never found better hummus in my life. I've had it all around town, in New York, in L.A. (ick...L.A. *shudder*). SO good! The iced tea has a hint of rose water. OH and the gyro? Hands down, the best in town.

Did I mention they have a market attached? Talk about the best price on spices in town! The spices come in little plastic sealed pillows, so get some spice jars from Ikea and stock up!

I couldn't get through this without mentioning the lamb tongue. I am no connoisseur of organ meats, but this sandwich is like the most tender lamb you've ever had in your life. Shut up and try it.

The only sad part about Haji's is that they close early. Usually 8pm on a week-night, but totally worth getting to-go orders if you can swing in on your way home from work!
Haji-Baba is a restaurant/grocery store. Very casual and modest place, all they care for is giving us good food.
When I think of good middle-eastern food in Arizona, Haji-Baba is what comes in my mind. 
Their price is very cheap compared to the quality of the food. I like their filafil sandwich n shawarmas. I also tried their combo plate which is like hmmm...hmmmm..hmmnnmm.. :) 
Anyone who craves for middle-eastern food should try it out.
This place is off the hook, the only reason Im giving it a 4-star is because one time they had some soda machine problem and didn't have the soda, service is not very welcoming, place doesn't really look like a grand restaurant. But other than that food is good..
The place is nothing special, you can even think there is nothing going on there as it is almost hidden. Once you are in, you still won't believe there is something worthy. Sit and try one of their gyros, hummus or the vegetarian combo! All tasty and well served. After that you can check and buy some interesting to impress your friends next time!
This place has excellent food, fantastic hummus, all in a great, casual grocery-adjacent atmosphere.  I recommend the tongue sandwich, so delicious and tender, but there's no bad item on the menu.  If you're looking for a place to eat, just stop reading reviews and go there now and get some delicious food. Seriously.
This place has really good and really bad aspects to it.  The good is that most of the food is pretty good.  The bad is the service/overall friendliness.  

The hummus, babaganoush, gyros,  feta (of various varieties) are all great.

The falafel isn't great -- dense & tough without a huge amount of flavor.

My mother refers to the service as like the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld... don't ask for any favors.  For instance, we went on Sunday at 4:30pm,  Yelp says open until 5pm, the door says open until 5pm.  We went to the counter and they say  "sorry we close at 4:30" (we were there at 4:32).  Out of the "goodness" of their hearts, they give us salad and falafel and hummus but nothing else.

Anyways, the food would get 4* the service gets a 1*.   I'll be generous and give 3*.
Haji-Baba is unique by being both a restaurant and a store! As such, the restaurant is fairly small- so if you're up for some delicious middle-eastern food on a Friday afternoon, make sure you arrive early!

The prices are good, the selection is better and the food is great! I ordered the falafel plate which came with 4 falafels, a side of hummus, and I subbed the tabooli out for a salad. The portion size was pretty big, so I left quite full, and it was all delicous! I'll definitely be going back soon!
This place is absolutely AMAZING!!! Not only is it ridiculously cheap, but it is incredibly delicious, as well! My boyfriend and I went the other day for lunch and ordered the combo platter and a side of babaganoush-$12 total-We were both extremely satisfied and we came home with a huge takeout box(that I have been munching on all weekend) This place is a GEM and you should definitely check it out! I cant wait to go back again this week! Mmmmmmm....soooo tasty!
Good, fast, cheap food!  The falafil was great, all ingredients tasted fresh, and as a bonus they have a great little shop attached containing lots of things you can't get at your local grocer, from tobacco to spices & desserts.
If you're a Tempe/Mesa native or an ASU student or alum, then you probably know Haji-Baba. I, however, am neither and only recently discovered this awesome place by way of a recommendation on Twitter.

Since then, I've been there five times and have tried nearly everything on the menu. The food is delicious! Seriously, there hasn't been one thing I've tried that I haven't enjoyed.

On my first trip, I ordered the combination. I highly recommend doing this if you've never eaten here before. This plate gives you a great sampling of what their menu has to offer and a generous portion at that. It's easily enough for two people and, at only around $12, a great deal too.

On my most recent visit, I had the Gyro plate; again amazing! A very generous portion served with a delicious salad, a side of rice, and I topped the meal off with an Arabic coffee.

Haji-Baba is not really a secret and the place will get very busy at lunch time. If you want to eat there, go for an early or late lunch, otherwise you'll have to wait for a table; it's worth it!

They have a large menu and great prices, and if you don't have time to stay and eat, you can order to-go from the counter.

The staff do a good job, but their food is so good, I'd still eat there if a server punched me in the face every time I walked in the door.

If you haven't tried it, you need to go there. If you have, then you know just how great Haji-Baba is.
This is always a good choice! Get there early for lunch since this place fills up fast and seating is at a premium. I have never had anything here that wasn't good and portions are large and are easy to share. Staff is friendly, service is quick and prices are very fair. The grocery store attached is awesome for picking up some of the harder to find ingredients one might need for North African or Middle Eastern cuisine (Israeli cous-cous being the one I always get here).
This is absolutely the best Middle Eastern food in the valley.  It is inexpensive and perfect every time.  Must warn you about the wait..... if you want to get back to work in time eat early like 11:00 if your not there before 1:00 it is standing room only...... you can get a little shopping done as well it is also a small market.
Dare I say "the best" gyros of all time. Yes... yes I dare say "the best"... the best indeed!! Absolutely Fantastic!!!
This is a fabulous restaurant, very casual and it gets busy at lunch time but the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place for something a little different, I have been going here for more than 10 years!
I was very excited to go to Haji-Baba for the 5-star company; I had a lovely Monday lunch w/Bacon Boy. As for the food, it was more of a 3-star mixed bag.

We started with baba ghanouj, which was quite good. I went on to the chicken schwarma, which I adore, but was more like a chicken pita sandwich than I care for. I expect it to be more of a wrap. The chicken was sproingy and there was a ton of lettuce, but the non-sproingy chicken and the garlic sauce were flavorful.

So, I guess what I'd say is that a 5-star friend can save a 3-star meal any day.
I go here alot because its delicious and super affordable. Great Middle eastern food. You know a restaurant is great if they can serve Lamb and it tastes fantastic! Some tips..
Go with the 'hand made pitas!
I had no lunch plans and was looking for a new spot. Now I must admit that this was before I had been turned onto Yelp so I was still relying on colleague recommendations. 

Having grown up on Middle Eastern food any opportunity I get to take down an authentic Gyro I won't pass up. So my buddy Dan and I go to one of his old local favorites Haji-Baba. 

I order the Gyro and fries and was blown away. The price was cheap; the meat was well seasoned and thinly sliced. I hate it when they slice it too thick.

All in all I had a great time the only reason why it didn't get five stars is it took a while because it was slammed during lunch. But if you work anywhere near ASU in Tempe and are craving a good Gyro don't think twice...Haji Baba.
What a great little restaurant!  It is nothing fancy and certainly caters to an eclectic bunch of people, which I think is great!  The service was quick and the food was delicious!  I will certainly be back to eat here!

The store area is quite amazing, too!  When I need spices of ANY kind, this is where I'm going!  The variety is amazing and it is SO CHEAP compared to what you pay in the grocery store!  I'm excited that I found this little place!
Mmmmm.... Love this place! Make it a point to go here every chance I can! The vegetarian combo is my fave. Staff is always nice and polite and right on it... even at their busiest! Had lunch there last weekend again with a good friend... and although he is not generally adventurous when it comes to something other than meat and potatoes this has become one of his favorite places too... Now if I can get him to try something other than the beef schwarma! : )  
The food is consistently good, service is always good and the market is fun to browse in after a great meal!
I've eaten here a lot, and it always delivers quality food. I think it's interesting that I can't find better middleeastern /mediterranean food at any price than this dirt-cheap half-grocery store. I rate all other falafels, gyros, shawarmas, etc. against Haji-Baba, and they never stack up. I frequently find myself saying, "it's good, but it's not Haji good".
My de-facto place for Arab food.

I've been here regularly for meeting up with friends and bringing out-of-towners in . The food is always consistently filling and  tasty with flavors. I either go for the gyro wraps or full plates if I'm truly hungry.  The wall art is an interesting mix of Roman and Egyptian architecture. The table seatings is a no frill setting. Service is minimal. But great value for the price. 

The restaurant is shared with a Arab mini-market. Plenty of parking and only about 200 feet east of the light rail stop. It's located on the same shopping strip as  Khai Hoan Vietnamese restaurant so coming here creates a choice dilemma for me.
The falafel is some of the best in Tempe.  The gyro sandwiches are cheap and solid. They have a gyro deluxe sandwich which comes with feta. Good times. Yes, the lemonade rocks too.
i've never been upset at haji. never. it's super casual, located inside a middle eastern grocery. the food is fantastic. best falafel in town, hands down. the service is quick and efficient and the same faces have been working there for a long time. 

the portions are large, the hummus is great and so is everything else. as a vegetarian, i can't comment on the meat dishes, but my carnivorous friends are never disappointed. me + haji = pure love.
First time visiting Haji-baba and it was great!! The hummus was awesome and the fresh pitas were amazing.  I ordered the Chicken Shwarma plate and a glass of mango juice.  The portions were great for the price. The food was extremely tasty. I will be going back for more.
If you have yet to come to Haji Baba's, then you may not know why almost everyone is in consensus that this place is the bee's knees. 
I have yet to meet someone who has came to Haji Baba, and been disappointed..in fact I hope i never meet that person, cause they probably suck.
HB is THE best place to get mediterranea/middle eastern food. It's fast authentic and cheeeeaaaaappp!
The gyros and falafel will run you about ohh idk $2-$3
Everything on the menu is under or slightly hovering around/above $10
you can come here on a beggars budget and feast like a Turkish Sultan!
conveniently located along the lightrail, deliciously prepared like your eating at your friends grandma's house, and so ridiculously affordable.
The market side of HB's is full of goodies as well, be sure to browse on your way out/in.
hands down "woohoo! as good as it gets!" *****
Price is right on and food is pretty good too...I have been to Egypt, Israel and Jordan and had better food there but this was close!   I thought it strange they had no fries though...usually falafel, which is what I had, has fries in the sandwich...the falafel sandwich was only $2.35 and filling; cheaper than a taco bell 7 layer burrito and twice a good!
If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no.
 I'm so sorry to do this. I wanted this place to be the Gem that I just found at the pho place next door. It was not! Sooooo, let me get to it. First BEWARE the "yogurt soda" . This is definately something you would have to spend alot of time with. It is exactly what it says it is. Imagine plain, unsweetened yogurt, you drop in plain, unflavored unsweetened soda water in and then add a tablespoon of salt. Sound good. Fuck no! And it is not.  Next.....!
 Falafel: Meh! The croquettes could have been crispier on the outside and definately need a lot more flovor to these heavenly middle-eastern balls of goodness. The pickle was actually the best part.  The pita is NOT MADE FRESH!! Some reviews say they are but I can tell you the pita's came from a bag.
 Gyro: Meh! The reason for the cone shaped meat loaf of lamb and beef is so the outside cooks quickly buy turning past extremely high heat and the inside stays moist as it is sliced away from the cone. In my Gyro there were no cooke meat ends, in fact it was just inside Gyro meat. I assume this is because they are busy and the outside meat was never given a chance to cook up again.....you see the inside becomes the outsude every slice of the way. I did not have nearly enough tzatziki, no cucumbers, no olive, no red onion. All essential in creating a tasty ass Gyro. I still contend that Jay's Gyros in Tempe are supreme!! 
Lamb Tongue Sandwich: Lettuce, Tomato, Tongue wrapped in a bagged pita!! Boring. Dry. The Lamb Tongue is served in the pita WHOLE. I thought it would be sliced but it was'nt. Two little lamb tongue's boiled with ZERO flavor.
Baba Gahnoush: OK.........
Hummus: OK.......
(Pita Jungle has a much heartier flavor on both items)
Baklavah: We have a winner!!!! Some of the best I have tasted in recent memory. That will be my reason for a follow up. 
I thought it was cool that they sold prayer mat's. The service is ok, nothing bad and nothing over the top.
Well, I guess I suck, but I can't figure out why anyone would eat here when Tasty Kabob is right up the street. In fact, I can't figure out why anyone would eat here, period.

Went for lunch. Crowded; we got one of the last tables. Good sign, right? My response to that is always, "McDonald's is always crowded, too."

The wall next to my head was covered in former customers' meal splatter. Experience tells me that if the dining area and bathrooms aren't clean, the kitchen is 10 times worse. I forged ahead, undaunted.

The food came, and things got worse. Overcooked kabobs so dry, I could not work up enough saliva to break down the proteins. Had to swallow large hunks of meat. Bland, oily hummus and baba gannoush. Iceberg lettuce drowning in dressing. The only edible item was a gyro. Service was glum and perfunctory. 

I'm convinced the main reason people eat here, as with Mickey Dee's, is the price point. $3.29 for a hearty gyro is pretty astonishing. But I'd rather save my pennies so I can go to a place with clean walls and appetizing dishes.
I was first brought here by a friend from Saudi Arabia many years ago.  He didn't question my selection of burger joints, I didn't question his selection of Middle Eastern Food.  What this place lacks in decor and atmosphere, it makes up in flavor.    You literally eat in the middle of a small grocery market.  Bizarre?  Yes.  A deal breaker?  Not when these flavors await.    

We got a mixed platter that gave us a little of everything, and it was all quite good.The two of us took quite a bit of leftovers home.  I've always had a good meal each time I've gone here and if they had better hours I would go more often. 

Tempe is Phoenix's hub for Middle Eastern fare, and Haji-Baba is one of the best.
I can't believe I never before wrote a review of Haji-Baba.  I've literally been going here with varying regularity for most of my life.  I have probably tried most of the menu and never ever had a bad experience, but will admit that I probably fall back on the falafel sandwich more than half the time I go to Haji-Baba.  It really is the best falafel in town.

Additional tip, pick up some decadent baklava (several varieties) or other freshly made Mediterranean pastries and a package of the best pitas in town, along with some other ethnic groceries on your way out.  My promise: you will be happy to know about this place once you try it out.
haji - baba is great.  great food quick service,  low prices.  hidden gem yet always @ capacity ....  a change from other pita / med plate center eateries.
Fast food prices for big portions of delicious Middle Eastern food. 

I can't speak for the authenticity of any of the dishes, but the taste and quality are consistent every time I stop by. 

Service is quick considering that there is always a line during lunch hours.
The first time I sank my teeth into Haji Baba's falafel sandwich, I knew that I had found a winner. Already being a big fan of Phoenecia, I was a little hesitant at first to try Haji Baba, but I had a feeling that I would like it so I gave it a shot. There are three things that you absolutely have to try, and they are:

The falafel sandwich.

The gyro plate.

The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).

Like most of the reviews read, the falafels are some of the best around! They don't dry out your mouth and are loaded with flavor...not to mention that the sandwich is ultra cheap! As for the gyro plate, I have one thing to say...BEST GYRO MEAT IN PHOENIX! There, I said it. The meat is seriously succulent (you hear that about steak, not gyro meat!), no exaggeration. Just think of the best gyro meat you've ever tasted, but cut thick and served with some of the best tzatziki around. Remember to get the plate when you go and I don't think you will regret it. And lastly, try the dolmas. I say that because they are served here differently than any place in the valley that I've been to, and that is warm. Usually dolmas are served chilled and are brimming with strong sour and oily flavors, not these. Haji Baba's recipe is truly unique; it's mild, not sour and rich with flavor.  Get a small side of lebne to put on em and be prepared for your taste buds to do a little happy dance (not to be confused with the pee pee dance...taste buds don't pee).

There you have it! I finally, after years of going here, reviewed Haji Baba! Now, take it from me and the abundance of other reviewers and go here.
Oh, Haji-Baba, I love you.
The chicken shawarma plate is ridiculous.
The hummus? Perfection!
Your pita bread? Heaven!

My review, however, is based on take-out. I never eat at Haji-Baba. To me, HB is a place to grab a cheap, delicious lunch and take it back to the office to snack on throughout the day. The plates are so huge, they end up being all I eat all day. 
And my god, I could eat HB every.single.day!
Had the Gyro DLX and for $4.29 I couldn't have been happier. Generous size, thick chunks of lamb, lots of tzatziki & feta.
Loved it, I'd definitely go again!
Haji Baba, Haji Baba!  I've been wanting to eat here forever and finally had a chance. The dishes are delicious and provide a huge amount for a cheap price. I ordered the stuffed grape leaves that also comes with toubouli, hummus, and pita bread. It was so filling! The toubouli was made just right.  We ate in the actual restaurant, and the service was quick and the wait staff were polite and helpful (rather, sometimes they are polite and helpful depending...).  My friend ordered the Gyro with lamb and beef and said it was fantastic. The meat has slightly crispy edges with perfect spicy flavoring, based on what he had said.  We ordered baklava to go, and I'll definitely be back for more.  Apparently they don't make it there, but we still like it. 

The grocery store has some unique spices that are sometimes hard to find at regular grocery stores. There's also a take-out option.  However, I am not a regular and don't know any of the staff, so they weren't that nice when I was buying some groceries. Plus I am quite sure they overcharged me on the grapes. There was some discussion on price as two of the employees looked at me with frowning faces. What is that about?
Love everything about this place. Where else can I get my henna and get amazing food at the same time? I love the Arabic coffee and it was great, although it is an acquired taste. I almost want to laugh at the people in Pita Jungle every time I pass by there to come here. Big, soft pitas with delicious hummus. The falafel is moist and fried perfectly. All of my weird artsy farsty friends have been telling me to come here for some time now and I have to admit they were right. 

The jasmine rice is to die for, I had dreams about it later that night. The baklava comes in 7 different varieties and is always heavenly. On the other side there is a market and this place just screams home to me.
Can't. Stop. Thinking. About. Baklava.
Recently I received word that my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant Alladin's Kitchen closed its doors. This was, at least for me, the best place to get your Mediterranean fix including some of the tastiest stuffed grape leaves around. I can go on and on about how much I loved Alladin's but alas, I have to pick myself up and rise above this terrible loss. 

When a door closes a window opens and that window lead me right into the kitchen of Haji Baba. Situated along Apache Blvd in Tempe this spot is half restaurant and half Middle Eastern market and bakery, talk about a one stop shop. Upon entering, please feel free to seat yourself. On my visit there were menus already at each empty table. 

Scanning the menu the first thing I noticed was the Abali Yogurt Soda ($1.69). Having never tried this I was quick to get a glass full though the waiter seemed hesitant to bring it. Let's just say after the first sip yogurt soda is an acquired taste. While I liked the yogurt sourness the saltiness of the soda was way too much. Fortunately the waiter was observant and brought over a glass of iced water by his own accord. I have to tell you that the service here is attentive and friendly. 

The occasional juvenile in me snickered when I read the first item on the menu, Homos Tahini ($2.29), how appropriate. Joking aside, this was a beautiful puree of chickpeas, tahini or sesame seed paste, lemon juice and garlic. Usually this is served super garlicky elsewhere I was delighted to find this version to be well balanced and flavorful. Getting the same treatment as the homos, the Babaghanooj ($2.99) contains roasted eggplant instead of chickpeas. Both were dressed with olive oil and adorned with pickles and olives, were wishing for a glass of wine to compliment the appetizers, but they serve no liquor here.

Made from a mixture of fava beans and chickpeas, then pressed into patties and deep fried, the filling of the Falafil Sandwich ($2.69) was crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. The warm pita bread and the fresh lettuce and tomato made for really good eats, a must.

Kabob Koubideh ($7.49) sounds like quite a mouthful and let me tell you this, it was. Pounded ground meat marinated in onion juice, and then grilled to a juicy smoky excellence. The meat reminded me of a Middle Eastern take on chopped steak, sublimely tender. Along side was a huge pile of super light basmati rice, fresh hot pita and creamy yogurt salad. A sprinkling of sumac over the entire plate adds a slight sourness, which melds incredibly well with this type of food. 

Desserts are pretty much limited to Baklava ($1.29), but after such an amazing meal it was a real surprise that the sweet ending was a real disappointment. The nuts in each all tasted old with a slightly bitter rancidity to them. Selections ranged from pistachio, cashew and walnut with the later being the best, using the word "best" loosely. 

With meager prices, generous portions and outstanding service, Haji Baba will definitely begin to fill the void in my heart and my tummy.
Like Princess & Baiz Markets, this is a grocery store with a small cafe inside.  In this case, it's a nice cafe, with soft vocal music playing (in Arabic?), & you order from a regular menu at your table.

For this first visit, I just ordered a Gyro & a side salad from my friendly server.  The first absolutely amazing thing was the VERY LOW prices!  THEN, pretty soon, here came my order.  WOW! a full-sized dinner salad, & WOW!  Look at the size of this Gyro!  From there, it was on to WOW!  This is the best tasting Gyro I've ever eaten!  (In fact, it makes the short list of the best ANYTHING I have ever eaten!)

This stellar place rockets right to the top of my Middle Eastern "Favorites List", & I can't wait to go back!     :-))

Gyro $3.29, Salad $1.29!!!  Can you imagine?
I had been planning to visit this place for a while now, ever since it was recommended by Iain B several months back after my thoroughly disappointing experience at Chicago Gyros. I took the opportunity to have lunch here last Friday since the wife had an appointment at a tattoo place just around the corner, forcing us to drive all the way from Surprise. I was like "Holy sh1t, Haji Babas is supposed to be around here somewhere" while Google Mapping the tat shop location.

Now, I'm no stranger to dinge. I grew up in an "old" city, and Sydney and outlying suburbs has its fair share of dingy places, perhaps topped by Gould's Book Arcade in Newtown. First impression of Haji Babas is that it's a dingy, hole in the wall establishment. So far, so good right? Basically it's divided up into a mini ethnic supermarket featuring stuff like Cock Cola (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=1dl1l6baJJdY7q53V-V7uw) and Patak's, one of my favourite Indian marinade and grill sauce brands. Ibbida ibbida WHAT? Indian in an Arabic grocery? Yep, but that's not where the Indian surprises end - stay tuned! The other section has a selection of cheap tables and chairs, the likes of which made even the decor at Chino Bandido's look opulent by comparison. Still, I was quite comfortable with it all. We sat down and had a look at the menu. Lots of familiar stuff, so in order to make a good comparison with other similar places I've eaten at, I ordered the hummus dip and vegetarian platter.

First thing that struck me was that the initial babaghannoush plate was VERY good. Nothing beats the hummus/bbg from my home town's "Istanbul on King", but I'm going to say that this was probably the second best I've had - high praise from me - with lots of oil on top. The vegetarian platter was also quite good. It came with a side of raita, which was a little odd. No, it wasn't tzatziki. Although perhaps it was raitziki, or tzaita. The wife took one dip of it and proceeded to exclaim that it was the best raita she had ever had. I'd probably say that's true - it was just the right consistency, and had unusually large pieces of dill pickle in it. No, not cucumber. I did my cooldown test with the pita, it didn't get leathery (unlike Chicago Gyros') so another thumbs up there. I have two minor complaints, though. The dolmas were hot. I HATE hot dolmas, I don't know who invented the idea but all I've ever eaten for three decades in Oz has been the cold stuff. Never even KNEW they came in a heated variety until I arrived stateside. Perhaps the cold ones are an option, who knows. I'll find out next time I'm here. Because I'm definitely coming back. Last complaint, the falafels. They weren't as good as the Greek Wraps ones, and actually fairly salty. Strangely enough, my plate came with a small side of hummus, but it was different to what I'm used to - it had a yellowish tinge to it whereas typically it's a kind of off-white (added pinch of turmeric or saffron?) and the combo of falafels with it was a little too salty for my taste. Not enough to knock off a star though.

The wife had a chicken shishkabob with a giant amount of rice and salad - so much that she was stuffed and her plate didn't even look a quarter empty. Excellent value for money. I had a mouthful of her rice and would give it my vote for the most properly-cooked, fluffy basmati I've had in a LONG time. We did a once-through in the grocery area before we left and picked up some Patak marinades. And I couldn't leave without a piece of cashew baklava. Good, not the best I've had but pretty good. They have a couple of kid's chocolates up the front, the kid enjoyed that in the car despite getting half of it on his pants and the seat.

The prices are incredibly reasonable. I was seeing some things for three, four dollars. If it weren't for the fact that this place is almost 50 miles from where I live I'd eat here every few days. Why can't they open something like this in Surprise? We don't even have an INDIAN restaurant closer than eighteen or so miles away. You CenPho and Tempe locals should consider yourselves d4mn lucky.

Big thumbs up for Haji Babas. If the owners are reading this, set up another location in the west valley for pete's sake! I need to go back here and get a handle on the dips and tastes and stuff because evidently these guys are giving their own little spin to middle eastern cuisine, at least as far as my experience goes. If I'm still learning, that's a good thing. Next time I'm going to see what the difference is between their "pita" and their "hand-made pita". It's just unfortunate that it's going to be a very rare treat for me due to distance.
This place has a been favorite of mine since my ASU days and it doesn't get as good as having to travel to the Middle East for Shawarma, Falafel, Hummus, Kabobs, Kibbi, Tabouli Salad, etc. Haji Baba at times can be crowded but it is so worth the wait and their prices are super reasonable. After wards one can browse the adjacent market aisles of imported products from the Middle East, Asia and Europe. The front counter space area is filled with baklava, dates, candied fruits and other delectable sweets.
Now on my third time eating here since I found it a few weeks back and everything is amazing. I a big fan of homemade middle eastern food an have been spoiled with it because family and friends would make it (my grandpa made hummus, tabouli and falafel). this place does it right. I have tried the gyro, kifta, hummus, tabouli and more and it has all been great. 

My true judge of a mid-eastern place is the hummus since I love it and have been making my own for as long as I can remember. This stuff is great right combo of flavors and good bread to boot. My only knock is it's a but creamier than I like and a bit less garlic(but I love super extra garlic so I can't hold that against them). Overall it's just right and I will devour it. 

The meats are all flavorful and moist (especially rare with most other gyros). The tabouli is a nice mix of greens and wheat with a ton of fresh flavors.

Plain in simple if you like mid-eastern food go here you won't regret it. Try the combination meal and get a bit of all the good stuff.
Ever since the wife got a tattoo just up the road from this place, giving us an excuse to eat here for the first time (see my original review), I've been jonesing for more. Fortunately, she booked in for another tattoo a couple of days ago which gave us another excuse to travel the 45 miles and have another bite at the Casa la Dinge. Unfortunately, the way the day played out meant that I headed in to Tempe with her, then had to kill about three hours waiting for her tattoo to be completed. During this time I met some friends and because I was starving I wound up having a quasi-lunch with them at Slices Pizza at the cnr of 6th and Mill. Doh! The wife wouldn't have tolerated me doing Haji Baba's with them because SHE wanted to join me at HB for a late lunch. I thus had two lunches on the day, but because I wasn't too hungry after she and I arrived at HB, I had to make do with a couple of appetizers. I ordered the Foul Mudammas, the falafel and the yoghurt soda. The soda made me shudder at the unexpected taste, but I did manage to strangle down about half of it, with a face that probably appeared to onlookers as though I was being cornholed with a pineapple. Reminded me a lot of salt lassi, except this was saltier. Basically like drinking salty melted butter out of a bag of Orville Redenbacher. The wife grimaced at her first swallow, then came back a few minutes later for another go-round (that's my girl!) I can see why the damn stuff is popular - in a Warheads-candy sort of way. The Mudammas was pretty good, but my gut was quite full by this time and I didn't even finish the falafels. Oh well. Wife had the chicken kabob, same as last time I think - the plate was overloaded and the food was delicious, once again.

After we finished I started with the usual wandering up and down the aisles looking at the weird foods and their names. Wife said she needed to hit the restroom. About a minute later she was back, with sort of a guilty wan smile on her face. I was wondering whether the crapper was out of order or something else funny had happened. I was wrong. Apparently the previous occupant had dropped a couple of foul mudammas of his own in the bog, and the stench was so rancid that my wife threw up almost all of her meal. I kid you not. She said she struggled to hold her breath but in the end, blammo. By this time I was doing the potty dance as well and with more than a little trepidation went to the restroom. I sniffed (WHY?!) but the smell had cleared out by now and it was tolerable. However, the toilet fixtures themselves were disgraceful. I took a couple of photos of the faucet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=R-J7WlBAZ7cGGRMTetoRxA), and the string holding their mirror above the sink (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=DkWNs54J3xmfmZ1KHX2CbA). If they're going for realistic Arabic slum atmosphere and decor at this place, congrats - they hit the mark one hundred percent. Please, DON'T go into the restroom if you visit this place.. you'll spend the rest of the day, like I did, wondering if the kitchen fixtures look the same. Spoiled the experience for me, and there's NO reason they can't renovate such a tiny room and make it at least a little more passable. Made the shitter in "Trainspotting" look like the jewelry counter at Harrods.

Three stars (two knocked off for the state of the restroom, and I'm not counting the stench/vomiting incident in this demerit), and my brief addiction has been broken. I probably won't go here again since it transcends even my fairly liberal, old-city standards of cleanliness. Cheap food, good tasting, generous portions, I didn't get food poisoning, and the cashew baklava was awesome, but next time we're in town I'll probably go back to Slices Pizza or look for an alternate Middle Eastern fix. Then again, Greek Wraps is closer and just as tasty. And no, owner of Chicago Gyros, they didn't pay me to say that. Seacrest out.
I just had their gyro dinner and was very happy with the food.  It tasted good and was reasonably priced.  Didn't take very long for takeout either.  The hummus was kind of bland though, and they didn't give me much pita to go with it.  Hand made pita was very good.
I have been coming here for 20 years and I have never had a bad meal. This place is incredible. The prices have hardly changed in all these years. The food is super fresh and very authentic. They also have a grocery store located in the same building with everything you could want and imagine from middle eastern food, beverages and spices. They're big gyros sandwiches are around 3 dollars.
I always stop over here when I'm in Tempe,  you can't be the prices! The hummus, gyro, tabouli have all been great.  My friend and  usually waiter, Ali even convinced me to try the Turkish coffee, that was good.  The baklava counter is always irresistible at checkout.  I'm going to have to visit soon.
This place is delicious! I always bring my friends here and they all love it. The chicken shawerma plate is the BEST and the hummus is so heavenly. I'm drooling just thinking about it right now.  Their food is so authentic and I haven't found a place like this yet.  The best part is that it's so affordable for starving college students.
You don't need to break the bank to fly to the Middle East when Haji Baba is right around the corner. Unequivocally this is the best restaurant and everything on the menu is superb.  The overwhelming spicy aroma encompasses you and you really do feel like you have found yourself in a 'whole new world' (as Aladdin would say).  It almost leads to you believe that you just might have a magic carpet out front waiting to fly you home.
 
Something about Haji Baba stirs up thoughts of romance... maybe its the lamb tongue sandwhich or the hummus platter.  Either way, be careful who you choose to dine with... you might just end up finding true love. 
 
Don't forget to browse the attached Middle Eastern grocery store for all your sardine and pickled onion desires.
I've only eaten in the restaurant part of this place once several years ago but was looking to buy black Cardammon to use in making this home-made hard liquor based hot sauce that I read about in the Jan/Feb 2011 edition of Saveur magazine (number 25 of the 100 items identified as chefs' favorites), referred to as boozy hot sauce (I had something like it in Okinawa in November, which the locals make to put on their noodles, it was amazing). The prices on the spices were amazingly cheap and I bought several other spice items for when I do Indian based cooking (lentils are good for you but man they need some spices to taste interesting).

I had the good fortune to talk with the owner of the establishment. He told me the prices are so affordable because he deals with ethnic clientele  who use lots of spices and simply will not pay the sort of prices one sees in most stores. However, he assured me that he buys his spices in small batches (like 5 pounds) and then breaks them up himself and he checks everything when it comes in, if it doesn't smell fresh he sends it back and noted that he has a large base of customers that just buy from him for the spices. 

My challenge, of course, is I don't know much at all about Middle Eastern cooking but if you are going to do it, this seems the place to buy the ingredients.
The Gyro is to die for... and the hummus has a wonderful flavor, though lighter on the garlic and lemon than I would usually like. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken shawerma and other offerings.
Bring yourself to this place. Your taste buds deserve it. 

The hummus and aioli make you want to spin in your chair. 

The chicken shwarma is fit for a King, both in taste and portion. 

The lemonade and baklava are fresh and delicious. 

A list of eclectic and cheap starters to invigorate your palate. 

I'm visibly heart broken that I don't live down the street from Haji's anymore. 

This is as good and as cheap as it gets. 

The waiters are characters too. Bring a date. Impress them with your worldly food tastes. 

I could keep going. I love this place.
I can understand why this restaurant is a hit with the ASU crowd: its proximity to campus, accessibility by light rail, low prices. The hummus appetizer alone, a generous serving at less than 3 bucks with hot pita halves, could be a heavy snack or a light meal. The very inexpensive sandwiches vary in quality: I found the falafel to be really good, the koubideh was OK, and the beef shawarma was dry and lacking in flavor. The tabouleh was a bit too acidic for my taste and would probably have been better if more bulgur were added.  Waiting time at dinner depends on the size of your group. When I came with a larger group, we had a long wait, but seating was prompt when I came with just 2 friends. Overall, my dining experiences here were OK. For food quality, I consider the nearby Cafe Istanbul to be a better choice; but for price, this is the place to go.
YUM and super cheap!
Go for the food and you won't be disappointed, great middle eastern dishes served up nice and generously whether you get it to go or for dining in.  I went here and ate in and there was initially no one in the restaurant but me and then it quickly filled up with people. So I know that this is a neighborhood spot. The gyros and tzatziki sauce are very good but so is the hummus, falafel, kibbi and shwarma.
The food here is awesome but be prepared to pay the lamb dish I ordered was delicious but only had 4 medium size pieces of lamb I would say two people dining is going to cost at least50.00 dollars it's a place I will return when I have a craving for indian cuisine .
I can't believe I have never reviewed this restaurant.  If you like middle eastern food then you are missing out if you have never eaten here, seriously.

We have been coming regularly for over 12 years.  One of our all time favorite restaurants.  We almost always bring company in town here.  The food is amazing.  The cost is so cheap!!

Always order the same thing... Vegetarian combonation plate.  Comes with 2 stuffed grape leaves, 2 falafil balls, babjanoush, tabouli and yogurt salad.

For the appetizer we always get Lebni and the plate is literaly licked clean.

I can't encourage you enough to order hand made pita bread with all of your items.

My husband and kids also love the chicken and beef schwarma as well as the chicken kabobs.  They always order the carbonated yogurt soda- yuck!!
The Shawrma wasn't the best. I don't believe it was off the rotating skewer, as it tasted like grilled chicken. 

The ground meat however was delicious. I had all their meats, and chicken by far was my favorite. It was very juicy and flavorful!

For apps, I order the Hummus and Lebni. The Lebni, was plain and excellent. 

Great place, there is also a nice grocery store as well.
Ok, there's not much I can say that over 150 reviews haven't already said... so I'll keep this brief.  

Tasty hummus and pita - check
Delicious gyro sandwich - check (pickle was new to me but tasty)
Amazingly good lil baklava treats - check 
Great prices - check check check (under $10 a person)

You get the picture... everything was delicious and prices are super.  I have a feeling that this will be a new regular joint for the roomie and me.  We love great food at great prices.  (And the baklava alone is reason to stop in for a quick treat - even if you're not hungry!)

See ya there!
Awesome!  Our new "go" to place for middle eastern food.  Much, much better than Baiz Market.  Also, extremely cheap.  We had the koubeh and kibbedeh plates, along with sides of foul, falafel, a yogurt soda and two orders of baklava to go for the amazingly small sum of $27.  How are you going to beat that ?   Due to the unexpectedly huge portion sizes, we ended up taking most of it home.  Everything was delicious and the service was very fast even though it was packed.  

Head and shoulders above every other middle eastern place I've eaten at in town.  Highly recommended.
Excellent Middle Eastern food. Superb prices. Associated with a great grocery. Whatever you need to make your favorite mid east dish is here. Multiple choices for baklava. Great beef shwarma...hard to find and done well here. Good choice for lunch. Busy atmosphere. Basic table/chair configuration but not uncomfortable.
Two words:  Chicken shawarma.  

That is definitely not an original thought when it comes to this place - but it is that tasty!

I am one of the most picky eaters in Phoenix and I am usually very much about "atmosphere" - but this place ROCKS.

If you are new to the valley (can't imagine another scenario where you wouldn't have been here already) you MUST GO!
Three words:  food borne illness.  Frankly, their food isn't tasty enough to warrant the risk.
Love, Love, Love this place! Authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap. Our family of 3 always eats for less than $20.  My favorite is the gyro delux sandwich, the feta is fresha nd sharp and there is a TON of it on the sandwich. The labne is usually made fresh every day except sunday. The homeade pita bread is warm and fluffy. There was one time we ordered chicken and it wasn't cooked all the way through so that would be my only gripe about this place. This isn't an upscale scottsdale d-bag place, this is a simple, fast, and friendly place to get your grub on.
One time, of many, I had lunch at Haji's by myself.  I had the best lunch ever and ordered a Turkish coffee.  That was theee best cup of coffee I ever had.  I mean I felt like I had traveled a million miles away.  Seriously!  I felt like I was in the middle east.  and you'd think that a cup of strong Turkish coffee would have had me bouncing off the walls for the rest of the day.  Baby PLEASE!  I went home and was knocked out for the rest of the afternoon.  Just a lovely, lovely food experience.        ..... and I love to buy my ME groceries there too.
The shawarma melts in your mouth. The dolmas fall apart under the fork. The kibbeh is moist and nutty. And to top it all the baklava is mildly sweet and you can actually taste the nuts and cardamom. Best ME food period.
Better than the pita jungle falafils.  Kinda weird with the grocery store/restaurant thing butgood food.
The ambiance was a little concerning. It was pretty dirty and there were tables unbussed. Still, the food was exceptional. 

You NEEEEED to try the Rosewater lemonade. The hummus was great, and the lamb shish kabob was mouthwatering.
I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. The only reason why I don't go more often is lack of funds.

I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.

I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. 

Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
A great place my wife and her friends alerted me to. Tucked away in a market, this place services excellent middle eastern food.  

I order the gyro platter.The plate is huge and comes with a huge salad, large amount of rice and gyro meat.  I couldn't get enough of the rice. This is my second favorite rice after Moby Dick (east cost) My only complaint is you receive only a small ll piece of flat bread to go with the meal.

I also appreciate the large water glass and not a small glass that requires several refills over the course of a meal.

Payment is done at the market register.

You receive excellent value for what you pay for. A meal for two will cost about $15 (or less) 

I will be going back to this place again and again!
Excellent food at a very reasonable price! Fun atmosphere. Get there early...it fills up fast!
Gyros Sandwich under $4, that's my kind of a meal. I think it was a beef and lamb combo with lettuce and yummy tzatziki sauce, wrapped in scrumptious pita bread. I also ordered the hummus, which was $2.50 - not worth it in my opinion. I think the flavored hummus at grocery stores taste better and it'll be less expensive too. Haji-Baba is definitely a hole in the wall, with little fruit flies and flies buzzing around, but the taste is great, and the price is fair.

Note: If you want to eat at the restaurant, just have a seat at any table on the right hand side and a waiter will come with menus and take your order. If you want to take it to go, then go straight to the register and they'll take care of you.

After you finish eating at the restaurant, bring that little receipt stub left at your table to the cash register, and they'll ring you up. :)
Their food is amazing -- all of it.  Love the gyro, veggie combo, greek salad, shawerma, falafel, baba ganoush.  Make a point to order the house-made pita instead of the Armenian bread.  Always great service.
I'm also a big fan of the grocery store part of the joint.  You just have to try one of their baklavas -- walnut, almond, pistachio or cashew -- all divine.  Fab for tea and spices, too.
Definitely my favorite middle eastern cuisine in the Valley and I was reminded again yesterday. Sad but I always get the same thing: Chicken shawarma plate. You can't go wrong with this and It comes with so much food including rice, to-die-for hummus, a pita and tabouli all yummy and at excellent value too.

The ambiance is nothing to write home about, that is why I take away one star. Part of it is a grocery store with some really great ingredientes you can't find anywhere else, which is cool but can be awkward if you are trying to order take out and someone is checking out their grocery cart full of items in front of you. The food and price more than make up for the lacking ambiance.
There's a reason why Yelpers are singing praise for Haji-Baba.  The few skeptics must have not taste for good food or must come from Middle Eastern families and hate anything not cooked by their mothers and grandmothers.

Haji-Baba is one of the better Middle Eastern eateries I have had the pleasure to try.  Not just in Tempe but anywhere (including NYC and Toronto).  I had the shish kebab plate that included generous portions of rice and salad along with the chunks of lamb.  It came with a pita slice too.  

It's an unorthodox place.  You're given a ticket that you present to the cashier.  Anything you may purchase from the grocery side will be added.  If you cook you might enjoy the wide variety of spices and other items for sale.  They even sell a few edibles from Croatia and Serbia.

Be sure to try the baklava.  They have a few varieties.  I tried the Queen Baklava and it was fantastic.  One of the best I've had.
Try their Chicken Swarma plate! Try their chicken Swarma plate! 

OK now that you know that I have to say this place is good. I might be overrating it a little bit since their beef Kafka is dry but their Chicken Swarma is great! The best I've had outside of the middle east. The prices are low, the service is adequate, and the food is great. Be sure to pick up some baklava or other dessert on your way out.
My husband and I have been going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Really low key, affordable, amazing food! Between the 2 of us our bill is never more than $10 and we are always stuffed! I love how casual it is and the humus cannot be beat!
2 stars - I've experienced better, many times. Anyone who reads my reviews may come to the conclusion that I eat out just so I can write bad reviews. I assure you this is not the case. I always want to be wowed when I go to a restaurant. Nothing is more of a let down than mediocrity during the sacred dining hour. 

In a nutshell, it's a neat little place and our service was very good. Nothing was horrible. Appetizer was quite tasty, but the pita was flimsy and had no taste to it. Entree was OK, but the little bubble gum size, chewy chicken is disgraceful. Not appetizing at all, pushed it all to the side.

Arabic (or Turkish) coffee was good, but done too quickly. It's supposed to slowly rise to the top 3 times before being served. I know, you're busy and it's a pain in the ass, but that's how it's done, and tastes much better when cooked properly. Also should have had more cardamom and sugar, but that's probably just my personal taste.
Love love love this place.  Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?  My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and enjoy it at home.  I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. haha

See ya there!
I've ate here a couple of times, after many recommendations from several friends. The food is awesome with a price to match. I love the gyros and swarmas. My first swarma was in when I was stationed in Jebel Ali. This is about as close as it gets. Definitely a must try, if you already havent.
Falafel sandwiches here are tasty, filling, and cheap. Really, it is the best value in all of Tempe. Super affordable, and the falafel are quite tasty. I've had better falafel other places, but this place comes pretty close to being the best. 

Also, I love their different varieties of baklava. Almond is my favorite!
After being hungry for this place for 8 months, I finally made it back here today, joined by friends Arlin B., Robyn N., Norm R., & Mike C.  I had a regular gyro, a good sized square of kibbee, & a salad with Middle Eastern dressing (of course!).

The gyro in particular was still the most amazing one I've ever eaten, except for the last time I was here!  My friends carped about this & that & the other thing, but for ME, & what I eat here, this place ROCKS!  We're talking amazing food at amazingly low prices!     :-))

BIG Gyro $3.69, kibbee $1.99, regular dinner salad $1.29!
Great Gyros & baklava authentic Indian market as well.  Hidden Gem here, great place for lunch, cheap prices to boot.
I was joined here today with Robyn N.,Norm R.,Arlin B., and Rand H. and this is one of those places I have heard a lot of hype over the great food with great prices. well the only thing I really liked was the Gyro and it was real good.The kibbee one star the meaty egg roll two star and the thing wrapped in grape leaves one star.The place is also very blah!!! I as well would rather eat at the near by Cafe Istanbul.
I was with a friend for random chase for Mediterranean cuisine, and we ran into this little grocery store/mini restaurant.  Chicken gyro for $4 is unheard of these days.  The size of the gyro is almost like a burrito and is extremely filling.  The full plate comes with the meat, plenty of rice, hummus, and salad for just $7.  The tastes are very flavorful and authentic.
The BEST chicken shawarma in AZ hands down.  I started my Haji love affair in college, and have introduced many friends to this charming little hole in the wall over the years.  The ambiance is not great, but the food more than makes up for it.  They are crazy that they are still this inexpensive, where else can you get a gyro for under $5?!  I always get the same thing tho, the chicken shawarma.  It comes with a big plate of rice, hummus, taboule, and garlic sauce.  O.m.g. good.  Bonus that I get to also do a lil grocery shopping on my way out.
I am so glad I found this place because I no longer have to make baklava when ever I get the craving. Yes I know there are places to get baklava around Phx but they were either too soggy, too sweet, too sugary, too stale, etc. Something was always wrong. But this place is definitely a diamond in the rough. They have a basic selection of middle eastern food like the sherwarma and the kabobs, which are all very tasty and well prepared and much cheaper than the Persian Room (I'm not the biggest fan of the Persian Room bc its just not worth the drive and money unless you are on a date and trying to impress someone). They also have a great selection of baklava like almond, pistachio, cashew, walnut, and the princess which is think is a combination of all the nuts. Regardless of what you get, you will be happy (both mouth and wallet). 

The downside is that since it is in a grocery store, its a bit crowded and sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but I don't really mind the wait bc I know everything is fresh and prepared when ordered.
I'm sorry to say this but this business has gone done in the past few years.  I used to eat here *regularly* when I attended/worked at ASU (00-05).  It was always busy and the service was authentic and the food was authentic (at least all my engineering middle-eastern friends would say). Their hummus was outstanding and this place introduced me to my favorite dish, lamb kefta.  So I was in the neighborhood yesterday and decided to re-live that experience.  They still use good pitas, but the kefta was not how it used to be (they don't even offer lamb kefta anymore, just ground beef!).  The hummus was good, but it lacked the clean taste of a good oil (they may have gone cheap and used canola oil instead of evoo).  The kefta sandwich was soggy and loaded with the lowest quality lettuce I've seen in a while.  I did grab a few market items (always have been reliably stocked), but I was very disappointed with the food.  Let me add that when I used to go there, this place was always busy w/ middle easterners - both as clients and as the servers.  Now, it's nothing like that (it's all non-middle easterners).  I'm just thinking it's lost its authenticity, ergo the change in customer demographics.
I've been eating here since I first moved to Arizona in the '90s.  There was a time I worked nearby and had as many as 3 lunches a week here.  The quality has never varied.  This is also my daughter's favorite restaurant and the place she picked for her birthday dinner last week.  Gotta like that since they are so inexpensive.

The hummus and hand-made pitas are the best in town. Forget town.  They are the best I've ever had.  I'm speaking as someone who has eaten  his fair share of pitas, from Connecticut to NYC to CA and AZ.   YOU MUST REMEMBER TO ORDER THE HAND-MADE PITAS.  They cost a little extra (some like .25 if I remember correctly) but are worth every penny.  I can't even eat the non-handmade pitas after having them.  If you order a sandwich, make sure to request them.  You'll thank me later. 

I've had pretty much every meatless item on the menu, and everything is good.  The vegetarian sampler plate is my usual choice, but the falafel sandwich and dolmas plate are also very good.

Make sure you order the hummus as an appetizer.  The lebni is also good but if you order both, you'll have leftovers.  

I generally order way more handmade pitas than I need and take the leftovers home. 

They also have a grocery selection, including olives and feta cheese.  I stocked up on baked giants beans in tomato sauce last week.  They are perfect with those pitas.  

Go now, get the hummus and pitas, and yell me I'm wrong. 

It is also the perfect place to take a group to lunch.  None of this asking for separate checks here.  You'll also never wait for a check.  They give you a slip after you order, you bring it up front and tell the cashier which items are yours.  Honor system.

Nice people, too.
consistently fresh and delicious. You can call ahead for pick up and have your order in under 10min. If you're going for take out i recommend that you order your Feta when you arrive instead of as a side order (they have a dry goods market inside w/ deli). 
Also... LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their coffee. you can buy it by the lb in light, medium, or dark roast. DO NOT have it ground if you don't like super fine grinds. 

7yrs of eating there weekly and I miss it dearly already.
This is by far the BEST Middle East restaurant i have ever been to.
I have read a lot of good reviews of this place and it lives up to it.
The hummus is simply superb, it with the bread melts in the mouth. and I had chicken shawarma which was delicious.

The service was fast and courteous.
I moved from San Jose , CA and with the restaurant options up there i had hard time finding good ones here in Tempe.
Well here is one i love to go over and over again.
I rediscovered Haji Baba recently, after eating here years ago and remembering it for having great, reasonably priced Middle Eastern food.  Coming here again, I am sad I didn't come here sooner after moving back to Arizona!  The chicken shawarma is to die for.  Perfectly grilled chicken is complemented with moist fluffy long grain rice, fresh tabbouli, excellent hummus, and an exquisite whipped garlic sauce.  They have some of the best hummus I've had since moving back here.  I've also been happy with their kibbee dish, which is kind of like the Middle Eastern version of meatloaf.  Food is prepared quickly, and while they do charge $.50 for any soda refills, I don't mind so much as long as they keep making that divine chicken shawarma.  I've also tried their vegetarian combo plate, and while I appreciate the enormous amount of food and great variety they give you with this dish, I think their main forte is in their meat dishes.
Great food and service. A awesome hole in the wall joint. Chicken swarma is excellent.
i recommend making the people you go with order several things so you can have a bite of everything.

everything is good. so good. 

i think the gyro meat was my favorite, their pitas are so fluffy and soft... like little cushions from heaven sent to earth with the sole purpose of harnessing that delicious meat. 

i can't even remember everything we had but i know i liked every bite and you will too. we had like 3 days of left overs as well, but we went a little over board in our ordering.
Sit on side if busy. Henna is of okay quality but I would not use it again on my hair, instead use the body quality henna on your hair. The Arabic coffee is a great treat before or after your meal, so thick and chocolatey.  I hate Pita Jungle and places like Haji's is why!

It can get kind of loud with people running their mouth and the place being so small with sounds bouncing off of the walls, but if you bring enough people with you to strong-arm a big enough table you are set to at least be comfortable.
I've been to Haji-Baba's a couple of times now and I must say... my visits have not been met with consistency in the quality of their food.  

Haji-Baba is SUPER popular as you can see by the Yelp reviews of this place.  The main reason for their popularity I think is due to their prices.  Their prices are almost ridiculously low for the portion sizes you get when compared to other Mediterranean ~ Greek type of restaurants. 
    
I did find something I liked at Haji-Baba. I recommend you try their Gyros.  It's a really good Gyros and is one of the best in the Phoenix metro.  They don't shave their Gyros meat like at the other places.  They cut their Gyros meat off in long chunks, different sizes.  This adds another level of "delicious-ness" when compared to Gyros at other locations.  

They OVER STUFF their Gyros with meat, a small amount of tomatoes, red onions and pickled wild cucumbers with some tzatziki sauce.  The pickled wild cucumbers were unexpected and a nice change from other plaecs that serve Gyros.  My Gyros needed a bit more tzatziki, but my server was slammed and forgot it, oh well.

As for everything else on their menu ~ meh, I've had better.  Their dolmades, rice and kibbee all tasted old and over cooked.  The shawarma and falafels also tasted over cooked and were very dry for my liking.  

Restaurant location and condition~ 2 to 3 stars
Service ~ 3 stars
Food ~ 2 to 3 stars (except for the Gyros which are 4.5 stars)
Prices ~ 5 plus stars

I'm looking forward to going back for another Gyros and maybe I'll try their hummus and/or a Greek salad on my next.  Hope to see you there.
I feel like the Haji-Baba experience is a coming of age one for Yelpers, and now I can join the club!

I came here today for lunch with Jon S. and our friend. We were quickly seated at a table in a mostly full dining room. Got our menus and our server came by soon enough to take our drink orders. Per other yelpers, I had the Turkish coffee with some water. Jon S. ordered some babaganush (btw excuse my spelling for this whole review, their menu isn't online so I have no idea how to spell these things). HEED THE ADVICE OF THOSE who say splurge the extra 30 something cents and get the handmade pita. It is worlds better than what you would get otherwise. 

So we munched on the babag and pita and decided what to get. Our friend had been there once before and she got one of the veggie sandwiches, and because there's so much on the menu, Jon and I each got the combination plate. Not too long after, everything came out pretty quickly and hot. Even though I looked at what came with the plate, I had no idea what I was eating so I took it one item at a time. 

Gyro meat = BOMB. mmm it was so good. 

Not-handmade pita bread = disappointing after having the homemade 
version. 

Kibbi = I would compare it to the American meatloaf. It was a loaf that was tasty but a little dry. 

Falafel = I was full when I got to tasting he falafel, but I really liked it. 

Fried egg roll = Can't remember if there was another name for this, but it was surprisingly good. Filled with a bunch of beef, very good.

Stuffed grape leaves = Jon kinda hyped this up as he had heard good things about it. Eh, I guess it's an acquired taste, it was pretty bland, but tolerable when dipped in tzatziki. 

Tabouli = the "salad' on the plate. It was pretty citrusy and bitter for my taste, but Jon really liked it. 

And I think that covers everything. While I wasn't a HUGE fan of the entire meal, it was definitely fresh, homemade, and a quality meal. And even though we tried a bunch of stuff, it wasn't nearly everything on the menu. I'll certainly be back.
I could use their pita bread and wrap every meal I have in it.  Great stuff!
No wait, cheap prices, and excellent taste. The best hummus and falafel sandwhichs in town. Be sure you order the pita's hand made.
I guess it is finally time to write a review about Haji-Baba. This place is great, from the restaurant to the to-go service to the grocery store. This place is great, easy to get to, and has almost everything you need at reasonable prices. 

My friend loves the food here. He has sampled most things on the menu and has fallen in love with the chicken shawarma.  About once every three weeks, he can speak of nothing else until he gets an order of shawarma. I love the spanakopita and the vegetarian sampler. The apricot juice is great too. Really intense flavor, but really refreshing. Also, a great selection of baklava. Cashew is my favorite so far.

The market/grocery side is great too! Lots of wonderful things for cooking at great prices. We found black mustard seeds here after looking everywhere in town and coming up empty handed. And let me tell you about the dates! Best prices in town to buy dates. 

I don't think there is anything else I can say, you must go here and love the food.
Saw this place on "Check Please" and the reviews looked awesome so when we were in the area I begged my husband to take me! 

I was super excited when we pulled up but we got there a little early and ended up having to wait for the owner to open up. I walked into the cashier blocking off the dining area, when I tried to get his attention he practically jumped at me telling me that the dining room was closed. (like there should have been a huge DO NOT ENTER sign at the entrance) OK..... so when I ask him when its open he says "to go only" another OK .... when I walk up to order he says "but the kitchen won't be ready for an hour" AN HOUR?!?! its 11, most restaurants are ready to serve food at 11, you want me to wait an hour?? NO

I really did want to try the food at this place, but quite frankly I'm not willing to give any of my hard earned money to a restaurant that is going to be rude and unhelpful.  I don't care how good ppl say their food is.. no thank you!
Haji Baba is by far my favorite restaurant!  In fact, I fear ever having to move from my current residence as it might mean I wouldn't be within a 5 mile radius.  The service is friendly and fast, and they always remember my favorite order.  My favorites by far are the Gyros!  I've never found a recipe so flavorful and moist.  I can't recommend this place more.  If you're a fan of Middle-Eastern cuisine, there's no way you can pass up this gem.
I haven't actually eaten there for lunch but their baklava is the best I've ever had!
Good and Cheap!  What more do you need?  If you're a fan of mediterranean, you'd be doing yourself a misdeed by not giving this place a try.

I had the beef shawarma.  It was like brisket with a middle eastern sauce wrapped into a pita.  Awesome.  The only problem was that it was really, really messy.  the sauce leaked all over the place.  Napkins are a must.  My friend had gyro.  I took a small bite of the meat.  It may have been the best gyro ever!  I'll have to give a full one a try for myself someday.  The several types of baklava are delightful treat.  We went with cashew, pecan, and walnut.  All three were wonderful.

One big negative.  Only two pieces of pita came with our order of hummus.  Not even close to enough.  Make sure to order an extra (or two).  The hummus, like everything else, is fantastic.  The pita is pretty good, but nothing special by itself.

I didn't set foot inside, so I cannot tell you what it's actually like in there.  But the food is awesome.
Cheap, authentic, and yummy!!!
Why didn't I know about this place? I guess my friend Sarah has been hounding me to go here for years, but tonight was my first visit. Where's my time machine so I can go back and eat here more.

I was torn whether to give it a 4 or a 5... The decor is an afterthought - in fact, the restaurant part of it seems to be tacked on to an international foods market. The market side has some amazing foods you won't find in many other places around the Valley - definitely worth going out of your way to check out. 

There were 3 of us, and we grabbed a table and sat down. It didn't take long to decide what we wanted - turns out we just about wanted a little bit of everything. The prices on the menu looked like they were from another time. I thought they gave us the old menus by accident. Let me put it this way - the prices were so low, I questioned the quality of the food I was about to eat... 

We placed our order, and within a few minutes our table was filled with plates of beautiful food. This was as troubling as the prices - fast food prices and fast food service usually mean fast food and subsequent ring sting. Well, this is not the case. The food here was fantastic. I would say the food is a solid 4. It's not the best example of gyros and hummus etc that I've had, but it ranked quite high. It was delicious and flavorful, and everything seemed to be really fresh. 

I cleaned my plate and picked at just about everything - we all shared a bit. Every mouthful was a treat. The service was more fast and efficient than it was friendly, but I never felt unwelcome. In a place like this, I'd rather have a no bullshit sort of experience. Just get this food into my bloodstream as expediently as possible. Really though, the service was plenty nice. 

After we finished eating, we wandered around the market side and shopped a bit. We wanted to take so many things home with us - teas, sweets, spices, honey, and assorted unique items... We're definitely going back. 

This is a divey hole-in-the-wall that deserves all the praise it is getting. If it turns out to be as reliable and consistent as I've heard it is, we're going to be regulars. If you twisted my arm to complain, I would say it is pretty inconveniently located (or extra convenient depending on from where and how you get there) - I just find it a bit of a pain in the ass trying to drive around and make turns on Apache since the Light Rail went live. 

I can tell you this - if you're thinking of eating at Pita Jungle down the street - give this a shot instead. I still love Pita Jungle, but this wins on price and speed, ties on deliciousness, and only loses on decor. It's not a first date spot - it's more of a 4th date spot... impress her with the awesome and interesting eclectic hole in the wall joint.
My uncle, 2 cousins, my partner, her 2 boys and myself all decided to try this place out a couple weeks ago for dinner. Most of us are very familiar with Middle Eastern food so we had a pretty good idea of what to get and how things should taste. 

First, it's a small place, with tables sort of thrown into an add-on to a Mid-Eastern market, so larger parties may have an issue getting seated right away. It took them almost 20 minutes to seat us, but that's not entirely their fault. I mean, you have to work with what you've got, right? Just be prepared to wait if there's more than, say, 5 or so in your group.

The market is kind of nifty, so take the time to browse if you get there and are waiting for a table or for people to show up. Lots of spices, and you can ogle the half dozen different types of baklava they have up front. Yes, I said half a dozen. Pistachio, walnut, pecan, almond, and a couple others. They also have Bulgarian feta, which I haven't had since I left Bangkok, and I highly recommend if you're a fan of Greek feta. I'll be going back for a nice big chunk, this I can promise you. 

Now the food: My partner's two boys are two of the pickiest eaters I know, so we got them the chicken kebab sandwich. I didn't get to try it, but they both finished their plates, so I'll take that as a positive testimonial. My partner and I shared a variety of things: gyros, kebab, chicken shwarema, rice, hummus (which on the menu is spelled "homos," much to the amusement of the kids), and tabouli, with homemade pita bread. My cousins both got the veggie platters and I honestly don't remember what my uncle got. :) The gyros and kebab were phenomenal, extremely flavourful, and the gyros was the best I'd had in a long time. I think the chicken shwarama was my favourite though. It almost melts in your mouth and the flavours are fantastic. The hummus was very good, especially with the homemade pita. (Definitely pay the extra for the "real" stuff. Store bought just doesn't cut it here.) I'm not really a huge fan of tabouli, but my partner seemed to like it well enough. One great little surprise for me were the dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). A traditional Greek dish, I'm never really a fan. My dad makes these by the bucketful and freezes them. Usually, for me, they tend to be bitter and too bland, but I got to try one off of one of the veggie plates and it was actually REALLY good. I honestly think it may have been the best dolmades I've ever had. So I'd recommend it. 

To drink I took a risk and got the yogurt soda. Anyone familiar with Indian food will most likely have tried lassi at one point of another.... this is NOT lassi. This is definitely an acquired taste, but if you want to try something different, give it a shot. It is literally plain, unsweetened yogurt with soda water. No one else at my table liked it, but I thought it was different and in its own way, rather refreshing. 

We shared the pistachio and pecan baklava at the end of the meal. Fresh, homemade and soooooo good! 

I have lots of reasons to go back, one of which would be the bill at the end of the night. Keep in mind, there were 4 of us on our tab, 2 kebab sandwiches, 3 drinks, my yogurt soda, the chicken shwarama plate, a kebab, a gyros and 2 baklava and it all came up to about $35. You really can't beat that.
liked this vibe inside with the market restaurant combo.  quiet environment and prompt service makes for a good dinner.

ordered 3 items off the smaller plate menu thinking i wouldnt be overindulging.  i was wrong.  ordered hummus, nothing special there but would order it again as hummus really isnt anything special in the first place.  greeek salad was really good, could have used a little less dressing, but the olives alone were worth it.  also got the chicken schwarma.  

everything in all was fresh and large servings.  cool little middle eastern spot for a cheap filling meal.
DROOL. 

Every time I want Middle Eastern food (and I am today but Seattle sucks for such thing thus far)....I think of Haji Baba. Introduced to me as one of the first restaurants I ate at when I was a freshman at ASU (wow that was 6 years ago-- I'm old). 

What I miss most is the chicken shawarma plate that I would order with salad instead of tabooli and hummus (no offense to tabooli-- it's great here but I'm not a fan). Their hummus is good because it is made with the right ingredients and it's simple. Hummus should be kept simple.  The shawarma garlic sauce with the sririacha-- is a true delight.  

What else is good: EVERYTHING! Falafel, gyro, shawarama salad, all their appetizers. Their lemonade is homemade and not too sweet. It has a weird flavor that gives it a " what is this?" appeal. Also in AZ when it's hot, drinks = must because the water sucks. 

Don't  forget to get a baklava. They have like 6 or 7 diff varieties and they are all delicious. You can also check out their small market which is a part of the restaurant and has a wide variety of middle eastern random goods and spices. 

Big portions (I always had lots of leftovers), cheap food and a simple approach. I MISS YOU HAJI BABA and I promise I will go back to you every time I visit.
Love this place!

Fast service, cheap food and TASTY. Best for a quick bite with a bunch of friends or when you are lazy to cook. Serving size is good and portions are filling. Closes before 8 on weekdays, closed on Sunday.

If you like Greek food, you will like it.
Are there really words in the English language to describe how wonderful this food is?  Not even close.  This is by far the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've had in the valley.  Lots of entrees to choose from, so many different desserts, and if you're feeling bold, you can try one of their unique drink options. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)

-/+ Sometimes the wait can be long, especially during lunch hour.  But I wouldn't say that this should keep you away.  The food is worth it.

+ Chicken Shawarma

+ Gyros

+ Lots of food.  Sometimes you have to roll me out to the car when I'm done... and I STILL have left overs.

+ Friendly, helpful staff that will make you feel at home.

-/+  Decor.  I've heard some people hate on the "look" of the restaurant.  It's not a wine and dine kind of place and honestly, it's not that bad.  It's just a bunch of tables and chairs, but is that what you're there for?  No, you're there for the amazing, bountiful meal that your little tummy has been begging for.  It's clean, whether some people say that or not.  I'm pretty sure they wouldn't win Best-of awards for almost 30 years if they were bad at keeping things picked up.
My aunt and all my cousins love coming here and it's no wonder why. Visiting for xmas vacation, my aunt showed my mom and my family this spot the first day we arrived. I didn't go but my mom craved this place during our trip and went back a second time-this time with me.

So basically it's a store with a small kind-of restaurant inside. Serves middle eastern food, I am leaning towards more greek because of grape leaves and the gyros..

Anyhoo, I had a gyro which is lamb, a yogurt sauce, tomatoes and lettuce in a pita type bread. I absolutley cannot stand lamb, I refuse to eat it not because of the taste but...it's a lamb...a fuzzy cute...anyways...

YES I broke down and ate it. I was super starving and it didn't really taste like how I remembered when I first tried lamb...it was really good. My aunt had a veggie platter and everyone also had a gyro and my sister had a gyro platter.

I will come back here again when we visit the family, I think it is probably a staple and as for the lamb...probably the only time I will ever eat it, if it's in a gyro at Haji-Baba.
Consistent excellent quality food. Best chicken shawarma sandwich I've had, and I have had quite a few-no other comes close to this one! Very fairly priced, generous serving. Add feta to the sandwich-they give you heaps and only charge a little extra. Thinking about moving to Tempe just so I can eat here every day :0)
Holy lamb of Allah, that's a good gyro! And unlike most religious experiences, this one came cheap! Just $4 for the best Gyro I've had, and I've had a lot of them.
Haji's I love you.

I've been going here since 1996, and even if it's been a month or two, the exceptionally nice waiters ALWAYS recognize me. I feel loved here! Well it's mutual.

The food is authentic -- none of the fusion BS that goes on at Pita Jungle. And it's delicious. I crave their gyro plate and the chicken schwarma. The chicken salad gives you the schwarma chicken over lettuce over basmati rice -- woderful combination of warm and cold. Awesome dressing (my only caveat is that the lettuce is not always perfection -- too bad because EVERYTHING else is!). Ask for the homemade pita, too.

I buy my spices in the market -- fresh and cheap! You'll find every kind of dried beans here as well as the ingredients to attempt this cuisine at home.

Oh I do love Haji's ...

Five stars, only because there isn't a sixth.
TL;dr amazing mediterranean food, with plenty of meat options that will blow your mind. you've never had meat like this before.

I'm really confused as to how I don't have a review for this place already. After living in Tempe/Phoenix for over 20 years, I remember craving gyros from Haji Baba even as a kid. In fact, I would venture to say Haji Baba and Baiz Market are the oldest, quality middle eastern shops in the valley.

Apparently my friend has never been here before, and I decided I would be a terrible friend if I never took him. Of course, he had trouble finding it because he thought it was a restaurant "restaurant" and not a hole-in-the-wall type place.

We were seated even though it was lunch, didn't take more than 10 minutes for our gyro plates to come out which were piled high with succulent gyro meat. To perfectly complement the star of the dish, there was white rice and a salad with plenty of unique dressing. Gyro meat by itself is usually amazing, simply because its meat, but when its accompanied with an amazing sauce, it really becomes stellar. The "white sauce" or what I think is an iteration of tsaziki sauce is perfect for the juicy ground lamb meat. If you haven't had gyro before and you want to give a try, I would definitely get the gyro plate at Haji Baba.

I almost forgot to mention that you can't leave Haji Baba without trying their baklava. Take your pick at which nuts you want. pistachio, almonds, walnuts, mixed, etc. 

Aside from their restaurant food, my family usually buys groceries from here. One of our staples is pita bread, and you can usually get a box of pita bread for like $13. Freeze some of it, and use the rest as you wish. It goes perfectly with store bought hummus and foul (fava beans).
One of my favorite places to eat! Authentic middle eastern food! The iced tea is addicting, i get cravings for just that sometimes! Every time I go in i just cant help myself and order the Vegetarian plate, you get so many choices of delicious food and its all so amazing! I wish it were closer to my house or had delivery, it would be a weekly meal then! I also had them cater baklava for my wedding party and I kid you not the two huge trays we ordered went faster than the alcohol!!! much love for this place... and to add to all the ++++'s they have a store built in so you  can buy alot of the food to make at home as well!!
Got the combination plate, I'm not very familiar with Middle Eastern food so I'm not sure I'm a good judge.  The gyro meat was a little greasy..

I liked the thing that looked like egg roll and the thing that looked like hush puppies..  Wasn't a huge fan of the thing that looked like dark corn bread and the salad type couscous thing.  The chicken kabob, koobideh and beef kabobs were not very flavorful and slightly burned.

LOVED the pistachio baklavas!  Which is why I'm giving it 4 stars..  :)
A-Ok.  I had the gyro plate which comes with a really fresh salad with yummy dressing.  The tzaziki  (sp) sauce was really good.  The rice side was bland with no seasoning of any kind at all.

Lots of food for the $$.
The sign out front may be sun faded, but the inside is alive and thriving!  Haji-Baba offers solid, down-home Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food at very reasonable prices and the well-equipped store make this a worthwhile stop for any ethnic food lover.  

One half of Haji-Baba is a small, tightly packed ethnic food store.  The other half is a small, tightly packed restaurant.  While space is certainly limited on both sides, the selection at Haji-Baba is huge!

The store side features everything from large pans of fresh-baked pastries and desserts behind the counter to rows of hard to find spices and aisles of rare, imported ingredients at prices that make exotic cooking at home reasonable for the casual cook like me!

The restaurant side delivers good, authentic food at acceptable prices.  None of the menu items are particularly unique and the overall quality of the food tends to match the cafe styling more than fine dining, but all of the dishes I've tried have been well portioned and tasty!  Space is very limited, though, so groups larger than 4-6 aren't suggested.

Don't hesitate to stop here if you're in the area!  Even if you're not hungry, Haji-Baba has a lot to offer!
The best gyro you will have in Arizona...
or maybe anywhere.

Love the grocery selection.
Everyone there is really nice.
And you can buy a BUCKET of dates for like $6.
I am conflicted.  Haji-Baba, as a restaurant, has some five star strengths and some one star weaknesses.  The strengths: very large portions of food, all of which are appealing even to people who are not familiar with middle eastern cuisine; low prices; an ethnic grocery attached which is a pleasant diversion while you are waiting for your food.  

The weaknesses: virtually everything is underspiced, so you get tired of it after two or three bytes.  Apparently, lemon and garlic are spices-non-grata in this kitchen, and even salt and pepper are used sparingly.  For $2.60 you get enough hummous for two, as an appetiser, but you won't want to finish it.  It reminds me a lot of paste.  And the pita (bread) was going stale. Exceptions: their take on a meat-stuffed eggroll, and, believe it or not, the gyros.  Also well-spiced: a variety of sauces which helps offset the blandness of the food.  I must also comment on the tabouleh (which here means ground parsley) served as a huge mound on most plates; it would feed a baseball team, but it, too, is tasteless.  Other, much smaller, issues: it can get crowded, the ambiance does not exist, and they have an odd system for paying your check which puts you in a line with the people buying groceries and can be slow.

Hints:
1.  Order the Combination plate.  For $12 it is definitely enough for two average appetites and you don't get bored so easily.  
2.  They have a large grocery using the same name 3/4 mile east. The restaurant is a smaller place hidden away in a strip mall.
Awesome..not a bad item on the menu. This is a small international grocery store with a small restaurant attached. Gets very busy at lunch but moves quickly and gives you a chance to see the heaping plates of goodness being delivered efficiently to tables. I had a kibi  plate that came with super fresh tabouleh, lots of humus and beautiful fresh little pitas, and a great creamy yogurt salad. Friend had the gyro platter complete with a pile of tender gyro meat, rice, salad etc. add ice tea and it was under $20 and so filling that I was set for several hours. There is a reason that this place is busy. It rocks!
ok, im a little jaded writing this review..living my life in dearborn for 30 years ive had the best of middle east fare....moving to AZ its hard to find good middle eastern food..

the store is awesome, great selection..
Service was lacking, the manager/owner/cashier went on and on talking politics with customer in front of me..5 minutes later i ordered the shish kebob sandwich..took about 15 minutes..it was ok, no onions?

this was my first visit..i plan to head back and try a combo plate and other items

for a wednesday the small place was packed



Second visit, tried the chicken shawama was good, not mind-blowing..wasnt made as requested 

third and last visit, i treated a friend,  both orders made wrong...and was ok..

i will probably look elsewhere for good middle eastern food...definitely will use the store for items tho

i really wanted to love this place, but more of a let down
So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food. Lots and lots of food. Luckily for me, Haji-Baba is known for tons of food at decent prices so I have a promising evening of stuffing my face without breaking my wallet. God, I sound like a really cheap buffet commercial.

But really, to be truthfully, super blunt, honest-to-go-honest truth, Haji-Baba's food is not the best in the world but it is 1) fresh, 2) good quality, 3) tasty and 4) cheap. I am sure you can find better Mediterranean food around town, but this place is really good on your wallet and fits my needs just right. And hey, 215 reviews can't be lying. THE PEOPLE LIKE IT. They like it a lot.

I ordered the gyro deluxe (gyro with raw onions and feta cheese), a side order of hummus, Babaganoush (eggplant dip), tried my friends lamb tongue and a pistachio  baklava. 

If you are feeling adventurous and want to try the lamb tongue, lemme tell you: don't. Really, don't. There is nothing tasty about lamb tongue. It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary. The only positive about eating tongue? Infinite pun jokes about talking about it forever. Get it?

The gyro meat was pretty standard in the Gyro deluxe sandwich, the best thing about it was the creamy fresh salty feta cheese. Its the freshest i've ever had and they really DO slap it on that sandwich, like a boss. The babaganoush was also very very tasty with the pickle and the black olive- however- i would have liked bigger pieces of roasted eggplant than a hummus-like texture. The hummus was just A-OK, it needed more of a PUNCH of flavor. Last but not least, the baklava is my favorite dessert in all the land.. so obviously I enjoyed it. Heavy on the honey and not very crispy on the nuts, but pretty decent nonetheless.

In conclusion, only use the tongue in your mouth and not the one on the menu, get as much feta cheese as your body can process and buy a desert to-go. BAM, lunch is served.
Wow! Such fantastic food! Try the Queen baklava, best I've ever had.
Love this place. I always tell myself to eat my way through their menu but I never do. I always get the same thing I usually do, which is the chicken shawarma plate. I love it! I get my hummus & pita fix as well as the always yummy garlic sauce on the chicken. I try and get extra garlic sauce with mine :) Get extra pita cause they do give a good serving of hummus. Also, the rice is yummy, although last time I was there, the rice was different than usual.
This place was unfortunately not all that amazing. You get a decent amount of food, and the prices aren't bad at all, but the food is very average, and fairly bland. I got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre. You can get better gyros at many other places in the valley.
Friendly wait staff.  Authentic ingredients.  However the shawarma are nothing like I had in Kuwait.  The shish kabob is worth getting.   Basmati rice needs some work.   The market next door is great.
My first time at this East Valley institution...had the lamb tongue sandwich...tasty!
Pretty darn good! Had the vegetarian combo. The falafal was super slammin'! But the hummus and baba ganoush were a little bland to me. So disappointing! Next time, I'll have what my friends had...a good old fashioned gyro! 

Oh, and if you dare, try the Arabic coffee. It's a jolt! 

One last tip, if you're going for lunch, don't go straight at noon, there's usually a long line for a table (always a good sign tho').
The place looks like a dump, but I have three words for you... CHICKEN SCHWARMA SANDWICH. If you put a little Sriracha on that bad boy, you will be hooked for LIFE!
Great value for authentic middle-eastern food. Classic hummus seems like such a simple dish, but the truth is only a few can nail it. And this simple cafe in the middle of a small Middle Eastern grocery store in Tempe is one of them. Superb texture and flavor! Also tried a gyro and gyro plate, along with some falafel, and quality seems to be consistent on the whole menu. And their rosewater lemonade is one of the best I've ever had. Fast service and awesome food for the price, and you get to purchase the ingredients in the same place afterwards to try making those recipes back home.
The Chicken Shawarma is awesome.  
Hummus, Tabule and freshly made pita bread
Arabic coffee will put hair on your chest but YUM! 
Iced tea is the sh*t - its an orange black tea 
Salad dressing is freshly made and you can buy a container to take home
The market area has great prices on spices 
Quick service once you finally get a table, lunch is a nightmare
Call it in ahead of time & get it to go or get there early
I've visited Haji-Baba's twice now and I am anxious for a return trip.  FIrst, almost any ethnic restaurant with an attached grocery is going to have some good food.  With Haja-baba this is true, but it also comes at such a great value!  

I've sampled the hummus, which is wonderful in its simplicity and very fresh.  Same with the tabouli.  The kibbie is brilliant and I will order that again.  On my first visit, I tried the Shish-kabob and, to my delight, they treated the lamb very kindly.  It wasn't brown and cooked to death, which is so often the fate of lamb in far too many restaurants.  

On my last visit, a friend and i went to Haja-baba's with one intention: Lamb's tongue Sandwich.  If you like lamb and you're not mouth-squimish concerning texture; it's one of the best things you'll ever eat.  For me, it was heaven.  I will say, that I did order and dress it with a touch of tzatziki sauce, which made the sandwich PERFECT!  The portion, especially for the price, is as astounding as it is tasty!

There's a very short list of things that will make me drive to Tempe.  Haji-baba's is near the top of that list.
I purposely didn't read the Yelp reviews before coming here so that I wouldn't have any preconceived notions about this place. I wanted to check this place out with fresh eyes. Some of my points here have been shared many times over in previous reviews but again, I purposely didn't read them so this review is from my eyes as a "virgin" visitor.

My son and I came here last night before heading to Gammage for a play. My first thought upon entering was "Am I in the wrong the place?" Haji-Baba is a small ethnic market as well as having a small eatery inside. It is an older store and the restaurant is off to the far right side of the store. In fact, the restaurant seems like an afterthought. There are very old tables and chairs, with the cheapest silverware, napkins, plates and glasses that the restaurant supply stores carry. There is no personality to this part of the store at all. And while that isn't entirely a bad thing because I'm not afraid to visit a dive restaurant, in the case of Haji-Baba, this was just a sign of things to come. 

Despite being severely overdressed, we were seated at a nearby table by a polite man who came across like one of the owners. Unfortunately, he was not our server. Our server was a man who was barely audible when he did speak to us, which was nominal at best; which is to say that he said just enough to get our order and then never came back again. Our dinners came out in less than 5 minutes..which seemed very surprising to me. Although our dishes are not complex, nor is the menu as there are limited selections at Haji-Baba, I thought that there might be a little more effort, especially now that I've read so many other reviews on this place. The food was clearly pre-made and just scooped on the plate. I guess that's ok and maybe I'm spoiled and used to cooked-to-order food lately. Hard to say.

The food itself was pretty good. My schwarma plate came with tabouli, hummus, rice, schwarma and 1/2 of a pita. My son's beef schwarma had rice, greek salad and schwarma. No hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita. Both of the schwarmas were fine. It was nothing special. I've had better and I've had worse. The hummus was creamy though kind of bland and the pitas were warm and flavorful...when we got more! Our first one was kind of blah. The rice was just plain white rice. The Greek salad was way overdressed to the point of soggy. The tabouli was nice though with just the right amount of crunch. 

Overall, this would have been a 3 star review if not for the lackluster service we received. Our server had zero personality. He never came back to check on us though he stopped at several tables near us to give them a "thumbs up" to check on them so maybe it was just us and the fact that we were dressed up that put him off. I thought initially that he might not have been comfortable speaking English as clearly most of the staff here were European but he spoke beautifully to the tables around us. Our drink vessels were bone dry. I had to flag down the guy who seated us to get extra pitas and refills on our drinks. Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll go the 1/2 mile up the street to Pita Jungle for Mediterranean food. The service was better and the food had some heart put into the process of preparation. Haji-Baba was, in a word, forgettable and that's kind of a shame because with a little work, it could be the 5 star place that so many people on here seem to think it is.
love the gyro plate. Rice is so good and I also dig their candy selection :)
I love Haji-Baba more than words can say. The food is cheap and delicous. Their iced tea is AMAZING (the best I've ever had, and I only drink iced tea and water 99% of the time)! The hummus is to die for. The pitas they make in house are fresh and delicious. 

I have yet to find a place as yummy as this anywhere else in the Phoenix area (or even in Seattle where I live now), and the low prices make it that much more awesome!
So, so, so GOOD.  Everything I've had here has been amazing. I've been coming here for over 10 years.  The food is always fresh and the service has always been prompt.  My favs - Gyro, chicken shwarma, lamb kebab, and the baklava.  Once in a while, I get the lemonade - they make it with rosewater.  You sip the lemonade and inhale through your nose and you smell roses.  It is freaking amazing.  In college, we used to get the arabic coffee to keep us awake for our late night studies.  Overall, one of my favs!
Always great and fast! Service is always top notch. Beware of big crowds during lunch.
I love this place primarily for either Chicken Schwarma or Falafels and Hummus. I am not a fan of their Gyros though. They have by far the BEST baklava ever! I especially like the Pistachio Baklava. I also go here and get spices and Chamomile tea. Their prices are very reasonable. I really like the food here! We once ordered a whole lamb they had roasted for a Pascha celebration, it was delicious!
The 5 star rating says it all. If anyone visits me in Tempe, there are 2 places I take them: Four Peaks, and Haji-Baba.
Great food for sure but that is it.  Unless you are shopping for groceries then don't expect much of anything you would not find in a cafeteria.  Yet for some reason this place just works.  The service is unusually good in a place like this and  the food comes out fast and delicious.  I have had about half of the food on this menu and have never been disappointed. Come to Haji's to be full and chat with some friends over good food.  It may have you searching for more napkins but your belly will be happy.
Best Gyro in Phoenix! Period! I order the Gyro DLX. The feta is awesome. Recommend.
This place is a hidden gem. Great Middle Eastern food at a great price. Everything you could want. This is where other restaurants get the food they serve you so why not come to the source. Love the babaganouj and hummus.
Truly amazing food. Surprisingly cheap for the quality and the wait time to get your food after ordering was minimal. I for one will be eating here again.
I'm not very familiar with middle eastern cuisine so based on reviews, I went to Haji Baba to try it out. My girl had the chicken schwarma and I had this combo plate with a various assortment of meats. I apologize for not remembering the name. Anyways, the food was delicious and for the price you can't beat it. The restaurant is located in a grocery store so don't expect to plan any first dates here. But if she's a keeper, definitely a 3rd date spot. ;)
Awesome place for some fine middle eastern cuisine.  

I always get the Chicken Shawarma plate which comes with rice, succulent chicken (topped off with some amazing garlic sauce), tabouli, hummus, and pita bread.  This is the ultimate meal and it's under $10.  Can't go wrong, although my breath does reek of garlic afterwards.

Save room for  some baklava or some other middle eastern delight for dessert. 
For you adventurous chaps out there: I don't recommend the yogurt soda.

Also browse around the market, you can find some interesting things and a huge selection of spices.
I hate this place! They're soo good I don't mind waiting for an hour during weekday lunches, argggghhh!
We come here for the grocery, and more importantly, the food! Not the cleanest atmosphere, but they have a great selection of spices and ingredients. The wholesale warehouse a ways down the street is now open to the public and has more of a selection for grocery stuff.

The restaurant is known for the food, not the service. They have a simple menu, hand cooked food, and cheap prices. Falafel is tasty and they have a good selection of necessities; tabbouleh, gyro meat, rice, salads, pitas, and dessert. You can go in and get the food for take out, or take a seat for a quick bite on the other half of the store.

Staff is friendly, and this place is worth going to if you need middle eastern spices and canned goods that you can't get at a normal grocery store.
LOOOOOOVE this place! The food is awesome and the prices are too! It's a restaurant/store and is a small place but don't let it fool you... This place is great and there are always people coming through. And they have halal meat.
I get cheap food that's good at the time then you feel like death later.  Haji-baba has cheap food, insanely cheap food, food so cheap you would debate eating there due to the cheapness but have no choice but to give it a shot because.. ITS SO CHEAP.  The quality of the food at Haji-Baba is parallel to high end middle eastern restaurants, its FANTASTIC.  The chicken shawarma wrap I ordered was 3 dollars and change, the size of a glove box ( exaggerating but its BIG) and incredibly delicious!  I cannot recommend this place enough so good, so delicious and the price doesn't factor into the quality at all!  Go here and love it!
I went here yesterday for lunch with a friend, my first time ever. First, for those seeking a place with ambiance, Haji-Baba is purely functional. It is located adjacent to a Middle Eastern grocery store and there really is no decor enlivening the dining room. In other words, you come here if you like the food. I was glad to see that they serve kibbeh, which is a Middle Eastern dish I had trouble finding when I last lived in Phoenix, and so I ordered the kibbeh plate. My reaction was a little mixed. First, the plate came with sides of tabouli and hummus, and both were excellent. The hummus was smooth and creamy and nicely spiced and the tabouli was very enjoyable. My mixed feelings concern the kibbeh, which I found to be mediocre. First, I was surprised by its shape and texture. Anywhere else where I have ordered kibbeh, the kibbeh comes in the shape of a dumpling, whereas this was served like two pieces of cake from a square pan. Also, normally the bulgur wheat shell is crunchy, whereas the bulgur wheat here was soft and only lined the top of each piece. I also found the kibbeh to be slightly on the bland side. However, since the two side dishes I had here were quite good, I feel comfortable giving Haji-Baba four stars and would definitely come here again to try a different dish.
I recently discovered Haji-Baba and have really fallen in like with it. It's a grocery store as well that sells hard to find Mediterranean spices, juices and other foods.

The restaurant section is pretty small and the decor is a bit old but the food is really good and quick. It's never too spicy and is always hot and fresh. My favorite is the chicken shawarma. The only draw back is everytime I've order a Sprite, I get water. I'm not sure if the waiters aren't paying attention or what but it happens all the time.

That being said for something different I highly recommend Haji-Baba. The portions are rather large so if you're dieting I'd suggest splitting the meal with someone or going there for a cheat day!
It was a Sunday afternoon and we wanted to take the MIL out to lunch in Tempe.  Searching   Yelp for the small, independent kitchens, we happened on Haji-Baba.  Reading the reviews, I see that one of my favorite reviewers gives it a high-five.  This is enough for me.  We head on down and find this place on east Apache Blvd in a small, mostly empty strip mall. Haji-Baba is a small, unassuming dining room attached to a ME grocery.  It was interesting wandering around the grocery and checking out all the different items for sale.  We quickly found a table and met the waiter.

reading the menu, I found several things that interested me - the Chicken or Beef Sharwerma definitely - the menu descriptions made them both sound delicious.  The wife decided on the chicken.  Wanting to break out of that, and finding the name somewhat funny, I ordered the Kabob Koubideh and the MIL had the vegetarian combination.  I had iced tea to wash it down.

The Koubideh is essentially ground beef marinated in onion juice and grilled on a skewer, coming out looking like a hamburger in the shape of a hot dog.  This plate came with two tasty kabobs, a big pile of steamed Basmati rice and bread.  There was also a Tzaziki-style sauce that helped add some moisture to the meal and was delicious when mixed with the rice.  The chicken Sharwerma was a big pile of marinated chicken with a dollop of garlic mayonnaise on top, with the same rice and bread as well as a side of hummus.  I tasted that and it too, was very tasty, especially when combined with the mayonnaise.  The MIL was not real happy with the veggie plate, and for me it just looked like a bunch of steamed vegetable stuff.

My iced tea was delicious, with a cinnamon-y taste.  I wish I could have had a refill on that.  I was impressed with the diversity of the dining crowd, it was most definitely multi-cultural and everybody seemed to be enjoying the meal.  Paying the check is a bit of an ordeal and could be handled better - essentially, the waiter leaves the ticket stub on your table, which you take to the cashier in the grocery, who then locates your ticket and rings it up.  Yes, you have to wait in line with the grocers and the take-away orderers.  This was a bit confusing at first, as we waited about 20 minutes before getting the waiters attention so he could explain the process.  Heck, I didn't even see him drop the stub off.  Anyway, it was a decent meal and at a great price.
The best chicken shawarma I have ever had. Just the best. 

The place is run down, really in need of a makeover. I don't care too much about that if the health department is okay with them. 

The grocery selection is okay, but better at the other location down the street. I think if they could add fresh carryout stuff--tabouleh and hummus, for instance--it would really make them a five star place.

Just a great sandwich. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other stuff. How have I lived in the Valley since 1996 and not tried this before?
This place is super great for lunch and is really cheap. Get all of their sandwiches on handmade pita for a great experience. The arabic coffee and pomegranate juice are great as well. They only do take out on certain days of the week but don't let that stop you. This is the best Middle Eastern food in the Tempe area for sure, not to mention the most affordable! Woop Woop!
Good gyros at very reasonable prices. Gets crowded at lunch time, so get there early.
Whoa, Yelp - you really shined on this one! Reading several Yelps describing the great prices, portions and quality I had to see for myself... The location is conveniently close to the ASU campus, though you need to be ready for the turn as the place is a little hard to spot..

  Wanting to spice things up for a looong Monday I felt compelled to follow the suggestions of 6-year Haji-Babanian veteran Alexis R. and went for the lamb tongue sandwich with babaganooj appetizer. The baba' came out first, quickly and with accompanying pita bread - bursting with flavor.. I'm glad the sandwich came out fast too, else I miss the chance to throw some 'ganoush in there for good measure.

  The sandwich was tasty, and different (and my supernormal appetite would not have protested more meat).. Would try again, likely in the 'platter' form that includes more food and variety for under $10.

  This would suffice for a good review yet the place is half devoted to a cultural grocery store! I had a nice chat with Mohammad up front, picked up 2 varieties of baklava for dessert and a packet of beef shwarma spices for a future attempt at some home cookin'!
I've been back two more times this week. Three times in one week to a single place is a new record for me. I have had a chance to try the koobideah and the beef shawarma. Both were very good, but to me nothing compares to their chicken shawarma. I'll keep sampling though.
I like Haji-Baba quite a lot. They have a delicious falafel sandwich that is priced well. If you are a vegan or vegetarian like me, this is a big deal. Granted, that's about all I can order here, but it's worth it. Probably the best part about Haji-Baba, though, is their market. The food and kitchen tools are reasonably priced.
Haji-Baba was recently profiled on the television show "CHECK PLEASE ARIZONA" and after the great reviews they got on the tv, we had to try it. This was our BEST "check please" experience to date!

THE FOOD: make plans to go more than once, because even with the combination plates, you'll want to go back again and again until you've tasted it all! Yes, yes, the Chicken Shawerma is ah-may-zing! And yes, the portion sizes are very big (most folks leave with to-go boxes, but it's also hard not to over-order with such tasty offerings all over the menu). But the combination plates, in my opinion, are the way to go. It's not just a little bit of this and that... it's a full serving of this and that, and everything is so delicious, you'll be amazed with every bit. From the warm, delicious stuffed grape leaves to the hummous to the kebabs to, well, everything!

THE DRINKS: I have to mention this briefly... I'm an iced tea fan and the tea here is wonderful. They are always so busy, I haven't slowed someone down to ask what the slightly sweet flavor is, but it's the tea itself, not a sweetener. Yum!

THE SHOP: the building is 2/3 restaurant, 1/3 store... don't forget to pick up some truly fantastic baklava and/or turkish delight at the back counter register when you pay after your meal... it may be the best sweet treats you've ever had.

WHEN TO GO: they get busy and you may have to wait a few minutes, but because they are also a store, you can browse the aisles for european/asian cookies and tea and such while you're waiting... and its all worth the wait. so really, it isn't when to go, it's why haven't you already? the chefs in the kitchen are masterful and the staff will make you feel right at home... and, of course, it's likely to be some of the best food you've ever had!
This place was great.  Nothing fancy, just a small and very busy lunch spot.  Large portions, great hummus and everything tasted amazing.  Go with a big appetite and enjoy.  Thanks to all of the Yelpers that pointed me this way!
Hands down the best middle eastern restaurant in the Tempe area.  You can't beat the prices, everything is always consistently good (we go here about once a week).

Favorites: 
Hummus and Gyro Delux!

Don't forget to grab some baklava too, this is the best i've ever had (and that includes having some while in the middle east)
I used to come here once a week but one time gyro meat was undercooked and nasty.  I haven't been back since.  But, the kefir cheese with the pita is amazing.
We have tried many middle eastern restaurants over the years.  I was introduced to Haji Baba during my college years - almost 20 years ago.  

Hands down, it is the BEST middle eastern food around and the prices can't be beat.  We moved to Utah about 10 years ago and searched for food that was as tasty as it is here.  At the end of the meal, we would say, "well, it was okay, but it's no Haji Baba."  When we decided to move back to Arizona, the first place we went for lunch out was Haji Baba!  It continues to be delicious.

I also love the market that is inside.  I buy all of my feta here as well as greek olives.  They have awesome prices on the feta and olives as well as spices that can be hard to find elsewhere.  

There are several things worthy of complaining about, but the food is so good that it makes it all worth it.  This place is very popular, which makes it difficult to find a table during peak times.  Lunch is crazy busy!  The service in the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  It's pretty bare bones and definitely not at all like the nice chain greek restaurants (think My Big Fat Greek....)  We no longer eat in the restaurant, we now go for take out.  This place does a huge amount of take out so call your order in ahead of time.

Great food, good portion sizes, great prices.

I don't know why we keep trying different middle eastern food restaurants, it's Haji Baba's gyros that we always wish we had eaten instead!  Nothing is better!
My previous review still stands, though now I'm pretty much all about the Chicken Schwarma "Sandwich". I even got scolded once for calling it a "Chicken Schwarma Gyro". Since I'm all for delicious, cheap food with a side of cultural sensitivity lessons, 5 stars!
Haji-baba I love you!
Best middle eastern food!!! :)
I came here last week 3 times for the chicken shawarma plate and kabob. 
If I lived in Arizona I would have to come here at least once a week... it's that good!
Reasonable prices, casual dining and friendly service!
Stress free parking!
If I ever visit Arizona again... HAJIBABA will be first on the the list!
If you live in the area or visiting Arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!
Arizona I'm so jealous!
I'm a fan!
-Miss Yelp 2012
This place is a gem. there is a reason it is frequently busy. the prices are fantastic (they did FINALLY raise them a bit, and it's still cheap as hell!). the food is basic, and fresh, and tasty. ask for a side of pickles, for like .75 cents, and they will bring you a bunch of them....and they're so good! the service occasionally comes with a little attitude...but only a little. noisy, crowded, and not fancy. but the food ROCKS. i suggest the falafal sandwich for around $3. THANK YOU HAJI BABA!! oh, and not to mention they have an absolutely kick-ass middle eastern market in the restaurant! Buy your pita bread here for $1, and it's much better than the grocery store one for $3. Enjoy!
Love the food at haji baba. The gyro deluxe for $4 is great for a cheap lunch and I get the chicken shwarma plate if I'm really hungry. Both dishes are fantastic and very flavorful! Definitely one of the gems in Tempe!
Very solid middle eastern food in a below average location. Chicken shwerma was the outstanding as was the Taboule and Gyro meat. Very reasonably priced as well which is good because the atmosphere is quite bad and the neighborhood is not the greatest.

Also, do yourself a favor, don't look into the kitchen when you're paying. Just don't. Clearly the health inspector is being paid to look the other way at this place. At this delicious place!!
Love the food and the staff is friendly. You cannot beat the price and did I mention the food is top notch!
I ate at Haji-Baba for the first time today and will definitely be going back! I had the beef shawarma plate and it came LOADED with food. The extremely tender beef melted in your mouth and the rice and salad complimented it perfectly. There's no doubt this place is a hit (especially for lunch). We got there before the rush but when we were leaving, there was a line forming just waiting for tables to clear. The sandwiches are a very good price as well ~$4.00 so I might try that next. If you like middle eastern food, this is the place to go!
If you've ever gyros hopped before, you know that not all gyros are created equal, and until today; if asked, I would have told you my favorite gyros is at Cypress Grill. I am happy to report, opinion changed!

I've had this spot bookmarked for quite a while now, the trouble is that I spoiled myself by moving a mile away from where I work; I've got dining, shopping, and work all within 5 minutes. There's 4 froyo shops, 5 gyros spots, 6 grocery stores, countless dining, dive bars, comedy clubs, open mics, music and more. Travelling outside of my acceptable radius is quite the big deal. There's usually some type of planning, engagement, or craving involved that just can't happen inside my bubble. 

I recently was in the Tempe area and decided to strike while the iron is hot. If you visit expecting the usual quick serve, show up, eat, and leave setting - you're only partly right, but Haji-Baba is so much more. Haji is a Middle East / Mediterranean market - who also makes one heck of a gyros, and I'm happy to stamp my opinion of "Personal Favorite - thus far" on it. 

I ordered up a Gyros DLX - sans tomato. This thing comes falling out the pita with a generous portion of gyros, lettuce, onion, tomato, tatziki, feta cheese and all wrapped up with a hand made pita. Best yet, it's under five bucks! - if you're not into the hand made pita or fresh of the block feta cheese, it's younger brother "Gyros" comes with the same delicious lamb and beef gyros for about $3.69.

Though, why stop at just the gyros? This place is flushed with great imported foods and fresh made desserts to order up from their market. Shop through aisles of items like spices, sauces, pickled beets, harissa (spicy pepper sauce), cookies, and so much more. Check in their glass case for fresh made pastires, olives, and feta cheese. On a whim I tried out one of their harissas and haven't looked back since. Now I'm blending up my favorite spicy pepper hummus with jalepeno, garlic, and harissa week after week. - message me if you want the recipe; it's awesome, I promise ;-)

Happy Yelping Phoenix - break outside your bubble once in a while and you'll be surprised at what you can find!
You better come hungry because they pile on the food!  I never thought I'd like middle eastern food, but wanted to try something different from the daily chicken sandwich and burgers, and OMG!!! 

Come and get the chicken schwerma. I just have never had anything like it. 

The location is great but as you walk in you're going to wonder if you're in the right place. 

True hole in the wall gold mine!!
Awesome food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat.  Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap.
Talk about great!! I was very hesitant to go and was sure I wouldn't like Middle eastern food. I was blown away! I had the Gyro DLX minus the onion and added feta. It was out of this world. I was so surprised. It's a mixture of lamb/beef, tomatoes, cucumber mint yogurt sauce. I added in Feta (great choice). I also had a lemonade to which they add rose water. Delicious! You won't be disappointed. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but who cares? The food is great.
Haji-Baba's hummus is the quickest way to my heart. It is also, without question, the best hummus I have ever had. Everyone I have ever brought here agrees. It is worth making the drive from Tucson on its own.

But that is not all thats fantastic about this place. The gyros here are incredible. I prefer mine deluxe which includes their home-made feta cheese, which is also just incredible. Its not as salty as most feta cheeses are, and its a bit more creamy as well. So in other words, its better than most feta cheeses by miles.

The chicken schwarma is also one of my favorites. When I bring someone, I encourage that we each order one or the other and then split them so we each get half of two amazing pita sandwiches. Other favorites of mine include the baba ganouch, the chicken salad, the fallafel, and the rose water lemonade. Ahh, soooo refreshing.

The sandwiches especially are extremely inexpensive and worth every penny, but everything is pretty well priced. The market inside is a great place to buy spices on the cheap and one of the best places to get things like adjvar and middle eastern breads. Fresh made baklava is also a "dont-miss-it" item. 

Honestly, I've been coming here since I was a little kid and there are not enough good things I can say about this place. Everyone in-the-know knows about this place. So be an upstanding, knowledgeable, productive member of society and find yourself here.
It rocks. Some of the best Med food in the valley. Took two of my friends there last night and they really liked it, too. Except for the part of getting pulled over by the Tempe police for temporarily stopping in the bike lane, an excellent evening was had by all.
I just...I find this place to be very unfair.  Why is it in Phoenix when I live in Tucson?  Why does it have way better hummus, chicken schwarma, gyros and babaganoush than anywhere I can find in Tucson?  Why do they have better home-made feta cheese than anywhere in Tucson?  Why, Haji-Baba?  Why?  I want answers!

I really love hole-in-the-wall places.  This place is no exception.  Their hummus was described to me as "creamy" and I made a vomit noise.  But it is totally creamy.  But not with dairy, it's like they put it through a mill or something, because a food processor could never in a million years make it that smooth.

The babaganoush was tangy and flavorful, served with freaking amazing pita bread that was warm.  The chicken schwarma was...I don't know that words can describe it.  Basically anything I say will make is sound not as good as it was.  Divine doesn't cut it.  Juicy, perfectly cooked, exploding with flavor...I mean...they work for now.  I will make up a word soon that adequately describes it.

The gyro was spectacular.  The meat was seasoned to tender perfection, and they put home made feta cheese on it!  The feta cheese is not nearly as salty as any other kind I have ever had, and it was way creamier.

We had rose-water lemonade, which I have indeed found in Tucson.  At the street fair.  You know, the one that happens twice a year?  I am pretty happy to find a place that has it year-round!
I come here for all my groceries. Not only do they have a great middle-eastern selection... They have an area to dine indoors with a great selection of middle-eastern foods at great prices. Great for families and even college students to drop by for some quick lunch.
Haven't been to Haji yet? Get here. And make sure to ask for extra sauce, their sour cream cucumber sauce is bomb!
So I found this little market place serving Mediterranean  food.  Place reminded me of little Asian market.  Disorganized and cluttered.  I was very skeptical about this place, but I read yelp review and figure what can it go wrong.... Right?

Well, waited 40 mins to get my food, because they forgot my order.  Chicken was burnt.  I mean it was so black, I thought I was eating a charcoal.

I made small compliant to them, they offered to give me $3 off the tab..  I would of been more pleased if they remade my food, but they were closing.  So $3 off the tab was the only option they given me..

Salad was decent.  Fresh and great dressing.  Hummus was decent.  Little salty and sour compared to others.  
Rice was okay, nothing special.  

Food was about average to me.  I had a better experience eating at "Greek wrap" on bell road.  

I don't think I will be returning to this place after the experience I've encountered.  It is not worth of waiting 15 mins for seating, getting over cooked food, and not getting my order for 40 mins.  

Maybe next time, they will get my order correct, however, it is not worth the trip for average food..
I have come here a bunch of times and decided it is time to write a review. 

I have tried many things on the menu, including the falafel, shawarma, gyro and chicken kebob and they were all great!

Literally the BEST chicken shawarma I have every had in my entire life (including the when I was in the middle east). The gyro is also really good.

I always sub salad for tabouleh because the salad dressing is amazing. 

I must come here once a week for a chicken shawarma plate with rice, hummus and salad!

Highly Recommended!
Its about time this place got an actual review for anyone who has never been. 

The food is DELICIOUS and inexpensive.  Everything I've ever had there was fantastic. Of all the times I've been and all the people I've taken, I have never heard anything less than a 'wow, that was wonderful.'  Not only is the food reasonably priced, it comes in large portions in a timely manner. Just talking about it is making me crave it.  

However, be warned that this place is more of a 'lunch with your friends' restaurant and less of a 'romantic date with your lover.'  While the food is delightful, the atmosphere is strange and, to be frank, slightly dirty.  From the market on the side, to the plastic glassware, to the aged chairs, this place is not much to look at.  So if you're looking for a tasty, affordable meal, Haji-Baba is a must.  If you're looking for the next hip spot, you may want to try somewhere with a little more flattering lighting.  

Overall, the service is always wonderful, the food is absolutely worth it, but just know that Haji-Baba is not you're typical 5 star restaurant.
Oh, the hummus.  The hummus.  I've had many hummuses in my life, and Haji-Baba's hummus... just so smooth, so perfect.

Okay... other food.  Right.  Their gyro meat is very well done, and if I have any criticism, it would be they slice their gyro meat off the spit in much too large of slices.  It's not overseasoned or particular greasy, very tender.  When ordering with the plate, it comes with a side salad on house dressing and a helping of rice.  There's nothing particularly to the rice and they offer way, way too much - enough for several days worth of leftovers.  I'm also not too impressed with the side salad - the dressing is a bit salty and my salad was overdressed.

The falafel are fantastic.  Crispy, slightly crumbling, slightly moist, great for some delicious hummus dipping.

Haji-Baba is part sit-down restaurant, part counter-service restaurant, part Middle Eastern market, and it all somehow makes total sense when you step inside.  Prices are excellent.  Service is friendly.  A casual, inexpensive place to grab lunch or pick up some snacks.
I was surprised that it was such a small place that is both a grocery and a restaurant. 

They have the best homemade iced tea, spiced with tamarind or cardamon or something...

The server was so friendly and cute.  He reminded me of my little brother or someone like that.  They have THE BEST feta cheese ever!!!  It was the perfect blend of moisture and flavor (I hate it when it's so dry that it just crumbles).  And the side of feta that we ordered was the size of a bread plate.  Heaven!

Maybe I shouldn't have ordered that side of pickles, which was also the size of a bread plate :) But they were so good!

We ordered a side of pita bread, too, which came out to our table warm... and then it kept on coming.  

I had the vegetarian combination plate for dinner.  I was shocked when I saw the huge portion size... I felt like my eyes might have been bigger than my stomach.  The combo plate came with a small salad, 2 falafel with tahini sauce, tabouleh, 2 dolmas, a huge portion of baba, a side of tzaziki, and pita.  Yeah, WOW!  I fell in love with this food at first bite!

These people really don't want you to leave hungry, that's for sure!

I noticed that they also had so many shisha flavors, so I purchased a huge box of watermelon for $10.92.  I love these prices!!!
Cheap is good...not always, but in this case, it is.  Sketchy atmosphere, but come here for the food.  Go to the counter to order take-out, sit in the dining room for service.  Service is kind of slow.  That's just how it is.  My wife ordered baba ganouj and the chicken shawerma platter.  Very good baba ganouj, smokey, mellow, creamy.  Chicken shawerma is very good, tasty, tender, moist, with garlic sauce on the side.  Tabooli is good, although I'm not a fan.  Rice is quite good, as is the hommos (their spelling).  

I had the Foul (fava beans), which were quite good, and the Kabab Mixed, which included a chicken kabab, beef koubideh, and shish kabab, hommos, tabouli, but no rice. The chicken was the best of the bunch, good char, tender, moist  The shish kabab was overdone in my opinion, but still tender.  The koubideh, I could pass on.

The pita comes hot, and slightly crispy.  Wonderful!  Grabbed a chicken shawerma and hommos to go, on our way out of town.
I come here every so often but rarely eat here because it's usually a visit for groceries and hookah things. Well tonight was different!
   I wanted a gyro deluxe with extra sauce to go, and it was the most soul-touchingly delicious sloppy mess I can remember. This is an incredible thing. More tomato bits would've been nice, but that's it. The (goat?) cheese chunks may not be for everyone but I was pleasantly surprised with its presence. For me it's all about the extra sauce. I'm not saying your gyro will be dry unless you have extra, but this is how I love it.
   I hear the shwarma is also very good.
INSIDE SKINNY: Fresh dates come in November!! $5-something per pound. They're available year-round at the counter, but best in winter and spring after harvest.
My mom used a gift card to try this place when she was in town.  We ordered just a few starters but what we tried was really good food.  My taste buds were overloaded with favors, its a nice change from eating plain old American food.  I would take my wife back for us to try a main dish.
The reviews are correct-there's sum great Mediterranean food to be had here. The gyros, feta cheese & hummus is great. Next tym I'll try the chicken Schwarma everyone Raves about. Super busy store so don't freak out if your high maintenance, try n go w the flow.....
Good food, very tasty and authentic, and great prices. Seriously, you cannot beat the prices here, they are downright awesome.

You can walk in this restaurant with 15 bucks and fully feed two adults no problem. The portions are big and they really give you what you pay for. The dishes usually have rice or hummus or salad, and they are all pretty tasty. 

The falafels are good, not the greatest on earth, but very good. The hummus too, it's tasty and authentic and has a nice rich flavor. The side salad is surprisingly tasty for being cheap lettuce, it has this tasty sauce that has tahini in it, I personally add a little lemon to it for more taste.

The entrees are good, the meat is tasty, and the sides are heaping. You get a good sized meal for 7-8 bucks.

My only issue are the pitas, they are the same old cheap white flour pitas you can find in the grocery store. Nothing special or tasty, just typical plain old pitas. I really wish they would offer whole wheat pitas, especially for the people with allergies to white flour and simple sugars. It's rare to see whole wheat in any mediterranean place.

My favorite dish here is the one that freaks most people out...THE LAMB'S TONGUE!
It sounds weird, but it is absolutely delicious people, you have to try it. Seriously, get over your little phobias and try the lamb tongue pita. It tastes just like the best pastrami or corned beef in mediterranean flavors, it's the best thing on the menu.
Try it!
Turkish coffee!!  Drink so much.  
Thick as dirty motor oil and the fine grounds in the bottom are like chewing on sand. I Love it.
The food is also really good.
Fyresite.com love's Haji for lunch. Its our default lunch spot. Favorite menu item: Chicken Shwarma Plate. They have the best chicken shwarma in Phoenix, hands down! highly recommended
I love me some middle eastern food, and this place definitely met my expectations.  
I gave it four stars because it's not the prettiest atmosphere, it's on the side of a grocery store, but I'm totally a fan of dives so I didn't care.  Also they charge 50 cents for refills on your soda, but the food prices are cheap for what you get so that doesn't matter too much.
I ordered the chicken shawerma platter and is was amazing. Lots of food for what you pay for, and a literal MOUNTAIN of tabooli on the side. Yum!
After you eat your dinner, remember to get Baklava on your way out.  It is the bomb!
Haji-Baba is SO GOOD! I often crave the Gyros Dlx and their iced tea. The hummus is great, the chicken shawarma is awesome, combo plate etc etc... Great portion sizes and their prices just can't be beat. The place isn't fancy but is certainly a local favorite.  If you aren't too cool to enjoy a great hole in the wall restaurant and grocery, you need to check out Haji-Baba. The place just seriously rocks.
Went there a few months ago and missed the closing time. It was around 8pm which seemed alittle early...So months later, we went back and I'm glad we were able to find a seat!
It's a small place and service is fair, however, the hummus was one of the best I've had around town. Very smooth and creamy. I had the gyro sandwich and he had the shawarma. Both very tasty and great portions! 

While he was checking out, I was checking out the grocery part of the place. LOVED IT! I am hoping to get back soon to get some more shawarma seasonings :)
Def worth the visit...
I have eaten here for awhile...food always great and great prices, Turkish coffee amazing...new to this yelp and wanted to review one of my favorite places that I always introduce to my friends...over the years havent had one not LOVE IT as well. It is a casual atmosphere, but dont just dine here the grocery store is a great find, their spices, olive oil is very good good prices...definitely save!  If you like the Feta cheese on their salad and food in the restaurant they sell it behind the counter in the grocery store part...and it is cheaper than in the regular grocery stores. It is the French Feta they serve in restaurant, I asked after picking wrong kind of feta the first time. They have take out. It can get really busy at lunch time during the week......
I heard from some friends that this place was awesome and that it was much better than Pita Jungle.  If its better than Pita I am all over it.  My husband and I went and we got the two most popular things on their menu plus an iced tea.  The flavors were very nice but I didnt like the use of dark chicken meat.  To me it just doesnt taste as good and there was no choice it just comes that way.  Other things were really dry and not as good as what I am used to when I go out to eat.  The iced tea was nice it was a black tea with cinnamon added so not that special but I guess it is different than the norm which I like.  To me Pita Jungle and My Big Fat Greek are far superior but of course it would depend on what you ordered.  I like spicy and I love tahini.  This place was kinda below average for me and I think its because of the dark meat chicken.  My husband left his whole plate untouched pretty much.  He had a sampler with grape leaves, meat balls, rice, etc.  it wasnt that good but we brought it home and I warmed it up the next day and it was much better for some reason.
Don't let Haji Baba's humble appearance fool you, this is probably one of the best restaurants in all of Tempe. I've never had chicken shawarma like they make it at Haji Baba. They always serve it with just enough garlic sauce, unlike many other Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe.

It gets packed around 11:30am-1pm, but still wait for a table instead of ordering to go. Your order will get pushed back behind all ones for people who are seated if you order to go and it will take about 40 minutes to get anything.
This place is EASILY one of my favorite spots in Arizona.  

First off, it's Middle Eastern food.  Second, the prices are very very reasonable.  Third, no matter how long it's been since my last visit, they always remember me. 

I have had a lot of items on the menu, but I typically gravitate towards the Greek salad (lettuce, tomatoes, kalamata olives, cucumber, fat chunks of sheep milk feta, and their AMAZING dressing) $5.99 for a large salad that includes some pita.  I also really enjoy their vegetarian plate, which comes with: falafel, tzatziki, pita, tabooli, stuffed grape leaves and baba ganoush (but I sub for hummus). $7.99 for two meals worth of food!!  Any and all dining cohorts have equally enjoyed their food selections, and usually go back for more:) In addition to all the veg options, they also have chicken/lamb/beef stuffs and they even have a tongue sandwich! (Ew to me, yum to people I know).  I really dig their beverage options: pomegranate juice, sodas, iced tea with a familiar flavor that I can't quite figure out, yogurt soda, lemonade flavored with rose water (my favorite!).  

In addition to having delicious food, great service and low prices, they also have a grocery store on the opposite side of the restaurant.  It's great!  Lots of great ingredients that are hard to find in a regular grocery store.  They even have all the fixings for your hookah enthusiasts.  

The walls are adorned with "Best of Phoenix" awards dating back to the 80's, and it's no wonder.  

I give them two BIG thumbs up!
Good Food, Good Service and consistent.  My whole family can eat there and have great food and a good time.
My friends and I ate here for the first time today. It's a small place attached to a store where you can buy middle eastern foods too.  2 of us had the gyro plate which consisted of gyro meat covered in taziki sauce, jasmine rice and a salad for $7.69. The other person had chicken shwarma with hummas & tabuli.  All plates were excellent! It's not much to look at from the outside, but don't let that fool you, the food was delicious!  Would highly recommend!!
I'm pretty sure this is my favorite restaurant at the moment.  I never leave Phoenix without stopping here. 

The shawarma is divine (best I've had in Arizona, and a close runner-up for all time) and the gyros are outstanding.  In fact, I've never had anything bad here.  I'm not even a huge tabbouleh fan, and I still wolf down Haji-Baba's.  On top of that, everything is pretty cheap and you get huge portions.  I can always get at least two meals out of one of their platters.

The place itself is a little unassuming storefront.  It's almost a diner feeling in the restaurant area.  It also has a pretty awesome little grocery where you can pick up a little bit of everything from fresh feta, hookah supplies and (my favorite) Kinder chocolates.  It can get a bit hectic at peak meal times (you pay up at the front in the grocery), but always worth it.  We've only had bad service once and even then, they were very good about making it up to us and gave us a free bakalava and mint tea for dessert.

Definitely give this place a try, even if you're not a fan of Middle Eastern food. It'll change your mind!
Absolutely THE BEST gyro I have ever eaten. Hummus was great, along with the baba ganoush. Yum Yum Yum. Wish there was one in Gilbert; I'd be there every day. Only 4 stars though because I ordered the lamb shish kabob and the meat was a little on the  tough side. But the Gyro beats all else anyway.
Not real sure about this place.  It's as if someone put up some shelves and emptied out boxes as they were handed to them without some real thought.  The shelves are jumbled and hard to navigate and if you aren't a man, do not expect any assistance from the cashier.  She was NOT happy to have women in her shop.

If I didn't need something specific while I was in AZ for a dish I was making for my hostess I would have walked right back out.  Normally in a small shop like this I would show my support and do some shopping, but not this time.

I am SO GLAD I do not live here I won't be needing to come back here anytime soon.  Plus the place just looked dirty.
Food is always so tasty!
Is it a market with a dining area or a restaurant with a market?  Does it really matter?  It is just plain good!!

If you are looking for a no frills spot, Haji Baba is for you!  The small dining area is on the right side of the market, with a few tables even spilling out into the market itself.  It gets very busy during lunchtime, so arrive early or be prepared for a wait.  

While the menu offers a variety of choices, being a creature of habit, I typically stick with what I know and love - the gyro sandwich.  Nice and simple - a hearty portion of gyro meat, cool lettuce, pickle, tomato and creamy tatziki enveloped in a large, soft pita.  All this goodness for $3.99.  Yes, really $3.99.  I can never finish it, even though I really, really try.  I also like their hummus (served with warm soft pita it is a great appetizer to share) as well as the spanakopita.  Actually, I have enjoyed everything I have tried.  So, you really can't go wrong.

The payment process is interesting - the waiter drops off a ticket stub at the table that you bring to the market register to pay.  If you are with a group, each person can pay separately by telling the cashier their items on the total ticket, which is nice.  And, if you happen to grab some of the tasty chocolate wafer cookies by the register to add to your bill, that is not a bad thing.

Be sure to ask for some delicious baklava to go!
Ahmad Hamdi is the best server. Always and forever. Doesn't matter if he's working here or not.
The best middle eastern food I have eaten in Phoenix. The service is very prompt and the food comes out quickly. My favorite plate is the Gyro deluxe with pita and hummus. Cannot go wrong with Haji-Baba!
I had the Gyro plate and it was absolutely delicious! cannot wait to go back and try the Beef Shawerma.
Very unassuming from the outside.  Small grocery store with sit down cafe on the opposite side.  I ordered the chicken shawerma and absolutely loved it!  The chicken was cooked to perfection with a garlic mayo topping.  The plate comes with a helping of hummus, rice and tabbouleh.  My husband ordered the beef shawarma and thought my chicken was much better.   It was more than we could finish.  We also saw lots of folks with the chicken gyros which looked ample and delish.  Service is quick, the price is right and the staff is friendly.  We will definitely return.
This place is a fantastic, hole-in-the-wall sort of place.  I LOVE their schawarma and falafel sandwiches.  This is my go-to place for lunch because I just work a mile down the street. 

They guys that work the registers are friendly and the food is delicious.  I've never sat down at the restraunt side.  For To-Go, just walk to the back of the market and order at the register.
I love this hidden diamond in the rough.  It's been around for over 20 yrs. There's the Tempe Firehouse across the street and a new apartment complex in construction off Apache and Elm.

I love the chicken schwerma plate and sandwich like everyone else who commented.  So much so, I bought the spice they sell in their grocery side of the building.  They do it so much better.  

It's always packed during lunch time.  I work close by  and find that it is just as fast to go there and order my chicken schwerma sandwich to go, without a call in,  as it does for Jimmy John's sandwich to arrive, which is only half a mile away.  Haji-Baba wins, hands down the better sandwich and better price of $3.89.

This is usually true if there are not people waititng in line to pay for their shopping cart full of groceries.  How does that happen?  The aisles barely fit 2 people in it.


Anyways, if you've never tried it, you're in for real treat.  It is also a great place to buy spices, olive oil, lemon juice and try new things.
Just come here and eat. Everything is delicious.
If you want to eat a delicious falafel, look no further.  Kabobs? Shawarma? Same thing.

I've been coming here since my ASU days and I definitely missed it when I moved away. I've never heard a complaint or dissatisfaction from anyone who has come here to eat.  It's a casual eatery with tasty food at a great price.   I like to split dishes so I can enjoy the different tastes more.  Although salad is really standard, the dressing is amazing for their signature side salad.
3.5 stars

I ordered the vegetarian platter & hummus. Why is it so hard to find good hummus?!?! Their hummus was okay. The tabouli salad & falafel was good and their grape leaves were okay. It's pretty cheap though so I guess I shouldn't complain too much.
Okay... Amazing. That's pretty much all I have to say about this place. Cheap and delicious! I had never been here before but I've heard great things about it. I had the chicken salad. Yum! I will definitely be back.
Sweet fancy Moses this place is delicious!  Very authentic middle-eastern fare with nice friendly service.  I had the Combination Combination, gyros, dolmas, tabouli, falafel, etc....all the good stuff you would expect when ordering this kind of food.  It was all fantastic and for all this food it was only $11.99!  

Highly recommended spot in a strip mall, where apparently all good restaurants in Phoenix are located...
A friend recommended Haji-Baba's and I have to say I was really happy I listened.
I thought she was crazy when she told me that I had to try the tabbouleh but boy was I wrong. It was amazing. They portion sizes and prices are great. I will definitely be back.
Had lunch here today with a friend. We have both eaten here many times and were a bit disappointed. The food is good but we both thought that it use to be better. True, for what you pay it is a feast but I wouldn't use todays lunch as a measuring stick for all Arab restaurants. We will eat here again for sure, hoping that we caught them on a bad day today.
This place is the best Mediterranean food in town. Love it. When I'm not there I can't stop thinking about it. Gotta get the chicken shwarma plate, I promise you will not be sorry.
This place is awesome. I got the chicken shawerma plate and it was so good. It was cheap and I got enough for two meals which I liked because I can take some home. I love how they have sriracha on the table too. Will definitelty be back.
Brilliant. The gyro sandwich and chicken shawarma were great. Service was prompt and courteous, and the iced tea was tasty. And the baklava were the best I think I've ever eaten. 

I'll definitely be coming back!
Great food always! Great little market, full of treats and good eats. Don't leave without a variety of the baklava. I recommend going here any day!
Been coming here for a couple of years on and off, customer service isn't good and at times pretty rude. Chicken shawarma is the best in town, beef shawarma is the worst in town. And their gyro shawarma is alright and I was notified by an employee that the gyro is not halal.
Absolutely great. Not a traditional setting, but the food is fantastic. Good for lunch or dinner. Skewers of meat, veggies, Turkish coffee, yogurt soda...
Good food at very reasonable prices. Could use a little cleaning and "freshening up" but I've enjoyed all the food I've eaten there - I've been there about 7 or 8 times.
Outstanding food, authentic recipes and quality ingredients, freshly prepared and served hot, or cold, and fresh. All set in a quaint and unique setting which is amongst a grocery store.  These are the reasons I have been frequenting Haji-Baba for over 20 years now. It is the go to place for quintessential Middle Eastern food and authentic, tasty, savory, nutritious and delicious offerings for both vegetarians and those who enjoy protein and meat.  
I have eaten Greek and Indian foods elsewhere and seem to always judge those meals by this standard, and it is not until I come back, taste the sampler platter, fill my belly, and get some baklava to go, that I realize Haji-Baba is the real deal.

Haji-Baba is Five Stars All The Way! + A Grocery Store Too!
Just Go Already!
Been going here for 20 years and have never been disappointed.
I've been here twice and have eaten the beef and chicken shwarma plates. They're both really good (although the beef is better). Good hummus, good sides. I tried my friend's grape leaves last time and they were delightful. I'll definitely come back!
My favorite dish here is the chicken shwarma plate. It's especially good when they burn it a little bit so it's crispy! It comes with weird diced salad, hummus, pita and rice. I could eat here every day it's so good!

Service is alright, but I just care about the food at places like these.

5/5 WCB
Quick, no frill restaurant situated in a Mediterranean/Arabic grocery store. Had lunch here my first day in Tempe and the food kept me fueled for the rest of the day. Ordered the beef shawarma and it was quite good. I think the chicken might've been better as some pieces of the beef had been cooked too long and had that mealy texture. The dish usually came with salad, rice, and Arabic bread, but I don't eat grains so just asked for more salad. It was a big dish. The dressing on the salad was tasty, and even though it was mostly iceberg lettuce, I was fine with it this time. The beef came topped with ample tahini sauce. I ate about 3/4 of it and took the rest with me. Dinner for the night taken care of!

My total came out to $8 something including tax. Pretty good for a quick, tasty yet filling lunch. 

When I was leaving saw that they have lamb tongue as a sandwich. I wonder if they would make that into a plate dish instead of a sandwich...I bet that's delicious!
I was introduced to this stellar establishment by my brother before I moved out to AZ and it has remained one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix metro.  The atmosphere may not be the most appealing, but I doubt you'll be paying much attention once you taste your first morsel of pure scrumptiousness.

I've tried everything on the menu and their food has never failed to disappoint with
my favorites being their Gyro Platter, Hummus, and Babaganoush.  Gyro meat is always tender and perfectly spiced while their Hummus and Babaganous is simplistic but extremely flavorful.   Portion sizes are extremely legit for the price and you either leave the restaurant with nostalgic leftovers or a truly satisfying food coma, both of which I have no complaint.  

On your way out, make sure to grab some of their indulgent Baklava.  Always sweet, always crispy.  

Overall, highly recommended and completely unforgettable.
Some of the best felafel in town. Good food. Pleasant service. Truly affordable. And if you cook with spices, check out theirs. Fresh fragrant and a nice assortment.
I saw the reviews on yelp which took me to this restaurant. It was me and my husband, I ordered the shish ( lamb) kabob plate and my husband ordered the kabob kubideh sandwich. I thought the quantity of lamb on my plate was really less (one small skewer) with lots of rice, salad , one burnt piece of tomato and bell pepper. Plus the dish itself was really dry overall..the taste of the lamb itself was just about average..nothing to rave about. My husband's sandwich was also..well..mehh..very dry, loaded with lettuce and the sandwich bread was not tasty. thing is, we just moved to Arizona from California and the quality of middle eastern food in California is really good and maybe that's why we were disappointed with this place. Anyways I might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma. Till then, I'm going to stick to 'my big fat Greek ' restaurant.
Still great food, but prices have gone up considerably. Used to be college student friendly pricing. Now the prices are on par with all the other middle eaten restaurants in the Valley. This is sad to me because I frequented this place weekly in college for the great food and even better prices!  Still worth checking out if your in the area and in the mood for good middle east food.
Everything is fresh and they have a little market too!
*Note that the restaurant is not in the same building as their international store near Price Dr. but further west on Apache Blvd, just west of McClintock Drive. 

Somewhere in the remote past, I swear that I was an Arabian. My taste buds tell me so. I dream about sitting underneath a feathery date palm as I watch my camel sup from the oasis. I think I must have been a camel driver's daughter. 

But in this life, when I want to satisy my Arabic cravings, I go for the hole-in-the-wall type places and for our 6th anniversary, I tried Haji-Baba. On Sunday, today, it was very crowded. The noise level makes it hard to have a conversation across a table. I will return on a weekday for lunch. 

My husband had the kafta combination. I ordered a la carte yogurt salad, falaafel, baklava (for the first time) and Arabic coffee. Mmmmm. The yogurt salad was just a little on the spicy side, not too bad and very healthy. The hummus was thick and creamy. Baklava is like a granola pastry with a crepe layer on top. I think I tasted honey and cinnamon. The Arabic coffee had just the right amount of kick. 

Just a couple of quirks: They don't give you spoons unless you ask and it's impossible to eat all of the yogurt (hello?) with just a fork and the side of falaafel is supposed to come with 3 pieces and they only gave me two. Also, they're not as generous with their pita bread as other places are. We only got one piece per person. But the food is wonderful. 

I gave my compliments to the cashier. I said, "aT-TaAm bikhaier", which means "the food is good" and he understood me! Yea! Very filling. Try this place.
My favorite place to grab a gyro or Shawarma plate in Tempe. The food is very reasonably priced and you get served relatively quickly. 

I have had pretty much everything on the menu and there is only one item that I do not recommend. I am a bit of an adventurous eater so last time I was there I decided to try to the lamb's tongue.

I am a fan of beef tongue I think under different circumstances I would enjoy Lamb's tongue but the texture was quite gristley and they flavored the tongue with an inordinate amount of lemon. 

There was lemon in everything, the lambs tongue, the rice, and the salad. To make matters worse I ordered a lemonade I could not avoid that damn lemon! 

Despite not enjoying the lamb's tongue everything else is quite delicious. The baklava is spot on!
My first time here was great! I ordered the chicken salad, which was a lot bigger than I expected it to be and tasted delicious. I've noticed a lot of reviewers complaining about the atmosphere- the restaurant is situated inside of a Middle Eastern grocery store, which I actually thought was pretty cool. It's a smaller place with not too much seating, but I liked its charm. I'll be back again! Tip- if you like baklava, they have plenty of different kinds here :)
Started with the olives and babaganoush.  Tasty olive selection.  The babaganoush wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was pretty good.

My daughter had the kabob koubideh sandwich, which I just happened to take a bite or three of when she was done.  Nice and savory and perfectly cooked.

My sister had the chicken schwarma, of which I had a bite and the chicken was tender and flavorful.

I had the combination combination plate.  The gyro meat was very savory and my favorite part of the meal.  The grape leaves, with the warm orange rice, were the best I've ever had.  The falafel were average.  Too much crunch and not enough flavor.  The tabooli was the perfect complement to the savory meat.  I'm not a huge kibbeh fan, but it was decent.  The sambousek was delicious.  

Good service.  Next time I go, I want a tour of the grocery store.
A lot of people probably drives by this place daily and doesn't know what this place had to offer. I been coming to Haji baba for past five years and food quality havens changed. I love everything on the menu. Plus the price is reasonable and great service which is rare in Tempe. Place is a little small since it is dinning room and store. Anyway if you haven't been here it is about time to come in and have some delicious middle eastern food.
I have a hankering for all food of the middle east and these guys know how to throw down. Some of the best schwarma and gyros. Marketplace is great source for spices and sweets you won't find in the neighborhood grocery store.
Very yummy! Had the gyros platter. Very nice portion size for a nice price! The store in the restaurant is great to shop.
We went back for a second visit and it was just as good as the first.  This no frills place was packed due to the upcoming UofA/ASU game.  The chicken shawarma plate is quite delish!  I love the lemony tabouleh, creamy hummus and garlic mayo that comes with the dish.  Had tons of leftovers for the next day meal.  Yum.  They use lots of garlic which we both loved and it didn't matter if we kissed later!
This place is absolutely AMAZING!  I've been coming here for over 16 years and it's the same AMAZING place today that it was back in 1997.  I've never ventured past the Gyros, Chicken Shawerma, and Hummus Tahini but these three menu items are absolutely AMAZING!  The food is AMAZING, the portions are good, and the prices are right.

I hope to write another review 16 years from now saying how AMAZING this place has been over the last 32 years.

Haji Baba Rocks!
This is a few tables on the side of a Mediterranean grocery.
The food is delivered quick, and is very, very delicious and very reasonably priced.
Only reason it is not a 5 star, you have to pay at the counter, and during the lunch rush, it can go 10 people deep, and take forever to get out of there.

Lunch rush is super busy.
The food here is fast cheap and good! I had the gyro sandwich and also sampled my friends falafel and sambousek. Including my friends sandwich and two drinks, our bill was about $15. Great deal and delicious, loved the cucumber sauce and pickle flavors in the sandwich.
Highly recommend coming here if you want good middle eastern cuisine. I gave it 4 stars because of the slow service. Overall a very good place to eat.
Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at Haji Baba. 
We decided to have lunch here after reading the glowing reviews for this place on yelp. At first glance, it looked like any other store in a strip mall but inside, it is divided into a store front & a restaurant. The space is clean & the service is excellent/attentive. 

our lunch consisted of a vegetarian combo plate(falafel x2, baba ganouj, tabbouleh, grape leaves x2) shish kabob plate(lamb kabob x5 pieces,rice, lettuce salad with tahini,1 Arabic bread) side of labni( kind of cream cheese), ful mudammas (mix of beans in a flavored curry sauce)- yes we were really hungry :)
In the veggie combo- The falafel was crispy, freshly made & grape leaves were unlike any I have eaten. The ful mudammas was tasty, well prepared/flavored without being spicy. In case of the shish kabob plate- the lamb was well cooked (I asked for medium done meat & that's what I was served) but it was bland. The portions are huge but prices are reasonable . 
Don't miss picking up some yummy middle eastern desserts from the store, to finish up your meal.  
We left Haji Baba, stuffed/content & with lotsa doggie bags!
Place has an old Arabic architecture, even the aura ( mainly because of the spices)  reminds of Arabian culture. Food is priced reasonably and tasted good.

One thing I noticed that it has no female servers because of conservative Arabian culture.
Oh yelpers....you steered me wrong this time.... I went to Haji Baba yesterday with a friend after having a friend recommend it in addition to having great yelp reviews. Let me say, it was not so awesome. My friend went to wash her hands and said the bathroom was one of the most disgusting bathrooms she had ever seen in a restaurant. We both got the chicken shwarma plate with the garlic sauce...the plate was large, but the food on it was not very good. The chicken was some of the worst quality I have had in a long time....having cartilage and other chewy grossness.... The garlic 'sauce' was more like mayo...really gelatinous. The rice was just plain white rice, the hummus was ok....pretty generic, the tabbouleh was almost all parsley, barely any grains or tomato.....it just was not so pleasant. I would not go back for sure.
I'm a New Yorker and this is the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've eaten at. I came with my husband, son and in-laws. The decor of the restaurant isn't great but I appreciate that since I did not want to be in a fancy restaurant with a crying toddler. The restaurant is attached to the grocery store so if I wanted to attempt making this delicious food I could've bought the ingredients. Amazing food- hummus, tabouli, grilled meats all very tasty. And they receive a 5 star because for the first time my mother-in-law did not send her dish back.
My father is really good friends with the owner. So I have been coming to this place since I was probably 4 years old. Still, today, it's the BEST place to go and get middle eastern food. The chicken kabob plate is just absolutely fantastic! They're not pricy and you get your moneys worth with the size of the plates! You could probably even share a plate if you wanted to!
Been here 3 times this month. The chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent. The prices are great, portions are huge and i can never finish it all. Service is good. Highly recommend!
This is one of the very few Arabic restaurants in Phoenix. It looks like a hole in the wall but generally these places produce the best food.

I have eaten at this restaurant for many years going back to my college days at Arizona State University. 

I always love the food especially the chicken showarma plate. I highly recommend the chicken. The beef in my opinion is not that great or tasty and the sides that are served with it are not as tasty.

Falafel ... Humus... Everything else is really authentic and very tasty

When you walk in don't expect to be wild with the core... But expect to have some really tasty food
Everybody I know loves Haji-Baba. For me it's just okay. I love Mediterranean food - veggies, hummus, babbaganouch (sp?) and all the rest. I just feel that the food here is mediocre. With as many choices as there are in the valley for finer food, this one ranks lower. If you're on a budget, however, this is your place. Great prices.
The food is great, the shawarma plate, hummus, mixed grill, it could've been better tho. The staff and service is ok.

4-star mostly is for the garlic souce
Great authentic food, and the service is excellent. I recommend either the mixed grill or the chicken shawarma plate!
I was just here again yesterday and boy was the Gyros plate delicious!
You can't find better. Shawarma is a force to be reckoned with, great homemade pita bread, and amazing hummus. Also insanely friendly staff, great iced tea and lemonade, and perfect pricing.
Delicious food at a great price. Generous portions as well. This is a hole in the wall type place and it's as authentic as it gets!
Outstanding food , excellent service, simple yet solemn , great smells great taste, great people coming together to share the warmth and culture. Thank you for sharing
Having frequented Haji's throughout my tenure at ASU, my boyfriend and I will sometimes come by for a Chicken Shawarma plate, extra pita and garlic when we're craving great food. The other day, we were too late stopping by another middle eastern restaurant as we had only an hour left until our show at Gammage played. We knew we wanted to sit down and eat, but were trying to figure out a place that would serve us, bill us, and send us on our way (in the most efficient and NICEST way possible). Haji's was it. It has been the EXACT same recipe since 2005 and if it ever changed I'd cry. It is THIS EXACT shawarma that made me attempt to remake it for my parents in DC. VERY TASTY, but nothing will ever be good as the original. I hope they know how much of an institution they are. LOVE!!!
Went to Haji Baba with my wife.  My wife and I got a kabab combination, order of foul, and an order of kibbeh.  It was good.  This is the standard Middle Eastern/Lebanese fare.  It is a place that you go for good food.  The restaurant is pretty casual.
I don't think I can add anymore than what everyone else have said. This is likely one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I always get the chicken shawarma. The chicken is soooo moist and perfectly grilled. Just simply amazing. I always ask for extra garlic sauce for dipping. One of the most amazing and flavorful dipping sauce. Only one negative comment: the pita is chewy sometimes. Maybe this is just my personal preference but certainly not a big deal that would keep me from coming back. 

-keep eatin'
I'm relatively new to Middle Eastern food so I dont know to much about it.  My brother and I went today to check it out.  Only thing close to it I have tried was India Oven (decent place in its own)

The outside of the restaurant doesnt look like one at all.  It is on the right side of the building while the market takes up most of it (Not very big to begin with).

We got seated immediately even though it was busy.  We decided what we wanted and got the chicken shawarma.

I really liked the chicken, the hummus was good enough and trabooli was good (never had it before in my life).  Rice was rice, so it was fine.

Nice prices, the whole plate was covered with food and all tasted fine.

I can't wait to try something new and delicious next time
It's no coincidence that a place as inconspicuous as Haji-Baba could get so many Yelp reviews (and most of them stellar).  This was the first place I ever met fellow Yelpers in Phoenix, as it was the venue for an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) and I was brand new to the valley.  It did not disappoint... the food is amazing, for both the price and the quality.  And, of course, I was thrilled to discover how nice all of the new people I met from Phoenix were.

I've continued the tradition of introducting people from out of town to one of Phoenix's (Tempe... you know) brightest gems.  Even a friend from Napa, who knows fine wine and fine dining, was blown away by the food here.  I had the chicken schwarma platter which, in my opinion, is the best sampler of what they offer here: delicate Basmati rice, creamy creamy hummus, spicy chunky chicken and tabouleh (I believe that's what they call the greenish side salad-ish stuff). My dining companions ordered the gyro platter and were happy as can be.

Another treat here, besides the incredible food, is the grocery store.  I was on a mission to find a spicy Tunisian pepper condiment, harissa, for eventual use in homemade merguez sausages. I found it and have it tucked away for the next time I dare to make my own sausage.  Haji Baba has become my one-stop shop for all things Middle Eastern and delicious.
I love this place!
Finally found a convenient, affordable, and delicious middle eastern food!
Fantastic Falalels, hummus' tabouli, and the like.
My very picky lady even devours their shawarma!
Healthy, tasty, and inexpensive, you won't find a better mom n pop local joint serving up this level of tastiness!
Pure awesomeness........ This is the best middle eastern restaurant we have been too in Phoenix.  The food is great, service is outstanding even when it is packed at lunch time.  Make sure to make time and pick up some treats from the store.  The baklava is to die for, just do it you deserve it.
I love this place! 
Delicious & very affordable. We got the chicken shawarma, the falafel sandwich & pistachio baklava.  The shawarma was filled with perfectly seasoned chicken, garlic sauce & veggies, the falafel was the best I've had and the baklava made my day. We love this place and have come back numerous times.
This whole in the wall place was outstanding. The food was amazing as well as the service. I HIGHLY recommend
It. The only reason it gets 4 stars and not 5 is because of the rustic ness of the place. It's actually inside the store !!
Haji Babas is really the best. I live a few blocks away and eat there at least once a week. I usually order sides.. some combination of: hummus, chicken kabab, koobideh, and falafel. I also get a large container of the "garlic sauce", and literally put it on anything I eat at my house until it's gone.
I love holes-in-the-wall and the food here is fantastic. I came with a group and we ordered a bunch of dishes to share. Combination platters offer a sample of everything and we got shwarma to top it all off. The gyro meat was a tad dry but all the other grilled meats and falafel were great. They are not open late so be sure to get here before they close. Prices are excellent for the amount of food you get.
I always enjoy my eating trips to Haji's. I had my favorite. the Gyro Plate, and I also had the lamb tongue, which was delicious!
Have eaten lots of middle eastern food, even at really good places, and seriously, EVERYTHING at this place is better than the others,....and some others are really good! There is something about the quality and tastes here that simply surpass the others. Is it fancy and well decorated? No. It's in a corner type market. But, amazing food! And the service is always friendly and you feel like part of the family.  Prices? Ridiculously moderate/mainstream for what you get.

Worst thing about this place is I don't get to eat here enough,.....oh, and that I can't get this exact food everywhere at any moment - they've ruined me on middle eastern food anywhere else.
I have been eating here since I was a young warthog, and I have never had a bad meal here, the food is out of this world phenomenal, I suggest the shish kabob plate, and the service is awesome as well. When it comes to comfort food, outside of the home kitchen, this is the place. Now quit reading this and go!
I've been going to Haji for about a decade.  Love the food (although with I go I'm usually craving the Chicken Shawarma and Gyro plates.  Just very tasty and other Middle Eastern restaurants pale in comparison.

Only complaint?  It's not closer to me so I can go more often.
Tasty...reasonable price, ample portions.  The chicken shwarma is delicious.
This place is so delicious! Nothing fancy, just great food! I love their tea, it has a slight cinnamon taste, so good!
The market has really cool stuff and cheap spices!
Haji Baba was very good. I would absolutely come back if I'm in the neighborhood, and might drive across the entire Phoenix metro area to come here, if I have the time. I had a veggie platter and also ordered a falafel sandwich to go! The baba ghanouj (sp?, depending who you ask) was the best I've ever had. Hummus was top-notch - very smooth and creamy. Tabbouleh (again, sp?, depending who you ask) was a little leafier than I like. My meat-eating family members raved about their gyro and chicken shawarma, too.

Extra particulars:
Went with my father and brother after catching a spring training baseball game. It was fairly late, but we slid in about 15 mins before closing and they didn't glare at us, so that was nice. The service was friendly and efficient. The layout of the place seems a little odd - grocery store on one side, casual restaurant on the other side - but I dug it. Overall, a great casual place to get some really good, fresh and healthy food for a great price.
I've been coming here for 20 years and it is as delicious and as reasonably prized as it was on day 1! Love the rose hip lemonade and the chicken shawarma plate.
This place is super hard to find and you'd never think to eat here unless someone refers you. Well I'm referring you. It is awesome! I haven't had anything I didn't like but there gyro is so good. They give generous portions and it is delicious. Also their feta is amazing.
I had mixed kabob plate, babaganoush and falafel. Yea, a lot, I wanted to try everything. It was yum. Cleaned my plate. Wish is was closer to my house. I could eat like this every day.
Haji Baba is the restaurant (and store) I always refer to as the Gold Standard of Middle Eastern restaurants in the Valley.  To be honest, I've had better Middle Eastern food; but what they offer, how much of it they give you, and the stellar service provided, easily makes this restaurant THE place to beat.  The most-memorable item on their menu is their dolmas, which, I admit, I didn't like when I first tried them, but have since fallen in love with:  fat, with a unique filling I can't really describe and served hot. ( If, like me, you are used to the small, cold, rice-filled dolmas, you really need to try these and keep an open mind.)   Typically, I get the vegetarian platter, which, like most of what they serve, comes with copious amounts of tabooli, hummus, felafel, yoghurt (sort of like tzatziki, but not quite), dolmas, etc.  If you have a big appetite -- and readers of my reviews know I'm gluttonous -- you will NOT be hungry when you leave this place!  My partner is a fan of their gyro sandwich, which, not surprisingly, is big and tasty.

Haji Baba also has a store taking up half the establishment offering a variety of foods and other items from the Middle East and Bosnia.  They also sell fresh Feta (get the Greek, not the Bulgarian), Burek (a cheese-filled pastry), decent baklava and many other things unavailable in the Valley at very reasonable prices.  Disadvantage (for me)?  They're all the way in Tempe; so if you live west of I-17, bring a book and lots of water for your haj across the Valley to get here!

One more important note:  I read, with much amusement, the review from someone complaining that she showed up here in an evening gown only to find out the place is "one step above a fast-food place."  Honestly, that's no exaggeration:  show up here overdressed and don't be surprised if you see people doubling-up in hysterical laughter and running to the bathroom to avoid peeing their pants.  Most of the customers frequenting Haji Baba are students from nearby ASU, local workers on lunch break and your average, every day 'proletariat', as I'm sure the complaining reviewer would refer to them as being.  Haji Baba is by no means fancy; but if you're looking for good food served by friendly employees, who work their rears off, moving fast to serve you and ensure you leave happy with your experience, then this is the place for you.  I've been coming here on and off for more than 15 years now and not once -- NOT ONCE -- have I ever had a complaint or issue with anything there.  If only for the fact I've had better Middle Eastern food in other, less worthy restaurants, I would've given them five stars.
Such a great hidden gem. I could drive right by it and not know it's there, but now that I do I will definitely be back. Had the gyro plate- tons of food (enough for leftovers) and the rice is to die for. This place kills other Middle Eastern restaurants by far!
I always enjoy the Gyro Plate! absolutely delicious!
Absolutely love this place!! Chicken sharwama plate is da bomb! Huge portion, quality is always consistent. highly recommend this place!
Food was painfully bland. I dined in a group of four, so I tried several appetizers and main courses. 
Appetizers: kibbe, hummus, baba, dolmas. All bland. 
Main courses:  lamb kebab, chicken kebab, felafel 
Best food I had: felafel, baba, chicken kebab
Love the gyros. Hands down the best. Great people always friendly and the baklava is freakin on point. Been coming here for 7 years. I'll keep coming!
Loved the food. The service was excellent and fast. I can't believe we waited so long to try this place. There is a nice grocery store inside and a restaurant section in a corner. The Baklava we purchased from here was really good too. Will go here again.
Wow, delicious, inexpensive Mediterranean cafe attached to a great Middle Eastern grocery store!  Thanks so much to Kat K for the good lead!

The food is super inexpensive, and everything was not only delicious, but super authentic!!  My husband and I ordered the olives (delicious and multi-colored), yummy humus (and I'm quite picky about humus), tabouli salad and two felafel wraps.  The portions are not enormous, so we were able to try all of this and finish most of it without needing to be wheeled out.

This is hands down the best felafel we've had - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, full of flavor but not at all greasy.  The hummus has wonderful texture and taste (I'm picky about hummus), the pita bread is fresh and soft, the olives are flavorful (not too dry or too oily, multicolored), and the tabouli salad is some of the best I've had (chopped perfectly with a little couscous and flavors - delish). 

The little cafe is super low-key and has cute murals on the walls, and the service is friendly and quick.  After lunch, we picked up some locally baked lavosh bread and some chocolate bars, and out total, uncluding lunch, was still just under $20!

We can't wait to come back!!
The food here has to be good, because curb appeal certainly isn't what draws customers through the door.  If I didn't know what I was looking for, I wouldn't even notice this little shop off Apache Blvd.  Once inside, one room is primarily a middle eastern market with products ranging from cool, to unique, to unidentifiable to my mere American eyes.  The other room is dining area seating, but certainly not high class.  I am not giving points on decor or atmosphere.

The food, service and prices makes up for it.  I've only tried a couple of dishes, but each one has been so full of flavor and so rich that I quickly realize I only need half a portion to be more than satisfied.  This is also because of the huge serving sizes!  All of this for nearly half of what I'd expect to pay at a larger, or chain restaurant.

Come with an appetite and an open mind.  I don't think I'll go out of my way to eat here, but when I'm in Tempe it's great for a quick stop.
So glad I found this place on Yelp when trying to look around Phoenix, Arizona for someplace to eat. It truly deserves the rating it has because this place will leave you with a full, happy stomach, a content mind, and a smile on your face when you leave. 

My boyfriend and I never truly tried Middle Eastern food, but we both were glad we checked this place out and that it served as our first taste ever of Middle Eastern food.   Upon walking into the restaurant, I was a little confused because it was half shopping market and half restaurant. But I felt reassured when I noticed that it was full of people conversing, eating, and looking so glorious with their plates of food! Not only that, but it was a diverse set of people which shows that their food is so great that it breaks cultural/ethnic boundaries. 

We were seated in such a down-to-earth fashion that it immediately made us feel so comfortable talking to our host and waiter. Service here is wonderful because not only does the waiter joke with you and is easy to talk to, but they are also efficient when it comes to bringing out your food and checking up on you--they do it so naturally, too. 

I decided on ordering the CHICKEN SCHWARMA PLATE (grilled marinated chicken with garlic sauce, rice, flatbread, hummus, and a cilantro salad?) that everyone else recommended. Glad my first Middle Eastern plate was this one because I finished like 95% of it (hey, it was a humongous pile of scrumptious food). The grilled marinated chicken tasted absolutely amazing when you mix it up with the garlic sauce and the rice and add a bit of hummus with each bite. Perfect mixture for the win!!! I made sure to eat the mixture with the flat bread first and when that was over, I killed the rest of it. To make sure my palette wasn't too overwhelmed with the meaty, creamy flavors, they had a cilantro salad that was refreshingly acidic to refresh your taste buds. What I also loved about this plate was the hummus; the hummus was well seasoned where you can eat a lot of it (since it wasn't too salty like store brand hummus usually are)--it had a slight taste to it which complemented pretty much everything on that plate.

Would love to come back here whenever I'm back in Phoenix. Would highly recommend it to those living in the area (you guys are so lucky!). You can tell upon stepping into the door, that you're stepping into a place of authenticity where they don't need the best decor to get you satisfied, all they need is their food and their personalities to keep you coming back for more.
I have been here a couple times after my last review. IT IS HEAVEN. I get the chicken shawarma plate every time. There are no regrets. Humus is perfect and so is the service. I also love shopping in the store.
Oh. My. Gosh. I am obsessed with this place!

I was visiting my aunt and uncle while I was in Arizona and, before my flight home, they suggested we go to this restaurant for lunch.. AND, it was also a store!

We all had a falafel (the best ever...never forget) and split a giant Greek salad. Absolutely everything was incredible - The flavors were on a whole other level of delicious! It's a total hole-in-the-wall and looks a little deceiving, but it's all worth it.  I promise!

I also chose to buy 4 pounds worth of spices. If you choose to do this and fly these with you to wherever you are going, just be prepared to not get your bags delivered until the next day. They may or may not have had to search it due to "suspicious-looking materials." :/
Not impressed at all. I tried several here things and liked about half of them. The only good thing about this place is that it's cheap. 

Good: 
Babaghanooj
Beef shawerma
Chicken shawerma

Bad: 
Hummus (no flavor)
Lamb tongue (chewy and horrible!)
Gyro sandwich

Unfortunately, I ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite. Wish I tried the falafel instead. I won't be back.
I met up with some friends. This place was highly recommended to me by my girlfriend and her hubby. They go here often. The place is old and could use an update on their interior BUT their food is great! I had their chicken shawarma plate. It was a large portion and I shared it with my kids. Their fresh handmade pita is the best!!! And oh yes, don't order their yogurt soda drink- it's not the best tasting and they will inform you "no refund! " :)
So So So So So Yummy!!!!!
I love this place. The gyro deluxe is amazing. Has a full inch if homemade feta cheese at the bottom. I'm talking bite fulls of feta. The schwarma is great too a little dry, so I get the plate with kibbe, hummus, and cucumber sauce. The vegetarian plate it amazing too. All the plates are huge and will fill up anyone. The single items are great deals for when you just want a gyro for a few bucks. Very loyal customers in there that's because they do it the right way!
The reviews don't lie. The gyro is 3.99 and better than any gyro in town.  I've been disappointed with other gyro s in tempe.  I will come back for sure.
Prices are great food is better. Get the gyro deluxe, it's very filling. You also can't go wrong with the hummus or the falafel.
**Original review from 5/5/2011. Updating new profile.**

I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. 

I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.

I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. 

Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
Their Chicken Shawarma is one of the three dishes I miss most about Tempe.
This is very good Middle Eastern food. Not as good as the best I've ever had in New York City but definitely well above average and better than Pita Jungle! Pitas tasted as they should, falafel and meats were moist and flavorful and the Arabic coffee was the perfect sweet dessert all by itself. They could add a few little extras to spice up their sandwiches like tomatoes and onions. I asked for some extra tahini and they quickly brought me a cup at no extra charge. I like that!

They seem a bit understaffed with employees going back and forth between the restaurant and the connected grocery store, so getting a waiter's attention can take a few minutes. Despite this, the service was okay. They don't tell you, but they won't give you a check...only a stub that you're supposed to take to the cashier yourself. It's laid back in that way, which is kind of nice. I only wish they had a napkin dispenser or a paper towel roll at the table because this kind of food uses up paper napkins fast and one is far from enough! I'm a tough restaurant critic and I will definitely be back!

Btw, you have to drive slow on Apache to find this place because if you blink, you'll miss it! It is directly across the street from Tempe Fire Engine #1.
The dish that stands out at Haji-Baba is their Chicken Shawarma - sandwich or plate. What makes this dish so good and delicious is I think the way Haji-Baba marinates and grills the chicken. And the chicken that comes out of the grill is tender, juicy and bursting with flavor - it is simply delicious. I've also had their chicken and beef kabobs and they are OK; taste wise the kabobs don't even come close to the chicken served in the Shawarma. 

Also important to make note of is their Hummus; it is well prepared and can be eaten with a pita or used as excellent dipping sauce if you order kabobs.
I have loved Haji-Baba for 20yrs or so.  Cheapest way to get spices (if u save ur old jars).  Never drive by w/o stopping.  usually get babaganouj, tabooli, & falafel.
Great Middle Eastern food at the super price!  I come to this place often and always leave full and happy.  Half of the place it a grocery store with all sorts of fun stuff to buy!  I tend to pick up a few things after eating.  The sign on the front does not stand out at all.  They should get a nice light up sign even though they have no problem filling all the seats.  On Sunday it is take out only, I enjoy sitting down and eating on the other days.  Further east on the same road they have a larger grocery store which I have not been to but I should check it out soon.  You can't beat the prices on the sandwiches for the amount of food you get.  Check this place out and you may just become a regular!
My favorite middle eastern food for over 15 years! I haven't eaten at any other middle eastern food joint anywhere in the country that even comes close. Price is also unbeatable.
I came here with a friend. He had a combo plate and I had a chicken kabob pita sandwich and a side of rice and we shared food. Everything was full of flavor and tasted very good. It's one of the best Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to. They have a store that you can purchase products from and also a bakery section. Their baklava comes in different nuts including almond, cashew, pecan, walnut, and pistachio. Great place.
MORE HOOKAH!!!!
Just so ya'll know they have great food and a cool atmosphere too. But the real reason I go is because of the awesome hookahs. The hookah service boys (can I call them that?) keep my hookah going so I can spend an entire night smoking hookah, laughing with friends and enjoying the music. 
Grab a buddy or two and hit up Urban Cafe......but DON'T park in front of the liqour store....(the owner will be a jerk to ya' FYI)..
Peace
As a connoisseur of hookah, I can say that this place knows their hookah. They use real lemonwood coals so that you're not getting all the extra carcinogens that are in the self starting coals. The service is fantastic with the guys coming around with fresh coals all the time. They put the coals off to the side so that the tobacco doesn't burn off immediately. You can smoke one packing well over an hour.

The prices are fair - 10.99 for the basic hookah in your choice of flavors. For a beginner, i'd recommend green apple, double apple (if you like licorice), watermelon, or anything fruitier blended with jasmine.

I gave it four stars because of the lack of gourmet tobaccos, they only use the cheapest middle eastern variety (al fakher or cheaper) which uses decent flavors but crappy tobacco. The higher quality tobaccos are more expensive and thus I understand, but it'd be nice to have the option.

Also, drinks are 2.49 and you have to buy the bottle because a law in AZ says that there can be no open container at hookah bars. Farking legislators.
Great Hookah but I really think they need to clean the place. I have been there 3 or 4 times and everytime I have been the tables are always filthy the hookahs that are displayed are gross. ONLY enter the restrooms at your own risk because something in the toilet might come out and open the door for you. It's gross I don't care how good their hookah is they take no pride in their cafe and in keeping it clean for customers. Too many other clean Hookah joints in town I will not be going back!
I don't consider myself a connoisseur of many things, but hookah is one of them, and Urban Cafe knows their hookah.  Well.

I've been to hookah bars all over Tempe, Phoenix, and Chandler and this is the one I bring everyone to when they come to visit Arizona.  The building itself isn't anything special, shag carpeted booths and some typical tables and chairs with a wide open space in the middle.  

The service is pretty average, the employees are extremely attentive to both the food service and the hookahs, but they seem to get a little under the weather attitude wise when the place gets busy, though I can't blame them, and their service never declines.  However, if any of this makes you wary, I encourage you to set it aside and go regardless because the food and hookah is spectacular.  The Mediterranean menu is awesome and they even have some crowd pleasers like french fries and sandwiches.  The hookahs all come with hand-carved fruit bowls which is both interesting and adds a little flavor to the mix.  They are also happy to mix flavors of shisha for you if you're into that, which most of the places I go around the city won't do, or will do very begrudgingly. 

Bottom line, if you go to one hookah bar while you're in AZ, make it this one.
Byblos is that rare find in Las Vegas--truly ethnic and unpretentious, yet very close to the clutter of the strip. Byblos decor is very authentic, the tables have tablecloths and overall, the atmosphere is that of a pricey restaurant. That's when Byblos fools you--it is extremely affordable. The food is good, too. Everything is fresh and clean here. The lavash bread is tasty, and hummus and baba ganush are out of this world. The owners of this restaurant are Lebanese/Moroccan and it definitely does Mediterranean food justice.

It is still surprising to me that this place is not more popular; It seems as if it is somewhat busy for lunch with business professionals and couples, but dies down for dinner. In fact, it is common to only find owners talking business in their native tongues when you walk in--that's the only down side as it can be slighly uncomfortable. But, don't let that stop you--the food is amazing and the prices are very affordable. All food is freshly made daily and their deserts are out of this world good! (baked freshly, too!) Hot food is also excellent as are appetizers. 

Don't miss this place if you like true ethnic food without the price tag and attitude!
This place is ok.  I give it 3.5 stars.  Nice staff and everything is reasonably priced.  The best part was definitely the spinach pies and the warm homemade pita.  We ordered the falafel which wasn't bad..just a bit plain along with the chicken shawarma which wasn't shawarma at all. It was just chopped chicken breast cooked in a pan which made it more like a fajita style chicken which tasted fine but wasn't exactly what I was looking for.  

The menu looks good though.  I would like to try some of the other stuff and it is cheaper than the Greek American Grill across the street for the budget conscious.
This is the only Lebanese bakery I have found in the greater Las Vegas area that serves my favorite Leb treat, fatayer (it's a spinach pie in filo dough, much better than spanokopita in my opinion). My best friend is Lebanese and whenever I visit her family, her mom serves up the best fatayers...unfortunately, they live in NC, so I get this indulgence about once a year or so!

Byblos was one of my first initial and exciting discoveries in Vegas when I moved here. The owners are REALLY friendly. I'm sure they think I'm insane because I always preorder about 50 fatayer and swing by to pick it up every few months. I wouldn't have to if Decatur and Flamingo weren't so far from me!

I've had their chicken schwarmas, lebneh (Lebanese yogurt), and hummus...all very EXCELLENT and authentic dishes. If you've never had Lebanese food and want to try it out for the first time, this is the place to go!
Ok so i'm Egyptian and my Grand mother is Lebanese, so i love both foods, Byblos in Vegas gest 4 stars because i must say the appetizers weren't that great, the spinash pies and the meat pies weren't good and the humus was mediocre!

BUT THE REAL ENTRE WAS DELICIOUS, I orderd the Chicken and Kebab mix, it was great, and my uncle tried the Kofta so i had a bite of that as well, it was also delicious!
Friday night in vegas with no prior dinner plans can be a pain in the you know what.  Every damn place had a wait that was a hour longer then it should be.  Marrakech is an unsuspecting nondescript store front in a shopping mall just off the strip.  It's neighbors include Ruth Chris steakhouse and some tapas place.  When you walk in you are stepping into a room with floor to ceiling carpetting and guys in mc hammer pant like costumes.  It's a pretty cool and intimate setting.  You sit on little couches and eat food with your hands.  The meal was good and portions were generous.   Later on a belly dancer came out.  It was definitely an unusual and fun part of our vacation!
Marrakech is a fun place for a nice dinner out.  Good for a twosome or a group, I've never been disappointed.

The menu is a set six course meal, so you don't get your choice of what you want, but it's all yumtastic.  A shrimp plate gives way to a barley soup, then a plate of stuffed grape leaves and hummus, half a game hen, lamb kabobs in pineapple and an apple dessert that satisfies.  It's all fantastic.

The interior is fantastic - rich rugs and draperies line the walls and ceilings, and seating is on the floor with pillows.  The service can take a while, but the entire experience is fun so I never minded.  Bellydancers swirl about and our server poured tea from shoulder height into a cup balanced on his toe.  Bravo, dude.
Last night my very agreeable boyfriend took me to this Moroccan/ middle eastern restaurant for dinner. He obliged me this dinner and I'm so glad he did!! 
It is a six course meal that is already set for you. The meal was something like, shrimp scampi, hummus and veggies, soup, beef kabob, Cornish game hen on top of yummy cous cous and then an apple filo thing. 
It was yummy, filling, it didn't BLOW ME AWAY...but it was fun and romantic and yummy and I will defiantly go back when I feel like sipping mint tea and eating some middle eastern food!
I pretty much agree with what everyone else said about this place.  I guess the menu is the same everytime which is fine for what it is.  I would go to this place with a big group in a heartbeat.  How does anyone finish the 6 courses?  Every table there got a box to go...no way you can finish the game hen.
Came here for a bachelorette party dinner before we went out. Such a great place for a big group. I like how they wash your hands with rose water. Smells so good! Come hungry because they serve so much food! I don't know anyone who can finish all 6 courses. By the time the main course with the cous cous and game hen came out, most of our table was done eating. I tried a bit of everything and liked it all. It starts with bread and a shrimp dish, followed by lentil soup and a hummus and veggie plate, followed by kebabs skewered into a pineapple, the cous cous with game hen, then dessert followed by a mint tea or something like that. Everyone loved the dessert (apples and peaches baked in phyllo dough), and even though we all swore we were full, most of us ate the dessert anyway.

Belly dancers provided entertainment and music was piped in when the dancers weren't performing. You eat with your hands for the most part and the chairs around the tables are kinda low so it was weird because I was wearing high heels and my back kinda hurt so I had to take my shoes off. I'm not even sure how much it is, because the organizer of our group just said to put in $25 each for the bill. I thought it was pretty reasonable for the amount of food we got.
Marrakech was an oasis of wonderful food and atmosphere on our recent trip to Vegas.  The decor is stunning and the shaabi/rai music was manna to my abused ears (seriously, did they stop importing music into Vegas in the early 90s?  so much bad music everywhere we went!).  The food was by far the best we had during our trip; you can tell the difference between chefs who make food because they care about food and chefs who design dishes to please the masses, and the chefs at Marrakech are definitely the former.  We were stuffed by the kabobs, but made a valiant effort to eat what we could of the couscous and the sweet bistilla served for dessert.

And of course there was the belly dancing--house dancer Aradia put on an excellent show, full of energy even though the restaurant was not that busy on a Tuesday evening.  I'm a dancer myself and I can say with authority that she is very good, a national class dancer and a great entertainer.

In short, Marrakech is the real deal and I highly recommend it!
We came here because of a Yelp suggestion when I was looking for a special bday place for under $100 for two. 

When I first walked in, I was disappointed. I expected quiet and romantic and it was loud and a bit boisterous. But our seats were cozy and close, so it made conversation easy. Once my expectations readjusted, I had a great time.

The music could be a little lower in volume when the dancers come out, and it could be even lower still in between dancers. But the cozy seating and the method of eating made it all cozy anyway. And...the music was mostly quite awesome!

The scampi was scrumptious, though though would have been completely stellar with a bit less salt. My bf's vegetarian version with mushrooms was a neat idea and worked well.

The lentil soup was some of the best I ever had! In fact, all of the food was really good. 

This was a fun night and though I wouldn't eat there all the time, this is definitely  a place to take a group. Aside from the bellydancing, the presentation of the food, hand washing, tea pouring, are all flashy, showy and FUN! 

Do it!
Well, this was the first time I had gone out for Moroccan cuisine, but my wife and I were feeling like something different and some Vegas locals had recommended it.  
I was pleasantly surprised when I saw they were serving a set, six-course menu.  It gave us a variety of food at a good price ($40 a person).
The decor in this place was fantastic too.  It seems like everything off "The Strip" in Vegas is in a strip-mall, including this place.  But the atmosphere inside not cookie-cutter as I half expected. 
The belly dancing show that goes on periodically while you eat, is a good balance of fun, sexy, and family-friendly.  

When all was said and done, the food was delicious, and offered more than we could eat.  The servers were friendly, and happily answered any questions.
Yum!  Although you don't have a menu to choose from the fixed meal is awesome.  The steak melts in your mouth and the shrimp scampi and bread is awesome.  It's a good place to take friends to...definitely not your typical restaurant.  I highly recommend it :)
saw Philip's review a month or so ago and it reminded me ( after eating at firefly and dragonfly several times ) that i need to hit this place. 

'm trying to figure out how this place makes $$. The price is very reasonable for what you get. i liked everything - especially the shrimp and the chicken - it ain't high end stuff but decent . 

my roomie was convinced the dancer was trying to pick-up on me - all i can say is, IN MY DREAMS !! She did make a point to come by after the dance to talk to me - one of those, " don't i know you from somewhere ? " 

thank god, it turns out she's a friend of a friend , then again, i think it might have been more fun/interesting if she was trying to pick up on me !

If i had to arrange for a lively dinner for a group, this place is in my top 5 - especially if $$ is an issue.

Happy Eating !
This place is, as indicated by the three stars, "A-OK."  I was in the mood for something new and different, and Moroccan food at Marrakech, seemed to be it, especially reading all the good reviews.  But, I was less than impressed.

First, the food: 6 course set meal, for $40/person-
1) shrimp scampi type dish w/ fresh bread- good, but tastes like any other scampi dish you get at an American restaurant, with just a hint of a foreign spice; the shrimp were a little dry
2) lentil soup- good but tastes like Campell's Tomato Soup with rice.
3) "salad" which consisted of various vegetables and hummus- hummus is awesome, seasoned vegetagles ok.
4) beef skewers- this was the best part of the meal; the steaks were juicy and the vegetables (scallion and green bell peppers) were perfectly cooked, but there were only 3 pieces, which was disappointing.
5) Chicken-I had two bites and put down my fork; the chicken was super dry and combined with the cous cous, I felt like I had cotton mouth.  Thank goodness for my delicious Lebanese beer.
6) Dessert- This was pretty good, but there was too much powdered sugar (if that's possible) and cinnamon.  I wish there was some type of custard inside, which reduced the dry texture of the dessert.

Second, entertainment: I can honestly say that even though the food was sub-par, the entertainment was definitely an experience.  I mean, 2 scantily clad women shaking their booties, how can you go wrong?  

I definitely think that this place is more of a group adventure, where everyone can have a chance to dance with the ladies and be merry, and ignore the fact that the food is not that great, and somewhat overpriced.  If you want authentic Moroccan, I don't think this place is the place to go, but for a good time with friends, totally worth it.

A-OK.
watching Aradia dance is the only reason to go there, which makes it not worth the $40/person. the food isn't bad, but lacks flavor, even I make slightly better couscous, and compared to my mother-in-law's couscous, this is chicken sweat. I wouldn't go again, because it seems like all they have is a set menu.
What an experience!! My wife and I decided to try this place on our anniversary after finding it here on yelp. It was beyond our expectations and we will most certainly come back with friends and family when we can afford it. 

First off, when we entered the restaurant I was shocked at how small the place is. Everything was in one small room with no source of outside light. Once you pass through the curtains at the entrance it is almost like entering a giant tent! Very awesome ambiance, the lights and the low seats and everything made for a very unique experience. 

It was also really cool when they came to our table with towels and some rose water to wash our hands in! If you aren't aware yet, Moroccan cuisine involves using your hands for most of the meals. So they bring one big plate of food and everyone serves themselves with their hands. Not a big deal for my wife and I thankfully. 

Ok, now for the food. The scampi was yummy, both my wife and I agree it was better prepared than most restaurants would do so. The shrimp was still plump and the sauce was wonderful with the bread they brought out. Careful though, stains aplenty here!

The soup was my least favorite but one of my wife's favorites. I thought it was a little better than canned tomato soup, but my wife thought it was the best she'd ever had. 

The salad was incredible!! I normally don't like hummus but this stuff was insanely good, combine it with the carrots and I was in heaven. Came with a few veggies that are marinated and my wife and I finished it off far too quickly for our tastes.

The skewers were awesome, but I jumped in a little too quickly and burned myself on the onion =P. The meat was perfect though and just melted in my mouth once I could eat it safely, lol.

Mmmm, the chicken. Sadly my wife and I were getting full by this point, but we still tried it. The cous cous was not to my or my wife's tastes, but the chicken was moist and just fell apart in my hands. Excellent cold as well since I took it home as leftovers and enjoyed it the next day.

Finally the dessert.... nearly killed me since I'm borderline diabetic  so I only let myself one bite. Soooo much powdered sugar, lol, my wife enjoyed it but we both agreed it could have used more chunks of fruit inside.

As for entertainment, the dancer was pretty cool and she is quite talented, but I'm thankful she kept some distance from me and stuck to the larger groups. I'd rather not have found myself on the couch later due to my gawking eyes, lol ^_-
Great Staff, Great Food, and WOW can they dance! I would come back anytime. Before they brought out the main course I was full, left alot of food, since I am in a hotel on the strip, but had a ton we could bring home.
Wow this place is great.  No menus, $60 a person, Belly Dancers, Authentic Atmosphere... doesn't even feel like your still in Vegas.  The food which was 6 courses melted in my mouth.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but as much as I loved the steak, I HAVE to find out what sauce the fruit was smothered in.  Its not even right.  I literally was full after the 4th course and couldn't stop eating because itw as so good.  We went with a big group, but I would def take a girl there that enjoys good culture.  Maybe not the high-maintence bottle-service only type.
We finally got the chance to come here with a party of 6. It is a set menu, 6 courses for $40 per person. The tables arent that comfortable though since its low. They start off with washing your hands in rose water. The first course is a shrimp scampi which was a delicious sauce that the bread went very with. We gobbled it up. the soup was an ok tomato like soup, and the hummus dip was really good. They served the next course, the beef kabobs in a pineapple with skewers. The main course was really good with couscous, raisins and very soft chicken. I thought the dessert was amazinnnngggg. It was like a fruit pastry with fillo dough and the tea that ended with the meal was sweet and delicious. 

Oh and the belly dancers made the night enjoyable with some great entertainment.
I love this place. I went here a long while ago but we still talk about this restaurant !! I'm going to send my parents here for their next trip to vegas. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere was really nice. The bellydancing adds a nice touch. But save room for dessert ! I still salivate thinking about that fruit pastry they serve at the end with the mint tea. I can't seem to find it anywhere else ! MUST GO BACK!!
I would give it 5 stars but it nearly put a hole in my pocket ($40/person). It was my bad since I didn't look at the price menu before walking in BUTI left SA-TIS-FIED! When I was working in Vegas, I discovered this spot one night when a friend and I were just feeling some Mediterranean food.

It was a six course meal that left me wanting more and more and more....MMmmm the Shrimp Scampi were delish! The game hen was so tender and savory, the meat just fell right of the bones and into my salivating mouth. The hummus with veggies were also to die for. The belly dancer were entertaining as well. 

I only wish that they had lunch specials or something for half price during the day, you know without all the oohhs and ahhhs, entertainment, and fancy shamancy shiet. I'm selfish. I know. I just want to be able to afford you in this economic crisis....
Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, awesome entertainment, what more can you ask for. I went here last year for a company Christmas party so the whole restaurant, which is small, was closed to the public. It is a fix menu consisting of 6 courses. You start your meal with an awesome shrimp scampi, followed by hummus with vegetables, filet minon skewers served in a pineapple, then the main course which is a cornish hen with cous cous, and finally a Morracan desert which I can not remember the name of. Before dinner starts you rinse your hands with warm rose water poured from a pitcher and a bowl underneath your hands to catch the water. A towel is then provided to dry your hands. Several times during dinner there is belly dancing to provide entertainment. The belly dancers encourage patron participation beckoning for them to get up and dance. All food is served in sizes to fit the amount of people in the party. This is a great restaurant to get a Morracan experience and the price is just right for the amount of food you get. You can also order cocktails or a nice Morracan wine or beer. Make this a must eat place in Las Vegas.
Best Moroccan food I've had since I was in London! I wish I could find something like this in Phoenix. If anyone knows of a great Moroccan place here, pleeeeze let me know. 

Marrakech offers a set menu with several courses. Simply check out the pics one of the reviewers put up (kudos). No menu. Just a server swiftly giving you the run-down of what will be served. I believe the meal is $40/person.  I'm allergic to seafood and couldn't eat the shrimp scampi. They were very cool about substituting. I had sauteed mushrooms in garlic &  herbs. I dipped the peasant bread in the juices and OMG!! The hummus course was so good and so smooth that I literally want to hop on a plane right now just for a repeat! 

By the 4th course I was stuffed, but the food was so damn good that I just kept going and going! This is one of those places the locals go. So I knew it would be great. Oh, and fellas, the belly dancers are awesome too!

Oh, and ask for Leo (server)!
We probably shouldn't have eaten indian buffet for lunch before coming here for dinner. 

The exterior of the restaurant looks NOTHING like the inside, you are pleasantly surprised the second you walk in through the doors and see the red curtains. The staff however didn't seem very friendly at all, we weren't greeted. The first thing they even said when they saw us was "do you have reservations?" Rather than greet us and say hello, that's all they asked us. I wasn't too fond of that, which just made me change my rating from a 4 star to a 3. 

The inside of the restaurant was beautiful! With fabricated walls and intricate designs. I loved it. The low lit room set the mood to a very cool ambiance. This is definitely a place for a nice date or hangout session. 

We didn't realize what we were in for when it came to the food! 6 courses I recall. First we got the shrimp with the bread. That was so good! We ate the shrimp and dipped the bread in the sauce. It came with a whole loaf of bread. My boyfriend and I just kept eating and eating more bread, then the second appetizer came in. That's when the waiter says "oh, I should've warned you not to really eat much of that bread since you still have 5 more courses." Wow really? That's something he should've mentioned the second he put down the plate of bread. By that time we were halfway stuffed with the bread. 

The dip was ehh, I pretty much tried to force my boyfriend to eat most of it.

The meat skewers were very tender and juicy and came with a whole pineapple! I don't understand why it came with a whole pineapple though. It's like that wasted that whole thing just to have meat skewers stabbed into it. Kind of strange. 

The main course was very tasty! I didn't finish it though, not even half because I was waay too stuffed by then. Thank goodness they had to go boxes (which they never offered) we had to ask them if they even had any. Otherwise they would've thrown that whole meal away. 

The dessert was different, but good. It was a warm delight! I mainly focused on eating the outer layer of it though, since it was crunchy. I don't think I really touched the inside at all, ha.

The tea was awesome! And the way they served it was out of this world! I wish I could've taken THAT home.

All in all, the food was good, but the service was less than mediocre. It seemed like from the beginning they didn't care for us being their customers at all and the only people they even smiled at or tended to was the party of about 10 people that was going on across the room. 3 stars. I understand they were a larger party, but they were the ONLY other party. 

When we left, we weren't thanked for dining there, nor were we given a nice, "Have a good night, come back again!" like most other places would've done. 
I'd like to come back again. Hopefully I'd have a better experience though
We felt like royalty at Marrakech!  I took my fiancee here for our first anniversary as part of a full day of activities in Las Vegas.  After driving from Los Angeles, seeing a show, and wandering around, this was the kicker at the end of the night...and it didn't disappoint.

Marrakech is a very unassuming restaurant from the outside.  It looks like a regular hole in the wall joint, with nothing spectacular going on inside.  This is where this facade ends.  Once we stepped in, we felt as if we'd been transported to a distant land, where the royalty had lavish tents filled with food, drink, and debauchery.  The interior had a beautiful, and romantic appeal which seduced us with beauty, aroma, and ambiance.  We were lead to our section of the "tent" and began our meal.  It was explained to us that the menu is prix fixe, and if we had any preferences (vegetarian) to let them know.  We did not, so they began to serve us.

Before the meal started, they washed our hands in rose water over a beautifully elaborate bowl, and we knew that we were in for a treat.  Next, they began to bring out the food.  Each dish was extravagant, and each dish progressively tasted better and better.  We were wowed by the presentation of the dishes, and the flavors exceeded even the visual appeal of the beautifully prepared dishes.

Just when we thought we were done, they brought out the dancers.  Now this was a year into our relationship, so I began to avert my eyes from the dancers, and enjoy the company with whom I was spending my time.  My fiancee, however, thought it would be a good idea to make me dance with the dancer.  I obliged, and after an embarrassing (but fun) dance, I was affirmed of the excellence of this place.

We have tried looking around for somewhere similar in our area, but have yet to try something, since this was one of the best dining experiences we had.  We have never found Moroccan food to even come close.
We had the best time here! The atmosphere is great- very authentic decor, loved the belly dancer and the wait staff were funny and attentive! The food was also really good- its a 6 course pre fixe for $39.99. We had so much food left over we were sad we didn't have a fridge to put it in at the hotel. We started with shrimp scampi, then a tomato-lentil soup, a hummus platter with marinated vegetables and eggplant, followed by beef skewers served in a whole pineapple (these last 2 dished were my favorites), finished by a chicken, squash and cous cous dish topped off with a desert of phylo dough filled with fruits and nuts. It was seriously satisfying, delicious food!

If we lived in Vegas we'd be back. Our birthday girl had a blast and it made for a really fun night!
Last week I went with some girlfriends to Vegas for my 30th birthday (yay!) and we really wanted to try a unique restaurant...Marrakech fit the bill perfectly and I'm so happy we decided to be adventurous and leave the strip!

The decor is amazing...the second you walk through the door, you feel as though you've been swept out of the country.

The wait staff was attentive and extremely funny...our waiter dances for the ladies ;). The gal who did the belly dancing was entertaining, talented and very sweet. I admit, she got me up to shake my groove thing...though I'm not nearly as good at belly dancing as she was...but watch out...I may be working there soon. Ha!

The food was delicious. It is a 6-course set menu, starting with shrimp scampi that is buttery, garlicky and fantastic. Then the tomato lentil soup...nice and hearty but not too heavy. I liked the vegetables and hummus, but I don't think that was the favorite with the other gals. The beef kabobs were phenomenal. OMG, melt in your mouth good and I loved the presentation! Then the fall off the bone chicken and couscous was fabulous, but at this point we were getting so full that we left so much on the plate! Dessert was good, but not my cup of tea. I felt it was missing something, but not sure what. Oh and the tea they served was delicious...definitely the best part of dessert.

So next time you are in Vegas, be adventurous and go off the beaten path...you won't  be sorry!
I was not expecting this place to be great but I was surprised! The food was delicious, the staff was fabtastic.  They made a special night even better for my group.  From the decor to the yummy food, it was a delight to dine here!
Made my second trip to Marrakech while in Vegas during the first week of May.  We went on a Monday night and the place was dead!  Almost too dead.  But the food was plentiful and delicious, although there were a few gaps in between courses that could have been shorter since they weren't really that busy. 
The belly dancer was entertaining and not too pushy, which I liked.  Sometimes they can be a pain in the ass trying to coax you out of your seat to dance with them.  For the fixed price of about $40 per person, you really can't go wrong here.  You will leave stuffed and feel as though you got your money's worth.  For a first time visitor to a Moroccan restaurant I would highly recommend Marrakesh; if you've been before and are looking to try a different place, I would still recommend but it won't be anything you haven't seen or tasted before.
Marrakech was a great dining experience, it was so much more than a dinner. The food was excellent, the atmosphere cozy, warm and intimate. The wait staff is friendly, polite and charming. They are graciously accommodating to vegetarians.

First you begin with hand washing in rose water, then the six course meal provides a LOT of food. Utensils are provided if you ask, however this is meant to be a very hands-on experience. Hence the hand-washing ceremony.

I had mushroom scampi due to a shrimp allergy, which was out of this world, and my boyfriend had shrimp. My friend had zucchini scampi however because she doesn't eat shrimp or mushrooms. Hers was equally delicious.

The hummus was excellent and I'm a picky hummus person. The harrira soup was fantastic; I make it at home a lot and loved it. I never knew my recipe at home was so "on target".

The kebobs were delicious, even the vegetarian option. The bread is addicting from start to finish. Especially when dipping it into the scampi sauce. Next up was the cous cous with Cornish game hen. By now I was just about full but persevered. It was too great not to.

I had an apricot beer to go with my meal with was a perfect choice.

Then there is dessert, a baklava type  dish with Moroccan tea. Both a pleasure to enjoy.

This was truly a unique experience and one I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something a bit different. This is not a restaurant to go to if you do not like to linger.

The belly dancing is fun and mesmerizing for everyone.
Marrakech has become a bit of a staple for me when I am in Las Vegas. My father had taken me and some clients here long ago and I have loved it ever since. 

The restaurant is in a weird spot just a few blocks off of the Strip but well worth the ten dollar cab ride, trust me. It is pretty unassuming from the outside but upon entering you are transported to a middle eastern wonderland. Seats low to the ground, tent like drapery and intricate hanging lamps create a far away vibe. 

Once seated your hands are washed over a bowl with rose scented water as you will be eating with your hands for most of the meal. Can you say "romantic"? Tray after tray of beautifully presented items are whisked out while you lounge on the seats and enjoy the experience. Shrimp scampi, lentil soup, hummus and marinated veggies, filet skewers, couscous and chicken followed by a seriously decadent phylo dough pastry filled with apples and raisins. 

While you dine the most sexy belly dancer you have ever seen wiggles and writhes between the tables. If you are not thoroughly turned on by the atmosphere, the entertainment and the food you must be dead. 

Marrakech is best either in a large group or just for two. I can only imagine being on a date at such a place--uber romantic. And, with a large group the laughter and indulgence is sure to please. I've been with a group of about 10 and I've been with just myself and a gal pal--next will have to be a sexy man to enjoy the ambiance with.
I am dumbfounded by the rave reviews for the food at Marrakech. I've had better food in the employee dining room at Caesars Palace!!! There are much better places in town to get middle eastern food... maybe not Moroccan, per se, but do you really consider two withered beef kabobs jammed in a pineapple with a birthday candle on top Moroccan?!
I did love the ambience here. The room is cozy, red plush sheikh-chic, like the inside of a Bedouin tent. The bellydancer was really beautiful and very talented, and danced for most of the meal. The service was pretty good, and the seats are comfy. In short, everything was going along great until the food arrived!
OK, maybe I don't know enough about Moroccan food (I've only been to one other place that serves it), but I was expecting more delicate spices and exotic sweet/savory blends, grilled meats and interesting stuff like that. What we got was: white bread and shrimp scampi... minestrone soup (OK, it's supposedly "lentil" soup but it tasted like Chef Boyardee to me)... a few pickled beets and olives with hummus and more white bread... the aforementioned beef kabobs jammed into a decorative pineapple... some sort of salty stewed chicked and potatoes... and a GINORMOUS apple-baklava-pie thing that looked like it came from the bakery at Costco, doused in powdered sugar and dumped unceremoniously on a plate. I'm kind of a foodie, and this was not foodie-food -- this was food for people who are too busy ogling a bellydancer to care what they're stuffing into their salivating maws.
I had been wanting to come here for a long time, and  I was very disappointed.  For those seeking an Arabian Nights-vibe, I would recommend Paymon's over this any day -- although they don't have belly dancers, so if that's the main draw for you, then enjoy your white bread and Chef Boyardee... but don't eat the pineapple; they "wash" them and re-use 'em.
My husband took me here last month as a surprise for my birthday. The most unique experience ever and I was pleasantly surprised! I never had Moroccan food before, so I was a bit nervous. I also never experienced a 6 course meal before. This place blew my mind. The meal is set so there is no guessing over a menu on which items to order.The ambiance is amazing, its romantic, the food was delicious, and the experience is unforgettable. They even have a friendly belly dancer  that entertains you throughout your meal.
Great place to go for special occasions. Pricey, but you get what you pay for!
i didnt know what to expect thinking about morroccan food in the cheesiest city in the country. but the food was amazing. it was many courses of flavorful food. from beginning to end we all loved the meal. and for once some where had a hot belly dancer
The interior of this place makes you feel like you're in a genie bottle!  Totally middle eastern style!  A server will come to your table with some rose water and a bowl to wash your hands over.  This place serves a 6 course meal and includes a belly dancer.  Some items included in the 6 course meal include game cornish hen, couscous, kabob, and lentil soup.  Food was excellent!
Maybe it was the free bottle of Moroccan wine, but I was so ridiculously happy with this place. Hubby and I came here for dinner before our big Vegas night out, it was the perfect way to start the night. The decor is warm, sensual, and interesting. There were flowing tapestries and plush little booths, gorgeous belly dancers and friendly waiters. 

FYI you can order a 3 course meal here for $20 rather than the 6 course meal for $40. I knew there was no way I could shove 6 courses down along with all of the alcohol I planned on drinking later! They also have a vegetarian option, if you ask they will work with you. The waiter was patient through all of my crazy-food-issue questions, and didn't even judge me when I ended up sneaking in some shrimp. (what, its my birthday! Its not like I ate a mammal!!) That shrimp was damn tasty too, and the oil it sat in went very well with the bread. The food was so good, I was happy to eat it with my fingers. I really loved this place and skipped out feeling very satisfied with my visit.
i was not at all impressed with marrakech. i will give it two stars for the very cool, tent-like atmosphere, the yummy hummus and the free bottle of wine. otherwise... meh. the lentil soup tasted canned, the bread was dry and the chicken and couscous they served us at the end was tasteless.

they also have a belly dancer who will come up to your table, wiggle around and stare at you while you are either trying to eat your food or converse with your dining companion. i didn't want to be rude and ignore her, but other people were tipping her and i felt awkward paying attention and smiling politely while she danced around our table without giving her a tip, which would have made me feel creepy, like i was at a strip club or something... maybe i am just too awkward for this place.
Oh My God - Such a great experience. Everything from the company, to the food, to the ambiance, to the entertainment was amazing. 

First of all it's off the strip, so you don't have that crazy rush of people coming in and out of the place. It's sort of refreshing, after being surrounded by people 24/7. The place is pretty small, you can probably fit about 50 people in the whole place. So make sure you make a reservation, if you want to get seated right away.

Once you walk in you will notice the great decor. Beautiful bold colors all over the the restaurant, its literally covered top to bottom. The tables/seats are covered in plush cushions, which make you never want to get up from the table.

As far as the food is concerned, everything is on a set menu. It's six courses, the first being shrimp scampi, the second being a tomato based soup, the third being hummus and vegetable platter, the fourth being beef kabobs, the fifth being chicken and couscous, and the sixth and last being a fruit, powdered sugar, filo dough dessert. Everything was family style and amazing. Oh and they really don't give you any silverware, so you have to eat with your hands, good thing they wash your hands with rose water before hand. I really can't tell you which of the six dishes was my favorite, everything had a unique delicious taste. 

The other great thing about this restaurant was the entertainment. Every 15 minutes or so a belly dancer would come and dance about two or three songs. The girls are beautiful and it's amazing how they move their bodies. They also interact with the crowd, they encourage people to come up and dance with them. When I was there some of the crowd was getting too happy - they were making it rain on the belly dancers - throwing lots and lots of dollar bills at them. 

I can't wait to come back again. I will have to take some belly dancing classes before hand, that way I can dance with the best of them!
I really think that this was the best dining experience from my trip. This place has everything done right. Atmosphere is prefect for group or even couples dining.  Beer and wine offerings were okay but thats not what people are there for. 

The 6 course meal offers a lot of food for the great price. After the first few dishes it wasn't too hard to get through the main course. Desert in this meal was probably my least favorite too much powdered sugar and cinnamon  though the peaches made the dish it wasn't for me.

If your looking for a unique experience that takes you away from the tables and slots this is it. Oh and the belly dancing is top notch, just felt crummy to tip here like a stripper.
Wanted to take my mom to a new experience.  Looked on Yelp and found this restaurant.  But I'm ROYALLY PISSED OFF after eating here!!!! 

Let me start by telling you that the quality of food is very good.  The belly dancer is very good.  The reason for the 1*.......

I didn't check the regular price or looked at their website before I went into the restaurant. My bad, but I TRUSTED the waiter.  I mentioned Yelp and the waiter acknowledged the 15% discount on the total bill.  When I received the total bill it was full price but I didn't realize it was until our taxi driver, who came to pick us from the restaurant, mentioned that dinner was $39 something. I came back to the hotel and checked on line.  WHAT THE MOTHER FUCK!!!!!  I got charged full price!!!  I TRUSTED our waiter and he even mentioned for me to make sure I write something on Twitter - yes you heard me right.... "TWITTER" and to make sure I tell my friends.  On their website it mentioned that Thanksgiving eve dinner was 50% off if I mentioned either on Facebook or Twitter.  If he wanted me to write something on Twitter, he could had given me 50% off as indicated on the website.   I wouldn't be bitching so bad if I even got the 15% discount.  It's the principle!!!

Plus I gave him over a 20% tip!!!  Dinner for two $79.90, one goose $7 and tax $7.04 which came up to $93.94 for two people.  Nada discount....

Food and dancing was 5 stars, but the shady thing the waiter did subtracted 4 stars...
Yummmmmmmm  eeeeeeeee!  Taste eeeeeeee!
I'm giving this place a four (it should really be a 3 1/2) mostly for service and entertainment. This is a great place for group dinners and get togethers. The belly dancers are great fun especially when they get you into the action. 

The food is just ok. So, go in with low expectations. :) The quantities are large and pretty good, just not great. Dessert was my favorite part of the meal. Definitely a treat. It's pretty expensive, so definitely a special occasion type place.
This place is outstanding. The decor and entertainment of the restaurant is amazing. This is a great date place or good for a group, they have a few small tables as well as large ones for groups. This is a great place to start your night off at when you really wanna make the most of it. I can't wait to go back! It is on the expensive side but from my point of view your getting entertainment as well as a great meal!
you must go here! amazing food, music, environment and not to mention the amazing  bellydancers zhana and aradia they have hookah tuesdays and ladies are free i believe 10-11 on drinks. good deal.
I'm a local, been there a few times and always had a great time...and, everyone I know who's been there had a great time...foods actually pretty good.
Absolutely Amazing!!!! This was my 1st time @ a Moroccan Restaurant & I wasn't disappointed - 6 courses of food & you would think that you wouldn't have enough room to eat each course, but the serving time is spaced out & the food is surprisingly light. Excellent food & the belly dancing was too much fun, watched the pro do her thing & then we danced too - my sisters & I were here for a couple of hrs. & would've stayed longer that's how much we all enjoyed it. I would definitely come back the next time I'm visiting Vegas & recommend to anyone that enjoys good food & ambiance - truly a unique, dining experience!
The owner, Tariq, contacted me and profusely apologized on what happened.   He was very kind and completely gave me refund for my dinner.  

I've upgraded to 5 stars for him making such a great effort in trying to make it right.  

If you're tired of buffets and want a fun evening with good food and entertainment, come to this place.  Portions are large and leave room for the dessert!!  

Don't be shy, get up and dance with the belly dancer!!  My mom did!
What is a visit to Las Vegas without visiting Marrakech!?!  Its always our #1 to-do.  Their food is outstanding, the decor is plush and cozy, the lighting is low, and the belly dancers and music are stellar!  We love the rose water hand washing before the meal. It is an extraordinary start to an extraordinary eating experience.  We have been there for both romantic dinners for two, as well as fun family dining with the kids.  The food is brought out one course after another...huge family style portions of the most amazing culinary delights.  The service is perfection and the location is only 2 minutes off the strip (kiddie-corner to the Hard Rock Hotel).  Every cab driver knows exactly where this place is.  Its a Vegas must!
Marrakech is THE ultimate date spot, great for a gathering of friends you haven't seen in awhile, or simply a spectacular experience! I have been going here for years and have enjoyed excellent food and fantastic service every time. 

The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and I love the low tables and cushion-like seating. The servers are all warm and timely in refilling wine and water while juggling all the courses of delish food and the belly dancers are always wonderful too! Bring some cash to tip the dancer and be prepared for her to teach you a move or two!

The food is absolutely amazing and you cannot beat the price anywhere in town! Course after course is beautifully presented to the table and everything tastes amazing! I cannot pick a favorite course so make sure that you arrive with a big appetite. 

Overall this place is a gem that I tell friends, family, and tourists alike that they MUST go!!!
No doubt my experience here may have been a little skewed because my friends are tight with the owner, Tariq, but I absolutely loved this place.  What a great combination of tourist attraction, good food and good service.  The inside of the restaurant is really like being inside of the genie bottle on I Dream of Jeanie. 

The amount of food you get with the six course dinner is incredible.

Course #1 - Shrimp Scampi - So lemony and buttery.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  Maybe my favorite course.  

Course #2 - A hummus platter of pickled carrots, olives, pita bread.  The hummus had a great flavor.  Loved it. 

Course # 3 - Some type of hot tomato soup.  This was the only course I didn't enjoy.

Course #4 - Beef skewers.  They're presented in a pineapple, more for show than anything, but this course was so good!

Course #5 - Chicken with couscous.  Enjoyed this.

Course # 6 - Dessert.  I don't know how else to describe it.  By this point I was seeing stars from all the food.  I remember it was a warm pastry with fruit and nuts and a half ton of powdered sugar.  

All for $40 a person!  Admittedly, I have little to no experience with belly dancers, but I thought both of the dancers we saw were great.  This place was entertaining and far exceeds Tournament of Kings in terms of entertainment and quality of the food.   

I plan to go back and bring out-of-towners because Marrakech is such a unique experience.
I don't have much experience with Moroccan food but it is often mentioned in Las Vegas that if you want to try Moroccan cuisine, the best place to go is Marrakesh. The restaurant is close to the Las Vegas strip and in the same plaza as the infamous Spanish tappas restaurant, Firefly.

The inside of the restaurant is decorated elaborately and feels like a real life set of Aladdin. If half of a restaurant is made by its ambiance, then Marrakesh has it nailed. After you are seated around a circular table, a service staff member comes by with a bowl and a pot of rose scented water, and you are asked to cleanse your hands.

The two items worth noting were the Moroccan style shrimp scampi which comes out as the first course and the beef brochette which comes out on skewers (essentially a kabob) planted in a pineapple. The Moroccan bread which is served like a bread basket throughout the entire dining experience was actually one of the highlights.

The lemon herb chicken accompanied with cous cous as the main course was actually a bit of a disappointment. The cous cous seemed bland and the chicken equally under seasoned. The dessert, which was amazing on the first bite, seeemed disastrously sweet on the second, and almost inedible by the third.  

Another part of the dining experience at Marrakesh was the live belly dancing show and the loud Moraccan music that is piped overhead. While the show and the music was enjoyable at first. It became more of a nuisance to anyone that was trying to have a conversation over dinner. This isn't a restaurant you would take a friend you want to catch up with.

This restaurant seems ideal for partying with a large group. The food was decent, and the atmosphere enjoyable the first 30 minutes. I'm not sure if the entire dinner was worth the 40 dollars. Service was timely and impeccable.
I don't get the hype. High priced, average food, and atmosphere. The part time belly dancer/part time stripper was a nice touch.
Went to Marrakech this evening with some friends.  Arrived on the early side, around 6:30p.   Ambiance was fun--1001 Arabian nights stuff.  Food was middle of the road--not bad--just not particularly unique or flavorful.  Service was very attentive/good.  The belly dancer provided some decent  entertainment, although it was a little weird watching a 5 year old boy tucking dollar bills in belly dancer's skirt at his parents' insistence.  Actually, perhaps it was a sort of training ritual               to prepare hims for his future trips to Vegas.
One word - so funandamazing! Ok, I dont think that's really one word, but when you find a great place to eat and be entertained, you make some exceptions.   My military unit was staying nearbye this restaurant and a frequent visitor (new guy in the unit) wouldnt shut up about this place.  After finally being convinced to try the place, I soon found out the reason why he was so enthusiastic.

First of all they have a six course meal and it IS delicious.  From the start all the way til the end the food was delicious.  The very first dish was the shrimp scampi - this dish was the best shrimp scampi dish i've ever  had.  One word of advice, you have to try the bread and dip into the savory shrimp scampi sauce.  The next dish was the lentil soup.  I've only had a few bowls of this stuff, but the way this place makes it, it comes out very lemony and tasty.  The steak skewer was perfectly grilled and the rest of the meal was great. 

To finish it off, the tea that they give you was the perfect way to end it. Who would have ever thought that an extremley hot, sweet tea would be a nice way to end a meal.  Thanks to my friend who was so insistent on going here.  I've now found a place I must head to every time to vegas.  You can have your buffets, but this place rocks and I will now be a frequent customer every time I head to vegas.

ps - the belly dancer is amazing too ; )  best i've ever seen!
Great restaurant.  Husband & I were visiting Las Vegas, had never had Moroccan food, so we decided to give this a try.

We had NO idea what to expect, so we were seated & sat around like goons for a minute (despite the fact that the restaurant has a big placard right inside the front door describing what to expect).  

As mentioned in most reviews, this is a prix fixe menu (about $40 a person) serving six courses.  No menu necessary.  

Everything was very good.  The highlight was the 'salad' (really more of an appetizer plate, but described on the menu as salad, and served as the third course), with beets, carrots, hummus, tzatziki, and olives.  Loved it.  The steak skewers were also fabulous.  The chicken and couscous was pretty bland, but by that time, we were so stuffed with great food that we could forgive this.

Also worth note - the dessert.  Holy cow.  I'm not a big fan of dessert, but this was amazing...a huge plate of something similar to baklava.  Lots of phyllo dough with walnuts, honey, some type of fruit (pear?  apple?) and baked.  And lots of it!  Yyeeaahh!!!

Service was good...they just kept bringing the food.  My husband thought the belly dancer was great & wished that she had performed more than once in the hour & a half that she was there.

I'm a fan!
Fun experience with friends (we are all locals). Ambiance was nice , dancers were fun to watch, food was good, service was good. Only con: we had a Groupon and made a reservation for 2. Later we told friends about Marrakesh and they thought it would be nice to join us . At the restaurant they asked to use the 15% Yelp discount but were denied because we had the Groupon. Seemed unfair since they came along only because we recommended it. In any event, a nice time and good food.
WHAT A DINNING EXPERIENCE!!

I was greeted by a hostess right outside the door.  As I took a few steps passed the door, I had to step through another doorway with hanging curtains-- then, I was transported to what seems like a magical far-away place (I had never experience anything like this before!!) The decor and setting of the place was outstanding! I felt like I was in an authentic Moroccan tent with draping fabrics on the ceilings; hookahs in the corners; low-leveled seatings and tables; dim lightings with lit candles; beautifully printed fabrics and carpets covered every space of the walls. 

This place has a prixe fixe  6 course menu--  $39.96 per person. My favorite was the Beef Brochette (Kabob). It was super (SUPER) juicy, tender and...definitely grilled to perfection! Be sure to dip them into the  two dips from the sampler's plate. The overall dining experience was  3.5/5. Not every dish was a hit nor was it a miss for me. It was definitely fun trying new things.

The belly dancers were amazing. It was mesmerizing to watch and entertaining at the same time. The music was thumping non-stop!!  

If you're all about experiencing new things and want to be transported out of Las Vegas for a few hours, definitely come check this place out. Be sure to mention that you came across this place on Yelp to get your 15% off from your entire bill. Reservation is required.
Marrakech is an excellent venue if you're looking for a set price, great for large groups and adds that extra spice with it's authentic Moroccan decor. 

It's as if you're transported directly to Morocco as the host leads you through the draped red velvet curtains into the restaurant. Fabric as far as the eye can see, cozy couches, plush benches and intimate little seating areas serve as this restaurant's dining space. It feels as though you've stepped into a Moroccan themed living room. 

Side note: The ladies restroom is almost as big as my apartment (ha), complete with table and chair (as if sitting on the toilet is not relaxing enough, perhaps a waiting area for potential "drop off"? Ha ha, not sure). 

Upon arrival, your server may or may not see the urgency in taking your order right away, I've had two sets of experiences with the staff there. Once you place your beverage order, the feeding frenzy commences! 

The food is a 6 course set menu with a vegetarian option (in which I thoroughly enjoyed). First you will have to cleanse your hands in a table side experience where the server pours rose water over all hands dining at the table (not sure how "clean" rose water actually gets your hands, but they smell delightful after wards!). 

Shrimp scampi (or garlic mushrooms), soup, bread, bread, and more bread. Kabobs, chicken with veggies and what I like to call Moroccan "rice/pasta", cous cous, and some powdered sugar drenched pastry for desert accompanied by a super SWEET tea. 

All in all the experience is fantastic, hot belly dancers, great variety of Moroccan music, decent service, and tasty eats. 

Bring a date or bring a group, the set menu and fixed price definitely is a plus. (Cash a bond or liquidate your assets for the drink menu though.. yikes!)
POSITIVES:

Great Service  - Our server, Ali, made this a top notch experience.  He was pleasant, charming, attentive, quick, and very accommodating.  

Good Food - Some of the 7 items were hits and some were miss, but overall the meal was satisfying.  The shrimp seemed a bit overcooked, it was almost rubbery.  The soup that followed was like canned soup.  Everything that followed was good, especially the kabob which was flavorful and tender.  There was so much food that by the 6th plate, I was so full that I could barely put a dent in the chicken or dessert.  Thankfully they let you take leftover food home.  

Ambiance - The restaurant itself is very cozy and ethnic looking, at least that's what it's going for.  I've never been to Morocco so I don't know how authentic it all is, but they did a good job in making the customer feel like they've left Vegas and entered a Moroccan lounge. 

Talented belly dancers - they come out once every hour and a half and dance for 10 minutes.  

NEGATIVES: 

Lack of menu options

Shrimp tasted like rubber

Soup tasted like canned soup

CONCLUSION:

If it were my restaurant, I'd replace the shrimp scampi plate with something else, get rid of the soup, and maybe throw some more options in the menu that allow the customer to have more variety.  The current 7 course meal is fine for the first time customer, but I don't see how this business would attract repeat customers using the same foods.
Angel:  4 Stars: Very intimate and sensual atmosphere. We were greeted by a typical male Las Vegas nightclub host; seeing that we were dining at a venue that promotes itself as an authentic Moroccan restaurant, I found him to be quite out of place. Upon entering Marrakech we found ourselves submerged into a relaxing, and tantalizing ambiance. If you select the basic option you are given three courses, including a dessert. I had a glass of Amazir red, a Moroccan wine, that paired nicely with my meal. This is definitely a delightful place for couples and groups. They had really gorgeous belly dancers who were very "skilled" at their profession, Lol. But make sure that if you are brave enough to shake it with these ladies that you have "CASH AT HAND" and tip accordingly :o)

Before you are served your hands are cleaned in a cute sort of ritualistic manner. Eating with your hands enhances the overall experience. If you are an average size lady, the portions may be a little big for you. However, I found myself falling in love more and more with every bite. The dessert was too much, but the overall meal kept my taste buds very excited. The servers weren't the most talkative, but I'm not sure if that was a cultural thing and that's just how Moroccan food is presented? Its also very easy to lose track of time, which makes this a great mini escape from Vegas without leaving Vegas.


Alex: 4 stars. I've never had authentic Moroccan food, so I'm unqualified to compare. All I can say is that I was thoroughly impressed with the taste. Very flavorful and well-prepared. We ordered the three-dish meal for $25 each (a solid deal) which came with cooked veggies and dip, chicken with couscous, and dessert. I had no complaints whatsoever about the food. The dancers were great, and made sure to keep the entire restaurant engaged; bring cash for tips to show your appreciation for their talent. The atmosphere is extremely laid back. Dance with the dancers, laugh, drink, be merry. I guess what keeps it from being a true 5-star for me is two things: First, though I love the belly-dancing music, between shows it slips into cheesy Vegas techno and kills the beautiful atmosphere they've created with the interior design and lighting. Second is the Welcome-Factor of the waiters. There is none. It's kind of a "done yet?" feeling.

Take friends, take in the atmosphere, and enjoy the delicious food...you don't wanna miss this place!
Tacky and Unrefined....but I'm not talking about Chicken Wings...


This Moroccan restaurant has figured out a working business model.  They use the lack of other Moroccan restaurants in the area, plus belly dancers, plus interesting decor, all to distract customers from the sub par food and poor service.  

We did the 6 course tasting menu for $40.  Much of the food tasted like it was sitting out at a buffet, and some unhappy waiter just brought it to our table.  For the money that you will spend here, you can actually go to a good buffet, even though you may have to get the food yourself.  

The mint tea at the end of the meal was heavenly.  It was soothing, and left a very pleasant taste on my palette, which helped distract from the other flavors that were there prior.  


If you're looking for dinner and a show, get some Teppenyaki.  If you want mediocre food while eating in what feels like a magic lamp, I guess you found the right place.  

There is nothing magical about this lamp, and no genie either.  You've been warned.
This place is fun if you want something a little different. My ex-boyfriend took me here on date night. Is dark, quiet, romantic, and the belly dancers are a fun nice touch for entertainment. The food is good, and you do leave full, the portions are pretty good. 

The only downfall is that we had a less than enthused with his job waiter :( He had dark hair and was heavy set, a real grump. If you see a shorter chubby bear approaching your table with a look on his face as if you just interrupted him during a bowel movement then you are screwed. 

The overall experience. ambiance was a fun different type of thing.
Service and food mediocre at best.

It was $100 tab for two of us for the two pre-fix meals and two sodas.
I've gone to Marrakech for years, and it's usually a good experience, but on my last visit (with a Groupon), everything seemed to have gone downhill.

I think we got the same chunky Cuban waiter Nikki H. mentioned below. He was incredibly unpleasant, forgot to wash our hands until it was time for dessert, and he repeatedly forgot out drinks. It was an adventure just trying to get a water.

The time before last, I was here with a large party, and the same chunky guy scolded my stepmom for saying she doesn't eat beef, after he asked if anyone has any dietary restrictions. Whatever.

The food was the same as always, with the shrimp scampi being my favorite part, but they seemed to be trying to rush us out of there while taking good care of everyone else. My husband even participated in the bellydancing and tipped the girls well, but we were still treated like dirt.

Overall, the food is okay, but I'd prefer a REAL Moroccan place where I can get some chicken bastilla. Service was awful; bellydancers are the best in town. On Marrakech's Facebook, they act like they are so excited to have their Groupon customers, but that definitely wasn't the case when we went. I won't be buying the Groupon that's currently on sale, and I doubt I'll even be back unless someone important insists on having a party there. Really crappy experience after I built it up to my friends!
This place was pretty awesome. Came here last year during my trip to Vegas with a friend. Got a groupon for it so the price was reasonable and the experience was great. Each course was excellent, the atmosphere was good and the staff friendly. Not sure if I'd come back again since it's kind of a static experience, but it was definitely worth it.
My man took me here for my birthday dinner...I was the dirty 30 plus 1. I had been dying to try this place because he told me it was fun and the food was good. As Christine H. put it so well...you step through the curtains and feel like you are being transported to a magical place. It was beautiful. 
We sat down at were handed a bar menu and a couple of towels. We were told that we going to have a rose water hand bath. It was lovely and made my hands smell like a perfume my favorite great aunt used to wear before she passed. Brought back nice memories and was definitely a different way to start dinner. The server took our drink order and asked us if we had any food allergies. After we said no he told us the first of six courses would be out soon. 

1st course: Shrimp scampi...did I forget to mention that the first 4 courses are meant to be eaten with your hands...pretty cool :) It was so yummy...garlic and citrus jumped out. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and made me excited for the rest of the meal

2nd course: Hummus, babaganush, pickled cukes, beets anld carrots. Loved both the dips although I must say I preferred the hummus.

3rd course: some form of lentil soup that was super hot and tasted kind of boring at first but then started to grow on you. I ended up pounding it because it was so good. 

4th course: Beef skewers that were served sticking out of a pineapple. You must use the bread given at the beginning of the meal to get it off the skewer otherwise you will burn your hands. The meat was cooked just to my liking and the onions had a delicious caramelized flavor.

5th course: We got a fork for this one. Chicken on the bone and couscous. The chicken was so moist and the couscous had a chicken-y flavor. I was getting kinda full  by this course so I don't think I could fully appreciate it.

6th course: DESSERT! A Moroccan pastry with cinnamon, chocolate, cream and bananas. It was light and flaky but I could only have a few bites. 

Overall I will be back again for a special occasion. It wasn't that expensive ($90 before tip for 2 people in this town is pretty reasonable for a nice night out) but it would get old if you went all the time. The belly dancers were awesome, fun and something I don't see everyday. I enjoyed my birthday dinner immensely. Thank you Marrakech :)
Great experience, bad service. It was beautiful inside along with the belly dancers. They serve a pre fixed six course meal at $40 per person, drinks were $10-14 a pop. The waiter was so unattentive, many times no where to be seen and two hours later we were only on our third course. We left bored out of our minds and out of cash from all the belly dancers shaking their hips for tips. I would definately recommend this place for a large group where you have plenty of conversation between many people. Average wait for each meal was 30 minutes or more. Food was decent, unfortunately a lot of it was wasted, but it was all about the experience.
We first discovered Marrakech when my dance troupe attended the Belly Dance Intensive a few years ago. Every year we've gone to Vegas we've gone to Marrakech because it's such an awesome place to go to with a bunch of friends.
The minute you walk in the door you're transported to another part of the world; the low tables, dim lighting, variety of benches and poufs, Moroccan lanterns. The ambience is amazing.
The food is superb...and there's a lot of it... even 8 of us couldn't finish it all off. The servers give you plenty of time between the different courses so you can sit and chat and enjoy the fabulous dancers (and yes, the dancers ARE fabulous-- their technique is perfect). 
I've only been here with a large group, but looking around this would be the perfect romantic date spot. 
I'll also say that the mint tea at the end of the meal is superb. I'm not a huge tea drinker and I mostly dislike mint, but somehow I love this tea.
Not for me.  I was here for a large birthday party and did not enjoy the food.  The atmosphere is fun as it is unusual and the belly dancers create a unique experience.  Have not been back to dine again.
I had heard of Marrakech and been wanting to go there for about a year already. My Birthday finally came around and i thought what better way to celebrate it then at Marrakech!!! Oh how wrong i was!

 the food was bland and really nothing exciting might of even tasted like something thrown together in 15 min. My  waiter made it an even worst experience ever. Making some racial Comments is so uncalled for and how very unprofessional. He was a more heavy set guy who is Cuban i believe. 

The food was being rushed.  the shrimp scampi was removed from my table when i had literally put the last shrimp in my mouth then i sipped my lentil soup when the Zalook and Hummus appeared. i dipped in maybe twice when the kabbobs and cous cous was already there and my humus was gone...before i new it everything was wrapped in a box to go all i needed was for someone to tell me ,DONT LET THE DOOR HIT YOUR BUT !!

 I will never go here again. One time for me is all it takes. It seems like it has great reviews from many pple but from what i see this place does have a problem with the customer service part. Tip to Waiter Keep the racial comments to your self Buddy. I will be telling all my friends about this place and what bad experience i had . i give Marrakech A BIG THUMBS DOWN!!!!
My family has been coming to Marrakech in Vegas for as long as I can remember. So, when I saw a groupon for it we snatched that baby up and booked a reservation for July 4th weekend, during our recent trip to Vegas. The coupon helped tremendously, since there were 7 of us and this place is a tad on the expensive side, but for all you get, it is surely worth the price. 

Based on the food alone I would probably rate this restaurant 3 stars, but who goes here JUST for the food - no one. The experience is well worth the price and even though the food isn't the BEST I've ever had, it is pretty good. Stand outs for me are the shrimp appetizer with bread, which is so good. Soaking up that buttery, garlicky sauce with fresh bread is excellent. I love the hummus and pickled carrots. The soup is OK (I would cut this course out if I could). The beef kabobs are the BOMB! They are so well cooked and extra yummy. The chicken is moist, and the cous cous is good, but nothing special. The dessert was different this past time than it previously was. I liked how it used to be - nuts and chicken- this time it was bananas and chocolate and I'm allergic to bananas and I didn't know they were in there, so that was a bummer. 

The belly dancing MAKES this place. It's fun, and I love seeing my Husband get pulled up to dance with the girls. Cracks me up every time. I would say go to Marrakech for the experience at least once when you are in Vegas. It's off the strip, but well worth going... you'll have some funny trying something different and unique!
Went for the second time the other night. Still enjoy the atmosphere and most of the courses are pretty good. I like the scampi course and the beef kabobs best. Would absolutely be a 4 star review if we had not been served a subpar bottle of wine. We ordered a bottle of Moroccan wine for $35. Reasonable price. Well, the waiter did not pour a taste for my husband. As soon as we sipped it we knew why - it tasted bad, like grape juice. I waved a waiter down and said as much but was told that is how it was supposed to taste. Paying for gross wine that we didn't even finish left a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure I'll return.
2 stars only because there was a belly dancer. Both of the dancers we saw were really good.

As for the food:

My tastebuds were more excited during free lunch in the employee dining room today. I felt like the first four courses could be procured at my local albertsons and cooked in fifteen minutes on my stove. Dessert was some banana with sugar? on sugar? and a extra layer of sugar on top.

The final shot of tea tasted like Starbucks black tea with honey.

At 40 bucks a pop normally, i felt that it is seriously overpriced. Thank god for groupon.
Food was great and lots of it! Belly dancing was a nice extra. Good service. The only dish we had issues with was the chicken plate, it was very bland and was the only dish that we didn't have seconds of.
Went to this place while visiting Las Vegas. I went with a friend that has never been to an Arab place. It was not far from the hotel. We went on a Saturday night. We had the fixed price menu.. The shrimp was to die for. Succulent, lemony- perfect! The bread was good. The lentil soup- I have tasted better. The cous cous... not so outstanding cause it was a little mushy! Their appetizer plate was really fresh. Their hummus, baba ghanoush and beets were delish.  Service was pretty good. They took pics for us which was really nice of them.. 

The belly dancers were pretty good. I got up and danced after the first dancer pointed for me to join her on the dance floor. I can belly dance pretty well. She must have felt that I started to steal the attention from her since a few people seemed to like my dancing- so of course.. she turns her back to me and keeps dancing by a group of other customers. She needs to make her living. So it's No big deal obviously. I still danced a little more and my friend took pics. This place is overpriced- but the place makes up for it with the service and the atmosphere. Oh I forgot my credit card there and the waiter ran to give it to me. That was very kind of him. It's a good place to check out.. however, it's Vegas and there are so many yummy places to try out.. Like the buffets for example!
The atmosphere in this restaurant is truly authentic. The experience is a once in a lifetime opportunity. The food was great. The dancer was amazing. The wait staff friendly. The music divine. The owner amiable. Everything was perfect here. My only complaint would be the price which without a Groupon would be much to pricy to frequent too often. Go here for the experience of a lifetime
The minute you walk in it's like you've stepped into a tent in the middle of the dessert. Which, I guess, is kind of true. Anyway, we had Opentable reservations (definitely try and make reservations because the restaurant is small and they are often sold out completely for the evening) and a Groupon. We opted for the six course meal (we had fasted in preparation) but still could not eat all of it. While it's not commonly advertised, they do a smaller prix fix and an a la cart menu as well, so if you're not prepared for the six courses, ask or they probably won't tell you about it. The inside of the restaurant is amazing and beautiful; it really makes the ambiance fun and probably even makes the food taste better (not that it needs to, it's wonderful too). Every course was great even though we couldn't eat all of it and they do have utensils too, thankfully. The dancers were fun to watch and they weren't too pushy in getting people to dance (usually the drunk or bald guys would get picked on). The music when the dancers weren't present was at a great volume for talking. My friend and I had a great time, it was a wonderful experience and a lot of fun.
Let's just say that we were extremely satisfied when we left the restaurant (fat and happy!).  
I got a groupon deal for a 6-course dinner (which I actually had no idea that's what the deal was....I wouldn't have eaten all day if I knew that!).  I cannot say enough about how amazing their food was.  The shrimp was awesome, with tons of garlic and other yumminess, the soup was so-so, the beef was SO tender (thought it was lamb, apparently so do a lot of people), the hummus was the best hummus I have EVER had (the other stuff on the plate was good too, but I liked the hummus the best), the chicken was very tasty, but by the time that and the dessert came out, I could not eat a THING!!  I was floored by how much food there was and how amazing it was.  I didn't really need the glass of wine I ordered (nor the dessert; I wasn't a fan of it).
The overall experience was awesome and the wait staff was great.  The belly dancers were fun to watch (I tipped one of them). :)
I would go back if I ever visit Vegas again.  I need a few years off though....
My first impression about this place walking in is wow, definitely not what I expected. It's a very lounge like place. The food is wonderful and you eat with your hands; however, one of the dish you get they give you a fork. I'm pretty sure it be difficult eating rice with your fingers, lol. The kabab is to die for esp when dipped in their hummus. The chicken cuts through like butter. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was their dessert at the end. It was a pastry stuffed with the fruits & nuts, topped with the heaps of powdered sugar and cinnamon. Not a fan of the fruit part.
Very expensive with no choices.
I've been here 6 times now. Come whenever I'm in Vegas. Food is excellent. The belly dancers are fun and music thumping. The steak skewers are tremendous - perfectly seasoned. I'm a life-long customer.
Marz' review rang a bell with me.  We also, purchases a groupon, and we tried to get reservations.  This meant we had to eat very late.  But I assumed that they had been filled up by groupon members.  No problem.  The reservations were two weeks out!

Then, that evening, I was delayed in an out of town airport.  I called three hours prior to the reservation time to explain our reason for cancellation.  I asked to make new reservations but was told to call at another time! 

I then get a note from Open Table, the site you must reserve through, that I was listed as a "no show" and I was at risk of not being able to use open table again!  

Needless to say, I was dismayed.  

Then, I tried again to get reservations but they were so far out, I couldn't seem to book them on line so we decided to walk in.  In fact, I tried to get 5:30 reservations for Oct 3, but the site said there were none for that day.

We walked in at 6 pm and were asked how many.  We indicated two, and my husband noted we have a groupon.  The gentleman then said, "We don't have availability tonight."

Now, we were there 1/2 AFTER the time we wanted, and there was only ONE table with two people seated at it utilized.  The restaurant was EMPTY.  But they had no availability for us at 5:30, and none when we walked in.

Obviously, they want to space out their groupon customers.  Well, I asked for a refund.  And I will never go back.  I'd love to review the food, but since I haven't been in a few years...I really can't.  I never got to try it.  Beware Marrakesh groupons!

Thank goodness, Yolies, upstairs from Marrakesh, had a place for us.  We were able to eat to our heart's delight and had EXCELLENT service. They were quite full, but still found a quiet table to serve us!
While attending a company convention  we ventured off strip to see what goes on in LV with the locals.  The taxi ride was only about $12 from the Paris Hotel and took about 10 minutes.

The decor of MMR is very original and makes you feel like you are in a large tent in North Africa.  Everyone was very friendly, the reservation was on time and the food servers were on it.  The six course meal was very taste and fun to eat.

Not forgetting about the entertainment now...the belly dancers were lots of fun and very inviting.  We thoroughly enjoyed them as the moved around the tent like room.

The whole experience lasted about two hours and was really great.  We did not stay for the hookah pipes but next time we will do that too.

Go to MMR, you'll love it!
Preliminary reviews...very nice atmosphere! The food was good as well. After wasing your hands in their rose water once you're going to want to do it on a regular basis and take a bath in it. The food portions were small but you will leave there stuffed. Stay away on Friday eveninings after 7 to avoid the crowds at Fireflys next door.
Marrakech was amazing!  We had always wanted to try this place out, and we finally were able to last night and it did not disappoint.  This is one of the most intimate and fun dining experiences I have ever had.  Every course of the Prixe Fixe menu was amazing and the service was wonderful.
Yes, I am a huge fan of this place. Been there a few times and plan on going again. However, I was pretty disappointed in the response the server and bus boy had in DUMPING an entire bowl of soup all over two out of three people in our party. They destroyed my friends beige suede pumps and my boyfriend had what looked like puke all down his pants and shoes. It was pretty disastrous and their response was "I'm sorry, here's a towel". Kind of odd but then I realized two of us had a groupon so I'm sure they figured all was good since we got a deal. Bad form on their part but like I said I love that place still. The food is amazing and it's a really fun place. Watch out for that clumsy bus boy though....
The BF and I had a little date night planned. Dinner show with Moroccan food and gyrating booties! 

*Lentil soup & bread- the bread was good and the soup was nicely spiced. 
*Shrimp scampi- I don't see how this belongs in a Moroccan place, but as far as scampi goes it was alright. 
*Hummus & Zaaluk- hummus was alright, but the zaaluk (eggplant dip) was tasty. They gave us beets, olives, vinegared cucumbers and carrot sticks to dip.
* Beef Kebob- this was pretty decent, slightly salty. 
* Chicken (Djaj) platter- chicken was juicy and thrown on cabbage and cous cous. This was okay, it wasn't really an exciting dish to make as the main. I have had some real Moroccan tagines before and they are full of flavor and was expecting something more exotically spiced. This was more like what I would make in a tagine at home if I didn't have a lot of fragrant spices on hand (which I always do!)
* B'Stilla- from the description on the menu it sounded like a baklava with fruits in it. What we ended up getting was a puff pastry with chocolate, nuts and banana. It was not was expecting, but decent. It was very heavy with powdered sugar on it though. 
*Mint Tea- this was really nice, lightly sweetened. Wish they gave you a whole pot and not just a cup of this hot tea. 

On a plus, food came out piping hot! 

To drink throughout the meal we got Iced Mint Tea which is the same kind as what they were serving us with dessert. It's good iced as well as warm. It was $5 though! I think they do that to get you to be even with those drinking. C'mon now though, tea is cheap to make. 

Service was attentive and really good. I like how they wash your hands in rose water and my hands smelled nice throughout the night. I picture our music room looking like this place eventually. 

We came rather late so there weren't many parties there dining. The belly dancer was really cute and very good at what she does. I think since it was a small group we only got a short show (maybe 15 minutes of dancing) and sat around eating dinner with music and was hoping they come out in intervals but she was never to be seen again. Is it like that during packed times or are there dancers constantly out? If its the latter then we kinda got screwed out of a show then just because it wasn't a packed house. We're still customers. It's probably a different experience when there's a ton of groups participating. 

I had a groupon so it covered some of the cost. Still even with that I am not sure about the value of dinner and a show.  It's expensive for what you get. The dinner for two would end up to be $118 regularly (2 meals, tip for belly dancer and waiter), $58 with groupon.

I'm glad we tried it and had the groupon, but I think it was a one time experience. I just feel like for $58 I rather have gone to AYCE sushi and for $118 then I would go to the strip and get ourselves a $40 taster so we get  a gourmet meal. For a dinner show- I rather go next door to teppanyaki.
I absolutely enjoyed my dinner here on a Saturday evening, thank you Marrakech for having a groupon deal.

Our servers were very attentive.  Based on the prior reviews, I was a bit hesitant but glad I decided to see for myself.

The food was delicious.
1st-Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi: love the lemon wine garlic sauce.  We were dipping the moroccan bread pieces into this flavorful sauce that I had to keep reminding myself not to overdo it since there are 5 more courses to come.  The shrimps were small but cooked perfectly.

2nd-Harira Soup:  this was really good!  I can gulp down 2 bowls of this lentil soup!

3rd-Marrakech Sampler: hummus, eggplant/tomato dip, olives, cucumbers, beets and carrots.  Nothing special

4th-Beef Brochette:  a skewer of tender beef, very tender and has good flavor.  I was pretty full at this point so I ate one chunk and the rest was eaten by my bf.

5th-Chicken couscous (Morrocan Style): The chicken was tender over couscous.  An extra bowl of gravy was brought out in case we wanted more gravy on our dish.  We tasted some of this dish and ask for it to go.  So So full.

6th-B'stilla and hot Morrocan mint tea:  Oh wow, this fluffy pastry, wrapped with filo dough was so yummy with the mint tea.  I wonder if I can just come and have the fluffy pastry and mint tea...that would be awesome.  Anywho, the fluffy pasty was filled with chocolate and almonds, topped with more almonds, powdered sugar and cinnamon.  So good.

The bellydancers were great.  However, since we enjoy our conversation with each other, the music can be a tad bit loud.  

Conclusion:  I probably wouldn't pay $40 dinner for one.  It was a great dinner and experience but not for that price.  Therefore, I am a fan when there is such a deal.
The ONLY reason they get two stars is the fact that the belly dancers were  amazing and the dessert at the end.  When the waiters came around with rosewater for your hands, I thought that was a great touch.  The atmosphere is nice, the dinnerware is surprisingly bland and Kohl's Department Store sale rack-ish.  The food was extra blah with no seasoning or spice.  Thought we rolled in on diabetic night.  Well, we won't be back and the food was too expensive for how it tasted.  The mint tea was excellent, though
Disappointed. Been wanting to try this place for years, so when the groupon came up & thought it would be perfect to try it out. Upon entering, we were seated in an old room that may have been cool back in the 90's but not so much anymore. The first course was shrimp scampi, not bad but not impressive. Second course was the bowl of soup that tasted like progresso, then the hummus platter that was ok. Then the steak skewers that weren't bad but again not anything great. Lastly the chicken & cous cous. This isn't Moroccan food. 

The other strange thing was the belly dancer was Asian, aren't we at a Moroccan restaurant? Don't get me wrong, she was good. 

For 4 people to dine, with the $65 off for the groupon it still was $102. I'm sorry but it definitely was not worth it. Way better Mediterranean food at Paymons. Lastly the service was lacking, I sat for 20 minutes with an empty water glass, and the place was not busy. Save your $ go somewhere else.

Fake Moroccan restaurant. Owners are Lebanese.
Dining at Marrakech has become a tradition of my friends' annual trip to Vegas and I was delighted to be able to join them this year. The restaurant is located off strip so prepared to take a cab. 

Yes, the dining room is one large room and fairly small compared to other Vegas restaurants, but I liked the ambiance, finding that it lent to the intimacy of the experience. Guests are seated on couches at low tables. Be prepared to eat with your hands (they do provide rose water for cleansing before dining.) 

I enjoyed almost all of the food during the six courses served: warm bread, shrimp, soup, steak kabobs, chicken and rice, and a banana & chocolate souffle-type pastry. While the food wasn't mind-blowing, I did enjoy it. 

Belly dancing is dispersed throughout the evening. The women will encourage others to get up and dance with them. I was too shy, but one of my friends got up and had a great time. 

Overall I'm looking forward to returning again should I make it to Vegas next year.
Yes it's not cheap but about forty-five per person, you'll be very content with the off-the-Strip feeling of this restaurant. 

I organized a bachelor's party dinner here and everybody was happy. The dancers could shake, and my tummy was happy.

Even though I was full, I couldn't stop eating the dessert; a flaky nutella-like chocolate, banana filled concoction that rocked my tongue's world.

And after dinner, move your BP to the cigar bar in the same plaza!!
My husband and I went to Marrakech a couple weeks a go during our short trip in Vegas and it was definitely a highlight of our weekend! The service was great and everything came out pretty fast. The place has a beautiful ambiance and definitely makes you feel like you are having a cultural experience. Most importantly the food was AMAZING!! It was also one of the cheapest meals we had in Vegas. In such an expensive city, it was nice to have a great meal experience that was affordable. You don't want to leave Vegas without checking out this spot!
We have gone to this restaurant on two of our Vegas trips.  It is a very short drive from the strip and well worth it.  The Moroccan experience at Marrakech is just as good as the food.  The belly dancer was awesome.  She encouraged my wife to get up and shake her booty.

The food is awesome as well.  I like not having to worrying about ordering they just keep bringing the food.  The service is top notch, glass of water always full, never have to ask for more bread and the next course comes just as you wash down the prior course with your beverage.

The place isn't cheap and I got the impression that the menu doesn't change much so I'm not sure if this is a good place to go to more than once a month.  The groups we saw there were having an AWESOME time.  Lots of locals here, this is a good place to go if you want to get off the strip.

There isn't any good Moroccan in San Diego so when SoCal residents drive to Vegas, dine at a place off the strip once and enjoy the entire experience of dinning at a Moroccan Restaurant
This was a pretty cool dining experience.  

As we were planning our trip to Sin City, I perused Groupon and found this great deal.  The BFF's agreed, and the Groupon was bought.

The dining room is wrapped in a cloth and decorated in traditional Moroccan style.  The feel is like you are in a warm happy place.  You sit on low benches, or little stools...so ladies, I might bypass the short dresses here.  Unless you are not shy,  The servers were great, taking us in nearly an hour before our reservation time.  we thought there would be a bar we could sit at, but there was not.

With the Groupon, we had the 6 course meal, which was DELICIOUS!!  Every course that came out was made to perfection and in just the right proportions.  My favorites were the shrimp and lemon garlic sauce.  The bread dipped in the drippings were scrumptious.  And the Beef Kabobs were perfect.  For a nice touch, with desert came a delicious mint tea that just ended the meal on the right note.

The Belly dancer was pretty cool.  She was amazing, and everyone had a great time!  She moved through the room gracefully, and encouraged people to get up and dance with here.  The music they played was perfect, and just loud enough where you felt like you wanted to get up and dance, but could still carry on a conversation with your friends.

Cab fare from the strip, and back, was about $30 total.

It is a pricey place if you don't have the Groupon.  I am not sure I would have come if I had to pay the full price for 4 people.  But I am glad we made it in...I have not seen anything like this place in all of my dining outs.
This is place was a nice break from the strip, we used a Groupon that was basically a 2-4-1 on their Prix Fixe dinner, ordered also a bottle of red wine and enjoyed everything about the place: service, entertainment, food and ambiance.
The best out of all the food was the beef skewer and the dessert, simply amazing.
I would go back if the deal came back, full price? Maybe not, not because of anything negative with the place it's just that Vegas has too many places to try. But I do recommend.
I brought my in-laws here for dinner. It was their very first time at a Moroccan restaurant. I could see their hesitation in coming as they are very accustomed to eating Chinese food every day. Low and behold-it was a GREAT experience. The belly dancer was beautiful and had great moves. She was the only one tonight, but captivated everyone in the room.

As for the food, I wish it was better. I honestly was a bit disappointed in the food. It's not my first time at a Moroccan restaurant and in the past have always been pleased with all the food. This time, however, was different. Although the food was good, it was nothing spectacular (it's my first time at this restaurant).

Ranking for good to bad (or not so great)-

Shrimp Scampi
Soup
Beef Kebab
B'Stilla
Hummus & Eggplant Dip
Chicken Couscous (where's the flavor? Forget to add salt?)

Not sure if I'd come back here. Perhaps that's just me comparing my previous experiences at other restaurants and this night. For those who haven't ever been to a Moroccan restaurant, it's definitely worth a go, as I believe everyone should try everything at least once. If you don't like it, then don't go back.

Check out my pics!
http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/las-vegas-marrakech-moroccan-restaurant.html
Had dinner there with our family the Wed night before Thanksgiving.  We felt bad for making a late reservation (8:45pm), but when we called they assured us it was no problem.  They were very accommodating as we had a late addition for a party of 9.

The waiters were nice.  Service was good.  The mojito wasn't that great, but the wine was good and reasonably priced.  

I've never had Moroccan before, but love Mediterranean food, so was optimistic.  The food at Marrakech was great.  We did the prefix and everything as really good.  Started with a soup, then hummus plate, then shrimp, a chicken dish, and desert.  There was way more food than needed, but they were nice about letting us take the leftovers home so as not to go to waste.  

They also had a belly dancer, which was pretty cool.  Although it was a bit uncomfortable as we didn't really know what the etiquette is for tipping.  We gave her a few singles, and she seems to appreciate it.  So hope we did the right thing.  

With food, wine, and tip it came out to be about $70 per person, which I think is reasonable.   Overall I'd definitely recommend Marrakech.  Good food and experience.
I came here yesterday with a guest, and while the service was great, the food wasn't as awesome as I would have hoped. The portion sizes were great. I just felt that the main dish (chicken and couscous) were not as flavorful as I would have hoped. 

Also, the dancers were only out about half of the time we were there. It would have been nice if there was entertainment the whole time.
This was definitely a fun and different dining experience. It wasn't the best atmosphere to catch up with friends since the music was so loud, but it was exciting and exotic. Every hour or so a belly dancer would come out and dance around the room which was fun. 

The restaurant itself is pretty small. The room was lined with small little table and stools. So I wouldn't really recommend it for very large groups. 

Food: We had to order their 6 course dinner and the only substitue we could have made was for vegetarian options. We had a party of 6 ppl and 4 portions was more than enough food to feed all of us. So pretty much you ate what they brought out and didn't have much choice, but luckily the food was pretty good. I would have to say that all the food was very flavorful and very fresh.

Overall: the dinners were a little pricey. I would say about $60 per couple. But the food was pretty memorable and scrumpous. 
Environment: a little too loud for my liking, but music and entertainment was nice.
I made a yelp account just to write this restaurant a review. If I could give them ZERO stars I would! My parents were going to Vegas for the first time to celebrate their 25th anniversary, and this is the first time they have gone on a trip together with just the two of them (having 4 kids makes it difficult for them to get away!) 

Well, I saw the great reviews for this restaurant and a groupon deal so I bought it as a gift for them. They showed up to the restaurant and the RUDE lady at the front told them that since they didn't have a reservation, they can't eat there, and that if they wanted to eat there they would have to come back ANOTHER DAY and that there were other restaurants in the area and that they should try something else. WHAT THE F WORD!??? My poor parents, who are not used to taking cabs (we live in the suburbs) asked if they could help call them a cab, and they said yeah we'll call someone but you're going to have to wait outside. THEY WOULDN'T EVEN LET MY PARENTS WAIT INSIDE FOR A CAB!! It's December, winter, and I double checked the website and did not see mandatory reservation required anywhere!!!! While they waited outside for 45 mins, people walking by looked and stared and no cab ever came. My dad had to go hail a cab outside in the main streets for them.

They decided to go to this restaurant on a weds night at 6:30, and were rudely turned away and after cabbing here from their hotel, had to cab back. My mom said she has never felt so lowly, degraded, and embarrassed before from this awful customer service and it was a horrible way to end their 25th anniversary. Really Marrakech... no room on a WEDNESDAY night to fit in 2 people?! And asking them to leave your restaurant? I will be writing the owner a letter. SO DISAPPOINTED!
This place was amazing! The atmosphere was nostalgic for those of you that like to travel! As soon as you enter the door it is as if you are walking into another country. The room is set up like you are in a tent with beautiful colors and decorations. The food was great! Everything that  they brought out was rich in flavor and design. There was also a belly dancer that engaged with the customers. It is a must for the bucket list of places to eat in Las Vegas!
What a strange evening. 

We took advantage of the 6 course meal. The first four dishes were amazing. They came out quickly and were quite tasty.  We had totally overlooked the fact that our waiter never smiled and had no personality.  We were having a great time. 

The meal started with some fresh baked bread.  The bread was great, even better when dipped into the fourth course, the hummus.  Naturally when the waiter came over to clear the hummus we told him to leave it. There was plenty of bread and hummus left for dipping. 

We were having a very nice time, laughing and enjoying the belly dancing. Then we started to notice that the food stopped coming.  It had been 20 minutes since the waiter stopped by. We joked: "maybe we should have let him take the hummus!". 

10 more minutes passed as we tried to get the waiter's attention. We finally decided to chug our waters so the water boy would come over. "He could get us our waiter," we thought...

We had now been waiting 40 minutes for the chicken to come.  The water boy came over almost immediatly as we finished chugging. We asked if he knew if our chicken was ever coming...He told us he'd go find out.

Shortly thereafter the waiter came over and said "oh, are you done with this?" referring to the hummus. We really would have continued to dip, but feared we would never see the chicken if we did. We let it go and a few moments later we got our bland chicken. 

The moral of the story: DON'T KEEP THE HUMMUS!
We spent the New Year's 2012 eve there. It WAS a unique dining experience alright - nevermore, thank you. Not fun. Not tasty. Disappointing in every respect.  
My husband is Moroccan. Naturally I had high expectations for the place knowing the taste of Moroccan cuisine. Trust me, the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing. How can you guys call yourself Moroccan restaurant when you cook the cous-cous without the basic ingredients?!?! The cous-cous we had was cooked without pumpkin, potato and chickpeas!! Only cabbage. Well, some slices of carrots, too. While It's the Traditional Moroccan dish! Unbelievable... 
Now for the dessert. Bastilla filed with chocolate and banana? Where did you get that recipe? It's a BAD mix of Moroccan and American tastes, if this is whet you were attempting to recreate. Hardly eatable... 
Now for the famous mint tea. We were not served that at all. Guess, they have decided that free champagne is a good substitute. Well, it was not. By the way, from the color of tea we saw being poured to a couple from another table, we can assume that it is not the best-tasting Moroccan tea either.     
As for the entertainment, the dancing lady was lovely! BUT if we had entered the restaurant 10 minutes later - we would have missed her completely. And that was the ONLY entertainment offered for the New Year's eve. Don't even want to mention the music screaming as loudly as it only could from the speakers above our ears. And it was some stupid pop songs, not even a hint to oriental tunes!! Or was it a special offer due to the New Year's eve? Another bad idea, gentlemen.  
The entourage is shocking at first as everyone are sitting in front of each other, in one large hall. But you get used to it, so OK for a change.  
All in all, we could NOT have been more disappointed by the restaurant. It by no means cost $140. The only reason why I asked the waited to pack the remains of our food to-go, was cuz I wanted to give the bastilla and the cous-cous another chance by eating them at home. It did not help...
Got my Group-on tonight @ Marrakech and it was worth every dime! It was a set menu and there was not one dish that came out that did not satisfy our tastebuds.The shrimp scampi was better than some Italian places in town. The entertainers were very good. Scantily dressed women belly dancing while you eat..NICE!! Loves the decor, it was like eating i a big tent. I will be returning soon..
I got the groupon. The food was great. I was way full and satisfied. The dancers were fun. The waiter was rude but I could overlook that because everything else was perfect.
4.5 stars really. 

I bought a $39 Groupon for this place which gave me a 6 course meal for 2. Reservations are highly recommended as this place is small and they get pretty busy. I loved how this place was covered in a tent. It really completed the experience. It was pretty warm inside too. 

After you are seated, someone comes by to help wash your hands because you'll be eating with your hands here. Hope you don't mind sharing cooties with your dinner guests! The 6 course meal includes:

Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi - Sauteed in lemon, wine and garlic 
It was a little difficult eating this with our hands because the shrimp was pretty hot. Quite delicious though! Very garlic flavored.

Harira Soup - Lentil, rice lemon and spices 
The bf didn't like this very much because it was on the slightly spicy side. I thought it was pretty good. I'm not a big fan of lentils but this was ok.

Marrakech Sampler - Hummus (Garbanzo/Tahini Dip)/Zaluk (Eggplant/Tomato Dip)/Moroccan style olives, cucumbers, beets & carrots 
This was my favorite dish! I love their hummus, very very fresh. The carrots were soooo tasty. What did they do to it?! More please!

Beef Brochette (Kabob) - Tender beef marinated & grilled to perfection 
Definitely grilled to perfection here! Yum, I wish they gave more though. We only got to kabob sticks. Goes great with the hummus too.

Royal moroccan Couscous Platter with Djaj (Chicken) - Served the traditional way, with heaps of assorted vegetables including butternut squash & cabbage 
This is the main course. Here you get a fork to eat with. I don't know how they seasoned the chicken but it was lovely. 

B'Stilla - classic Moroccan pastry stuffed with the fruits & nuts, topped with the heaps of powdered sugar, cinnamon and served with traditional mint tea 
This dessert is very sweet. I feel they put way too much powdered sugar on top. Too much for even 2 people to finish. We took this to go. Be warned, it get soggy quick. 

The belly dancer was very good. She encouraged people to dance with her and you can take pictures with her too. Also don't forget to tip her!
Loved it, had a great time!

The ambiance and the belly dancing were wonderful.

The food was great too. 

Definitely a fun place to spend an evening.
Go for the whole experience, and bring someone worthy of sharing it with you.  The food is very good - but the atmosphere is one of a kind.

  I've been to Marrakech twice now, not many restaurants have blown me away on first impression the way this place has.  You won't forget your first time here.  The second time, the magic wasn't quite there, however still good, so maybe its a place to go once for a date, but not necessarily often or repeatedly, especially considering the food selection is planned for you and it's always the same.

  FOOD:  The 6 course meal includes a shrimp scampi, a kind of lentil soup, a sampler including humus, dips, olives, and veggies, beef kabobs, a chicken platter, a Moroccan dessert, and hot tea to drink. (There is also an option for vegetarians)
  All of the food was pretty solid, the shrimp, beef, and humus sampler were my favorites, all 4/5's.  And although the food will not disappoint you, what's going on around you is where Marrakech really kills it...

  ATMOSPHERE:  It looks like you're eating in a tent, sitting on low comfortable couch seats, with interesting wall hangings around you, and loud middle-eastern music playing.  Warm, refreshing towels are  used to wash your hands.  A beautiful belly-dancer comes out and really puts on a show.  She made my date blush because we were trying to tip her but she wouldn't stop gyrating her hips, so she couldn't get the bills in her waste band.  Silverware is optional but they recommend you use your grubby little digits to feed your face.

  BOTTOM LINE:  The place is crazy authentic.  Admittedly I've never been to Morocco, so I wouldn't know.  Okay, so I've never eaten at another Moroccan restaurant.  Whatever.  The point is that this is what I would think is totally authentic, and it was really really really cool.  I recommend it highly to anyone out there who hasn't yet made this trip, you are totally missing out on a very unique and entertaining experience.

  NOTES:  On one occasion the owner was there and was genuinely concerned about what we thought.  It turned out we both grew up in NJ, so I totally Facebook added him.  He seems to check in there often.  Super, super nice guy.
  Also, as others have mentioned, there are Groupon discounts available from time to time, so grab that bad boy up if you see it selling.

5 out of 5 stars
I usually don't like writing reviews for places that already have a ton of reviews....unless it was just a horrible, horrible experience. But Yelp won't stop putting it in the corner of my home screen because I made a reservation through the link they provided. So, here we go. 

This place was a lot better than I expected. I've always heard it was a cool place with belly dancers, and of course, guys love it. I appreciate good dancers, but I always found it awkward when I'm eating my food for a girl to come up and shake her body around me. I actually got up and danced with her...the powerful influence of beer. Only one, might I add. Yes, I'm a lightweight. 

This is the course dinner they give you. 

-Lentil Soup & Bread - I normally do not like lentil soup, but theirs was made very well. 
-Shrimp Scampi - I don't know if this is really a Moroccan dish, but it was amazing.
-Hummus & Zaaluk- Both were okay, they give you pickled veggies to dip in it. 
-Beef Kabob - the meat was good, but not very tender. I wanted to eat the pineapple it  was served with more than the beef.
-Chicken Platter - It was served on top of cous cous and cabbage. The cous cous was my favorite part. The chicken was very tender and seemed stewed for quite some time. It reminded me a lot of Filipino adobo. I enjoyed this dish. 
-B'Stilla - this was a crisp pastry filled with the same ingredients as baklava. It was okay for me. I'm not very big into Baklava because I hate nuts in general.
- Mint Tea - They give you an entire pot of this hot tea. 

I think the service is good and you should usually come with a group of people. A lot of people like this place, and I can see why just for the atmosphere. It is good food, and they are quick to serve you. It is a lot of food, so go hungry. The prices are a little too much in my opinion, but this is close to the strip. It's hard to find a good deal with food that's worth the price they're charging. *ALWAYS make a reservation*
This is a quiet little gem on Paradise. I've been to its neighbor ,Firefly, a bazillion times and always wondered what lingered to the south. Now I know and this will be a must for out of town guests.

Bellydancers while binging on beef kabobs? Why not?

One of the most pleasant surprises involves rose water. The other tea.
I've frequented this establishment a few times and let me tell you, it's absolutely amazing. I love love love the food. I'm totally hooked!! I am actually going again this friday. Crazy, huh? No! I am just in love with great food. My awesome friend, Jennifer The Great, bought a couple of groupons and shared them with me, and ever since then, I've been in love with this place. I'd never tried Moroccan food, this was my first time, and I'm so glad she introduced us. The service is exceptional to say the least. The staff is so friendly and genuine. I love the dim lighting, the atmosphere, and of course, the entertainment. I would recommend this place to anyone. PS The shrimp is the die for!!!!!
This is an amazing restaurant. From the ambiance to the service, from the food to dancing - it truly has it all. I recommend both locals and tourist make this a "must-see." You wont be disappointed. 
After washing your hands in warm rose water, prepare to dive into a five course meal that will tantalize your senses. And if you have a chance in between bites, make sure you take notice of the beautiful belly dancers that perform throughout the night. You may even find yourself performing right along with them! 
Its truly a great time for the whole family. I am SO glad I found this place.
4 stars for the food and ambience, 3 stars for the service.

We were seated after 15 minutes of just standing there and the waiters ignoring us, when we had a reservation and there were plenty of available seats.

When we were finally seated, we waited another 20 minutes for a waiter to give us some water and bread. We came all the way from OC for this restaurant and you want us to just sit here forever?

The food finally arrives, and man, it was all good. Especially eating with your hands. And eating delicious food with your hands. I most especially love the beef kabobs. They were the most tender pieces of meat I have ever sunk my teeth into. It was like biting into a dream. Lol. I thought they were the main course! But there's more food! We were full by then and had to run to watch a show on the strip so we had to go... Regrettably. If not for the show, we would have stayed to keep watching the lovely and amazing belly dancer, and maybe tried some hookah. Or just lounge there and enjoy the ambiance and the dessert. 

We wish we could've been served better, though. We have a Groupon deal for four but they would only serve us food for two. It's like paying regular price when we could have taken the other food home and wallowed in the dreaminess of the tender beef. It was unfair! Just because our friends couldn't make it. And they made us wait forever. Anyway, I had a lot of fun an it was definitely a good experience. :)
Most of the food was neither Moroccan nor particularly tasty. This was a complete waste of time, money and diet calories. What a tourist trap!

Cons
- $40 for this food was way too expensive. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind spending money. But, this was unjustified given the quality
- Water to wash  your hands with was cold
- Course 1: Moroccan style shrimp scampi - this wasn't bad. But, if I wanted a dish that tasted like any other shrimp scampi, I would've gone to Olive Garden
- Course 2: Harira: tastes exactly like Indian lentil soup. The Moroccan version has less tomato and more lemon, not to mention less spice
- Course 3: Marrakech sampler - The hummous and the Zaluk tasted like they came from grocery stores. The Olives, cucumbers, beets & carrots are clearly canned
- Dessert: tasted like banana nutella crepes. It was hard not to snort all the powdered sugar
- Couscous: wasn't bad, but didn't even have the basic moroccan flavors you'd see at decent moroccan places
- Wine: nothing much to write home about. Overpriced though.


Pros
- Kabobs were good
- Ambience and belly dancer were a saving grace
Let me just preface this review by stating why I'm giving it only three stars.  Our waiter told one of girls in our party to "shhshhh".  Totally rude because the response was unwarranted.  I understand that Middle Eastern/Persian/Moroccan people have a different culture, especially towards women but, we're in Vegas damn it.  And when you are a server working for tips, you are not to be dismissive.  There were other things during the course of our six course meal that he did/responded to in less than attractive/rude ways.  It's ashamed because the other bus boys/hand washers were polite and diligent.  

We start off the cocktails, who would've guessed? LOL!  Liqour-wise they're stocked but, wine-wise it's pretty much all house.  

One of the highlights of the night was the hand washing.  A guy came out with a kettle of warm rose water to cleanse our hands.  Loved it!  My hands were so soft afterwards.

Shortly after, the first course comes out.  Shrimp, looked like shrimp scampi.  I don't eat stuff that has lived in the water, yuck.  Squiggly goo, blah.  Everyone else seemed to like it though.  

Next was the harira or, lentil soup.  AOK.  Definitely a tomato/vegetable based broth. Not too spicy, not too bland, just okay.  

Third course, Hummers and eggs.  More like hummus, eggplant dip, fresh vegetables, and fresh bread.  The hummus was okay.  The eggplant dip, okay.  It sort of had a bitter salsa taste to it, quite unique.  The bread was good and soothed the bitterness from the dip.  I don't eat veggies, LOL.

"Where's the beef?"  Guess what, beef skewers were our fourth course.  I bet you weren't anticipating that.  For presentation purposes, the skewers were stabbed into a fresh pineapple and had about four or five large bites of beef (assuming sirloin) on them.  They were tender, juicy, smokey, and were really good. 

Cockadoodle Doo was our fifth course.  This was pretty good as well.  Not good enough to go back to Marrakech but, good enough to order it from another Moroccan restaurant.  I could tell the chicken was either slowly stewed or slow cooked in a juicy sauce for many hours.  To get the flavor they attained, the chicken was obviously bone-in.  So beware when chewing because it's dark in there.  This dish also came with couscous.  The couscous tasted as though it was simmered in chicken broth (yum) and had a near perfect texture.

Course number sex. jdofa;je;wajfewioj! Six.  I don't know what the heck you call the dessert bread they served but it had fruits, nuts, and lots of powdered sugar on top.  Tasty but we were all so full by then.  Along with the dessert came the my second favorite thing of the night.  The mint tea.  It looked like battery acid but, it had this heavenly scent and flavor.  I need to find out how to make this and where to buy the ingredients!!!!  I could drink this battery acid-looking stuff everyday!

Hey guys and some girls, there's belly dancers that shake what their momma gave them there nightly.  

As mentioned previously, it's dark in there (remember the cockadoodle doo course).  In fact, when you walk through the front doors you immediately walk through large red drapes and, from there it feels like you are magically transformed into something Aladdin may have dined at back in his day.  The restaurant as a whole, is small for Vegas standards, though the dining room is one large room--predominantly red, with appropriate Moroccan decor.  Tables are very low to the ground and replicate a Moroccan dining experience.  With that, don't expect to have a lot of privacy from other parties.

This was a new experience for most of our party.  It was fun but, our waiter was rude.  Hopefully, you don't get him.  Otherwise, foodwise, ambiance, entertainment, and price I would've rated it four stars.  Our prix fixe meal was a mere $40ish per person.
Food, service, atmosphere......all fabulous!
I've been driving by this place for years, and after a Groupon popped up offering two-for-one on the Six-Course Prix Fixe menu, I knew it was time to give it a go!

Walking into the restaurant was a surprise itself! This place is located in a strip mall off of Paradise, nothing too exciting...yet the interior is absolutely beautiful. Decorations cover the walls, low tables are in the room, fabric drapes from the ceiling with lanterns dangling as well. The room is lit very dimly as well...this is an ideal place for a date, albeit a costly one.

The night started with a Moroccan hand-washing ceremony, where the server poured a jug of rose water over Dana and I's hands. It was a neat little touch, and the water left our hands smelling great and feeling clean :)

I'll list the courses in order and talk about each...

1) Sauteed Mushrooms w/ Wine, Oil and Garlic Sauce - We opted to substitute this for the Shrimp Scampi as Dana and I don't eat shrimp. The sauce was tasty, although super garlic-ey. Dana thought the mushrooms weren't cooked enough, and to be fair, they didn't look like they had been sauteed at all. We used an entire loaf of the sesame bread they give you at the table just eating the garlic sauce.

2) Harira Soup - This soup was excellent, and tasted more or less like Tomato soup. It had a nice flavor and was served extremely hot.

3) Marrakech Sampler - This plate included Hummus, Zaaluck (Tomato/Eggplant dip), Olives and Carrots. Neither of us like Hummus, so we skipped out, but I thought the Zaaluck was extremely tasty. Dana thought the marinated carrots were alright, but neither of us found the olives very tasty.

4) Beef Brochette - This dish consisted of two beef kabobs that were stabbed into the side of a pineapple. The meat was extremely tasty and included some roasted onions and peppers. I had thought the meat would be much more seasoned and found it somewhat less tasteful than I would have liked, but it was still wonderful.

5) Couscous Platter w/ Chicken - This dish was a pretty big platter and included some cabbage and other veggies mixed in with the Couscous and Chicken. They also gave us an extra container full of chicken broth to add to our food for more flavor. The chicken was amazing. It feel right off of the bone and nearly melted in our mouths. The couscous was cooked perfectly and even the cabbage tasted great as the flavor of the dish overall rubbed into it. 

6) B'Stilla - This was the dessert item, and neither Dana or myself particularly enjoyed it. It's a pastry stuffed with fruits and nuts and topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. The mint tea that came with it was AWESOME though.

I also must say that this restaurant has great entertainment in the belly dancing. I've seen many belly dancers, and normally they're not particularly attractive, but the one at Marrakech is gorgeous AND very talented. She had people getting up and dancing with her in the middle of the restaurant, which made for much laughter. 

Overall, this place is worth at least one visit. I wouldn't have gone before simply because $40 per person is a little more than I'd be willing to pay for this. The atmosphere is truly incomparable and the service was wonderful.
This place is awesome. The ambience, the food, the service was all really great. Barely waited to get seated. 

We got the prix fixe as part of a Groupon. Would definitely recommend and think it's worth the normal price as well. Everything we had was pretty good, especially the meat dishes. The only thing I didnt think was THAT great was the soup. 

I was a bit upset that we didnt get the mint tea in the end, but other than that, I would definitely come again.
I absolutely love this place! I have been coming here since I was about 10 years old. The owner is awesome and attractive:). The ambience is great, and the food is traditional and always delicious. The food is a little pricy, but for a six course meal, belly dancers, and one of the only Moroccan restaurants I know of, I think it's pretty reasonable. If you decide to eat here, you must have an open mind. You eat Moroccan style with your hands, the seats are low to the ground, and the restaurant is designed to look like a tent upon entering. The cornish game hen (not chicken as it has been referred to in numerous posts) is one of the best dishes. However, it is the 5th course, so make sure you leave enough room to try it!
TERRIBLE service policies. If you have a groupon, I would get your money back from groupon & purchase something else. I've had terrible experiences on 2 occasions(i walked out the first time and was forced to go the 2nd time)simply because management wants to be difficult. Rather than satisfying and building a loyal customer, they would rather screw their customers out of their money.  I guess it makes sense since I imagine no right minded person would go back a 2nd time, so they may as well get what they can on your first visit. Charging a party of 3 the price of a party of 4 makes no sense. At min. I should have received the 4th meal to go or been served posrtions for 4 people...not just get robbed of $43. If your not going to follow your fine print on Gift certs, then you shouldn't have it. 

The food was just Okay... I have definitely had better like food for a the same price or even less. 

I absolutely will not go back to this place. They are not accommodating whatsoever and apparently on the verge of shutting down if they are so desperate for an extra $43 dollars that they are willing to not obey their own policies and sacrifice the customer experience.
A girlfriend of mine took me here for my Birthday.  I'm so glad she did.  The seven course meal was excellent. The atmosphere was great and so was the belly dancer!
Came here with a few friends last night for the start to a bachelor party.  I'd wanted to check it out for a while because of the belly.... I mean the favorable food reviews that it gets here on Yelp and for the promise of hips, er, dips, skewers of meat, and bread that I'd read about here.  

First things first, we were greeted warmly upon entry and seated.  The seating structure took me by surprise a little as we were right next to another group that seemed a little too close for my usual standards of comfort.  In a restaurant the further I'm seated away from the next table generally the better I feel.  Anti social behavior FTW!  Luckily another friend took the spot closest to the next table, and I breathed a sigh of relief.  The handwashing ceremony was nice, even though my friends and I made fools of ourselves trying to figure out exactly how to participate.

We each decided to try some different specialty cocktails from the menu during the meal, and personally I found them too sweet for the most part and therefore disappointing.  At $10 a pop I expected a little more out of them, but I should have known to just stick with what I tend to like.  That's what I get for being adventurous in my libations  

We each did the 6 course prix fixe meal.  The following is the 130th recap of all 6 of those that exists here:

1)  Shrimp Scampi - I liked this a lot.  The shrimp tasted fresh and there were plenty to be shared between all of us.   Accompanying it was a huge plate of fresh bread that tasted great dipped in the Scampi sauce or with the shrimp on it

2)  Lentil soup - Decent, nothing I would order again a la carte.  It was tomato based which is not normally my preference

3)  Hummus and eggplant dip - I love hummus and this wasn't my favorite I've had by any means but I enjoyed it still.   I dont really like veggies so I'm disregarding that there were some on this plate

4)  MEAT ON A STICK.  Beef skewers sticking out of a pineapple.   I don't have to get it to know that these were delicious.   For the 4th plate in a row, bread was not spared and in fact we asked for a 2nd plate of it to be brought out during this.   Moral of story:  bread goes with damn near everything in life

5)  Chicken with couscous.   I liked this more than the rest of my party I think.  I tend to like anything that consists of a grain like substance mixed in with various meat and veggies.  I also got a giant chunk of chicken skin in with one of the bites which would have only been more delicious if it was fried.  Bread used with this?   You betcha.

Prior to the 6th plate being brought out, we got some hot tea that they pour from like 3 stories up high into a small cup.   Showoffs.   Once it cooled down, I thought it was very nice.

6)  Some chocolate/banana pastry dish.   I rarely order dessert on my own, but when it's placed in front of me I'm like a moth to a flame.   Tastes exactly as it sounds, which is a good thing.   No bread used for the first time in the night.

I shouldn't eat carbs again for a month.

When it was all said and done, I enjoyed the meal a lot.   I didn't dislike any of the six dishes and highly enjoyed 4 of the 6 plus the tea and bread.

Service was fine, though there was a weird moment in the beginning when the waiter asked if we had any allergies, and I told him I was lactose intolerant.  I'm not sure if his face expressed more confusion or annoyance but I believe he made a comment to the effect of "We don't use lactose"   My entire party thought this was what he said, which I just found completely bizarre, and I'd bet the Scampi and dessert both had some sort of butter or milk involved in the preparation.   I brought lactaid so it wasnt a big deal, but I guess I didn't really understand the interaction.  Nothing worth docking any stars.

I'd be remiss to not mention the dancers, both of whom I thought were very entertaining and not intrusive if you didn't want them to be.  Unless you're a stick in the mud it'd be hard to not enjoy yourself here on at least that level of watching them interact with the crowd.  

Great experience overall.
This restaurant is in a strip mall and much smaller than their photos depict.  The decor is worn but gives you the feeling you are at an intimate party in a Moroccan tent.  

The food tasted amazing.  My very picky boyfriend even like most of the dishes.  Very exotic dishes and atmosphere.  Worth the trip off the strip.
I've celebrated many birthdays (mine and family members') here and I've never had a bad experience with the food or service.  Good food (6-course meal for a reasonable price) and belly dancing, what more could you ask for?

I love the interior - it's like you're in a tent.  So cozy.  Your dinner starts by washing your hands in fragrant rose water.  From the prix fixe menu you get shrimp scampi with bread, harira soup (lentil), hummus with veggies and olives, beef kabobs,  cornish hen with couscous and b'stilla with mint tea.

They have about 3 belly dancers per night.  The best one is the brunette with long wavy hair (Aradia is her name) - she's the one on their business card and she can do things with her belly I did not imagine could be possible!  She can make beads hanging from her outfit on her upper stomach shake/vibrate.  And I'm like, "how'd you do that???"

I recommend making reservations as they tend to get pretty busy especially on weekends.  Be prepared to belly dance.  If you're really tall, your back and knees might hurt as seats are pretty low.  Get ready for a fun night!
This review is beyond overdue, but I wanted to write it anyway. This is an AMAZING place. My husband and I got married in Vegas, and this is where we had our reception. The price was more than reasonable for what we got. In addition, Ali did some extra things for us when it came to getting some specific beers etc. If we did it all over again, I would have done the reception exactly as it was. We have wonderful memories of our special day!

I truly hope we get back here again. I also recommend anyone looking into this wonderful place for a reception or a party. You really can't go wrong!!
simply amazing! there's no other way to describe it!
The staff including the belly dancers were very friendly. Food was very tasty. We had originally drove to the Japanese place next door but the cool Arabian atmosphere won us over.
I was just here last night for my best friend's rather tame bachelor party. We made a pretty late reservation. Everyone had amazing service from everyone at the restaurant. The belly dancer was very good.  She interacted with everyone at the table.  We didn't even realize that she accepted tips at first, she still performed for us even though we were the only ones left in the restaurant. The waiters we very cool and friendly.  One of them had a few tricks up his sleeves when tea was served. 

Now as for the food. Amazing, for both the vegetarians and meat eaters alike! I've been craving everything all day. Maybe I'll return with my wife very soon.
I organized a group of 21 people for a Night Circus-themed birthday party. The reservation process was a cinch, and the entire staff (but especially Abdul) were incredibly patient with our highly disorganized group. 

The setting itself is warm and felt very intimate--it was like we had the place to ourselves, even though we were a small fraction of the actual space. The dancers were good and all too happy to let us dance with them. The noise level was not too loud for us to talk freely. 

They accommodated a range of dietary needs (vegetarians, gluten-free, etc) with grace, and called us 5 cabs when we were ready to go. I would definitely recommend Marrakech for a large group and/or festive event. I looked at a LOT of places before deciding on Marrakech, and it's a decision I'd happily make again!
Wonderfully Old-School where they wash your hands with rosewater and everything is served family-style in 6 courses with bread and your fingers as the primary utensils for the first 4.  Everything was really good but the pickled carrots, shrimp, baba ganoush, hummus, and the desert were real standouts.  The belly dancer really WAS a belly dancer!  She had a great energy about her and was a lot of fun.  The music was a TOTAL trip:  traditional middle eastern music sung in Arabic AND French, with reggae sung in French as well.  (O.K. The reggae in French was damned strange to listen to but it speaks to the various colonial cultural influences that shaped Morocco over the last 100+ years.)  They open up the Hookah bar at 10 PM so that is always an option after dinner as well.  When I come back in a few months with my wife this will be one of the must-go places for us.

WARNING:  The Prix Fixe menu is really meant for AT LEAST 2 people.  It was only $39.95 but would have fed 2 VERY hungry people easily!  I only managed to eat 4/6 dishes by myself last night and then had the last 2 for breakfast this morning!  ;-P
Highly recommend this place. Intimate, exotic, with good food and great service. They took care of our 19 person group with grace and aplomb, despite our musical chairs-like mingling and special dietary needs. Family style food was generous in portions and really good. It's ambiance is warm and romantic without being cloying or claustrophobic. The belly dancers add great entertainment and atmosphere and are never obnoxious or in the way of conversation and enjoyment of the evening. Great for big groups or small.
The food, service and entertainment were all great here. The seating is very uncomfortable but it is all part of the atmosphere. I think this place was a great deal too at 40.00 each.
Wow. As I perused the reviews of this place, I was surprised to see so many 4 and 5 star reviews. While I really liked the ambience of the place (reminds me of Babouch in San Pedro, CA), the food was just average. I can say this because, yes, I've been to Morocco and had authentic food (cooked at a home, not a restaurant).

For what we paid per person--some 50.00 w/o alcohol--the place is seriously overpriced. Although you do get several courses, the main dishes (chicken, cous cous) are not properly seasoned and the chicken is not the best quality cut. Probably the best part of the meal was the dessert, which was way too big for three people. 

The bellydancers were fine. We tipped and even got a friend in a picture. He thought the place was great (he lives in Utah) so I guess if at least one of us was satisfied, the night wasn't a total loss. 

But I would never return here again. If you're looking for an "experience", give it a try. However, if your entourage is particular about food quality, you may want to think twice, especially since they do not serve a la carte (at least the night we were there they didn't).
Every time I'm in Vegas with people who are new, I always want to take them to Marrakech...and for me who is a decidedly indecisive person, a fixed menu is perfect. 

Basics, dimly lit, good for groups (make a reservation...this is good too because there's plenty of food to go around), loud (esp every 30 min when the belly dancing starts up). You will definitely be propositioned at least once during the meal to dance with the belly dancer, and hey! why not? :) You're in Vegas and what happens here stays here right?

I would come here just for the experience, takes about 2 hours. And if not for the experience, for the DESSERT! Gooey, hot amalgamation of bananas, chocolate and slivered almonds wrapped in phyllo dough, baked up to a flaky moon of perfection and covered with a heaping helping of powdered sugar and cocoa powder.

TIP: come hungry, bring friends, don't eat everything that you see since you probably want to save room for the rest of the meal.

Gluten Free: also, came with a friend who was allergic to gluten. They asked at the beginning of the meal and make entirely separate dishes to make it gluten free. That's an automatic plus one star for me. Sadly the dessert I mentioned above was cold and chunky since phyllo dough was out of the question so it was not baked, but otherwise still tasty.
Had a wonderful time there! Will go again.
Bring your appetite!  This was our first time.  We had reservations for four and were promptly seated upon arrival.  No waiting and the place was packed.  Food was very good and plentiful.  Even with four we couldn't finish everything.  The service, however, could be improved.  Our server was very perfunctory.  Just the basics and really didn't say much else.  We advised that one in our party was a vegetarian but they promptly forgot.  When the first meat course came we had to remind them.  Then, when the main course came, they forgot again.  We didn't ask again since our vegetarian was already full.  That being said, we still enjoyed the evening.  We'll go back.  Hopefully the service issue was a one time thing.
Wow!!  Love how there are No menu ..set course Meal...Food Is Great .. Belly Dancers for entertainment. Great for First Date...:) 

Love the ambiance, BUT
Many Many years ago, they had Pillows all Around to sit on or lay back and was very Cozy & Very relax,   but now they have mini chair ; dont like  ..:( 

Over all Great Place!!
A very cool experience!

We had the six course dinner, and although pricey, it was very good. They were extremely careful about my allergy and even brought me my own plate for the salad and bread since the hummus had sesame in it, and the homemade bread had sesame.

Loved the eggplant stuff, whatever it was, and the belly dancers were really fascinating to watch!
We loved the place.  The location is in a strip mall and so you're not sure what it's going to be like.  Parking lot was full so we parked in the back lot.  It's surprisingly close to the strip.  

The food was soooo good.  the Lentil soup was amazing.  It was seasoned so well.  The hummus was just ok but having the fresh cucumber and carrots with it was nice (vs. pita bread).  The shrimp dish was my favorite.  Absolutely delicious.  I could have eaten that all night.  Then the final course, the chicken w/ the couscous was good but shrimp was better.  Ask for the hot sauce.  It's soooo good.  

I had a bite of the dessert which was good and the tea they give you is even better.  I'm normally not a fan of tea but it was really yummy.

For the price of the food and the entertainment and the vibe, I thought it was a wonderful experience.  It's something different from all the fancy steak houses on the strip.  We loved it and I would totally go back.
We had my sister's bachelorette dinner here.  They were very accommodating and made the evening for all the ladies very special.  The prices were reasonable considering you get five course.  Each course was delicious and even the pickiest of palettes in our group enjoyed them.  We really came here for the ambiance.  I mean how can you not like beautiful belly dancers dancing for you.  We had an absolute ball!  I can't wait to go back during my next visit.
This was the "real deal" genuine Moroccan experience. How do I know? Because I went with a Moroccan! He even commented that the MUSIC was authentic. It's really a great experience, very very cool vibe. They have a belly dancer every so often and everything is done "family style" if you choose. They even come around in the beginning and you wash your hands at the table. Great ambiance, great service and great food. I mean, what else can I say?
Wow, I don't know if I ever ranked a place this low. But I feel it is important to note the quality of service and food you'll receive here.

We began our night hoping for a reservation across the parking lot. When they were full we Yelped and found Marrakech right here so we gave it a shot. We were with a large group of 10 and were sat pretty quickly, about 15 minutes which was nice compared to the hour plus wait we left to come here. 

The music was very loud and we requested it to be at a more realistic level so we could talk during their 5-6 course meal. It would have been strange to sit there that long and not be able to talk at all. Every 45 minutes or so they had a belly dancing show with even louder music, which is fine since it's not too often and made for the experience overall.

It took a while (15 to get our initial drinks) where we ordered wines. Even longer yet to receive any food such as apatizers or bread. We acctually had to ask to receive something after another 20 minutes of receiving our drinks. 

The first place received was breads, humus, olives, etc. which was fine and the last quality food brought out. I won't go into the details of each dish to follow only to say for the expense we were not happy at all. 

The wait staff was pleasant but very slow and lacked understanding of the level of sound and need to communicate ones there.

The place is neat looking inside and the concept is fun. Just won't be returning since food and service is too important.
Fun. But needs mire dancers
What a class act!!!  Took a big family group to dinner in March.  The food was great.  Big portions, and good value. The dancers are very talented, and made the nephews in our group blush.  

My bad:  when I got home, I found that I had double tipped them, as I didn't notice (in the dark room) that the gratuity was included in the bill.  I was lazy, and did nothing to follow up with the restaurant.  Just got my visa bill.  They took the double tip off without even being asked.  Wow.  NEVER had that happen before.
Fun place, food is awesome, but the Entertainment is what really amazing!  a must if you're in Vegas!
In town with some Vegas rookies and took them to Marrakech for a starter point for the rest of the night.  As when the last time we were there, it was a good time.  The food was tasty, drinks were Vegas, and the belly dancers rocked! The wife danced, our guest danced, and i belly danced.  Next time I'm taking those tips.
One of the best parts of our trip. We were a party of 8 and were treated like royalty. The food was incredible and the portions were huge.  We are really happy we tried and had a fabulous time.
Decent food, decent service.
We had a fun evening took a 9 year old and 18 year old for their first taste of Moroccan food which they both enjoyed.   The food and service was impeccable and atmosphere very nice.   I have been to  a Moroccan restaurant before and I think the food was a bit more exotic or cultural.  The food was excellent but I think the dinner selections that were chosen were "safe" for people trying Moroccan food for the first time verses authentic.    When I've had Moroccan food previously some of our party found it quite a change for their palettes this time less so,  more mainstream or safe for those picky eaters.   That worked good for the kids.   I would've like a more cultural experience where I felt I was trying something new.  However it was great anyway.
Belly Dancing, is an art and it like any art, it should be practiced by few who have toiled and tormented to perfect the art and more importantly should have the right curves-meaning not too thin, mean or lean. You can find the above description, at the Marrakesh, which has been a fixture on Paradise rd., when other eateries have come and gone at this good central location for both tourists and local alike.

There is nothing more enticing and enjoying than watching beautiful belly dancers and eating lamb kebab under the spell of red wine. This place is not only a sight for sore eyes but a delight for you palate. The best days are Friday and Saturday nights, when the belly dancers are practicing Turkish Navel Manueavers !

As far as I know there is no other Moroccan place in Las Vegas. The  food which is a six course meal is authentic with subtle spicing and the lamb kebabs (kebab is Persian fantasy, that spread to Turkey and the Balkan countries like Greece etc) is just the most delicious perfect morsel of meat  I have ever eaten (the only other place is Mad Greek Cafe on Sahara and Durango)  You are seated in a Moroccan tent on divans, cross legged and relaxed with not a worry in the world .The wine will take you into a state of fantasy of being a Sheek  with your own harem! . 

I like  this place....I really really like this place-if I can borrow  little elation from Sally Fields-at the Oscars.
Who knew they had a traditional style Moroccan restaurant hidden outside the sparkly strips of Vegas?

Welcome to Marrakech.

For just $40 you receive a traditional six course meal that leaves you absolutely stuffed while watching beautiful belly dancers mesmerize you with their vibrating hips. Seriously, what muscles do these girls have that I don't?! Sugar honey iced tea.

So I'm going to give you a disclaimer for the meal that I wish had been there for me to see when I had dined there this Saturday: do NOT have a 6 course meal if you plan on going clubbing later that evening. Just don't do it. Why? Well, after 6 delicious courses you will have no other desire but to curl up into a ball and slip into the inevitable food coma. Nothing else. No really, nothing else. 

That being said, the fare at Marrakech was heavenly. Here's a detailed course by course recap of our FEAST:

1st Course - Moroccan Style Shrimp Scampi (sauteed in lemon, wine and garlic): I could not get enough of this dish. We were given two plates of shrimp for the four of us and it was such a great serving. I could not get enough of the sauce and kept dipping my bread in it to munch on. I knew I  was a goner once half of my loaf was already in my belly at after this course.

2nd Course - Harira Soup (lentil, rice, lemon and spices): I usually dislike lentils but I really enjoyed their version of this dish. The flavor of the lentils did not overpower the other flavors and I really appreciated the tomato-lemon essence. True it was probably 90 something degrees outside but I really did enjoy that hot cup of soup!

3rd Course - Moroccan Sampler (hummus, zaaluk, Moroccan style olives, beets & carrots): Wow that was definitely homemade hummus. Wonderfully fresh with a hint of smokiness. We were given even MORE bread at this point (i.e. warm pita) to mop this up with. The zaaluk (eggplant tomato dip) was to die for as well.

4th Course - Beef Brochette (marinated beef kabobs): Beef skewers served on a whole pineapple. Unfortunately I dropped two pieces of my kabob like a child but I really enjoyed my meat. It was a tad chewy but great seasoning.

**Please note that by this course you should make sure that you have car arrangements figured out once you receive this entree otherwise you might be screwed FYI.**

5th Course - Royal Moroccan Couscous Platter with Chicken (served the traditional way with heaps of vegetables including squash and cabbage): At this point we were totally dying. I think I had 4 bites of this dish and had to call it quits from fear of exploding. The chicken was tender and literally fell off the bone and the couscous were fluffy perfection. Our poor waiter thought we didn't like the food but we reassured him that we did. 

6th Course - B'Stilla (classic pastry filled with bananas, walnuts and chocolate covered with powdered sugar served with Moroccan mint tea): Basically this was a warm, flaky puff pastry filled with all of the above. 

The voluptuous belly dancers entertained us about every half hour during our meal which was a great distraction from our constant noshing.


Overall Marakech was a fantastic and AFFORDABLE dining experience in Las Vegas. Now I will reiterate that the food was great.. but the reason why this restaurant received 5 stars instead of 4 was because the amazing owner drove me and the rest of our party to the Palms after waiting outside his restaurant for an hour for a cab. He took pity on us and offered us the ride since we were sweet (unlike the other see you next Tuesdays that were also outside). What a gentleman! 

Plus, he's hot. Great combo ladies.
We enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere.   The menu was preset and the food was very flavorful and very home made tasting.   The belly dancer was very good and the service was excellent.   I think with the preset menu you may lose some of the ethnicity of the food as it must appeal to everyone.   Overall very good.
We had an awesome time here for our anniversary.  I booked the restaurant about a month ahead of time in order to make sure we could get in.  I had heard from a couple of friends that Marrakech was not to be missed, and they were right.  Marrakech Moroccan Restaurant was everything they had mentioned plus more!

I have never been to Morocco, but I imagine that Marrakech gives a good representation of the cuisine in that country.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated with tapestries, inlaid tables, low to the ground couches, and gorgeous belly dancers!!  They encourage you to eat with your fingers which is the traditional Moroccan way (although silverware is available if requested).  I have absolutely no problem with eating with my hands cause that is the traditional Filipino way also!  Before partaking of the six course meal, they wash your hands with rose water.

The six course meal is the same menu for everyone.  With the exception being a vegetarian menu for those who request it.  All of the courses tasted very good.  Starting from course #1 which was shrimp scampi all the way to course #6 which was the dessert.  The dessert is a Moroccan pastry called b'stilla.  It is a yummy concotion of chocolate, banana, & nuts all inside the pastry.  It was a perfect end to the meal.  

The entertainment was the highlight of the evening at the restaurant.  Those belly dancers are fabulous.  They came out to dance twice during our time there.  Of course, I had to entertain the patrons also.  They had me do my belly dancing with them as well.  I must say that they put me to shame, but I got a loud applause (at least I think the applause was for me).  My wife loved my dancing, and I got to burn off some calories which is always a good thing!!  

I highly recommend that you visit here if you're in Las Vegas.  The location is not far from the Strip.  The ambiance, service, and entertainment are top notch and worth 5 stars.  The six course meal is 4.5 stars and costs $40 per person.  I could not quite give them 5 stars for the food because I'm just not a real big couscous fan.  Although, my wife really enjoyed it.  Our time at Marrakech was truly a memorable and wonderful experience.  

I do have one suggestion, though.  It would be terrific if they would offer a couple of other options for their prixe-fixe menu.  I'd love to taste other Morrocan delicacies on our next visit.  With that being said, just go here and check them out for yourself!  If not for the scrumptious food, then for the beautiful belly dancers!!
Went here for my friends birthday a few months ago . Absolutely love the food , the lentil soup is my favorite
Impressed! Company party so we had the 6-course meal and it was delicious!! 
No utensils and we had a blast!!
Enjoyed the belly dancer and the music set the tone in a good way. 
A must!!
Great food! Excellent value, ambience! Belly dancers are fantastic! More than a dinner, this is a memorable event for anyone who enjoys a relaxing experience!
Fantastic food and cultural experience. Fixed menu limits the frequency of visits, but definitely a place to take out-of-town guests to show them something a little different. I would fully recommend this place to anyone!
A really REALLY unique experience.

The place is $35-$40 per person, preset menu. It's a 7 course menu.

From the outside the building doesn't look like much, but inside, WOW. It's like you're inside a genie lamp

This restaurant is more of a one time type of deal I felt.

I would definitely recommend, but I don't think i'll go back here on a regular basis. To show friends from out of town this is great, but on a regular basis, I just don't know.

That said, everything about the place was great. Food was good, service was great, belly dancers provided some entertainment.

Would definitely recommend!
TL;DR - Overpriced and underspiced.

Cons: Not worth $40 for dinner. Maybe $30, but still pushing it for me.The soup was clearly from a can - tasted like cheap Campbell's vegetable soup to me, no flavor, had that tin taste. Bread was okay, nothing special, clearly purchased from a factory. Everything was underspiced and a little bland, which sucks because one of the things I love (and expect!) about food from this region is the flavor. The red wine I had was good, but not $11/glass good. Maybe $6.

Pros: kebabs were yummy, put a couple drops of lemon juice on them for a different flavor. Can't go wrong with hummus and cucumbers. The shrimp (though a bit tough) had a nice sauce. Dessert was yummy and went well with coffee (they give you mint tea, but ask for the coffee instead). Chicken was pretty good. Large portions, my party of 3 had plenty of food to go around. Decor was lovely and the dancing girls were a crowd pleaser. Service was spot on.

I think this was once a nice restaurant experience with authentic food, but management was losing money or wanted to make more money so they cut corners with the food. Typical, but sad. Marrakesh, make a fresh soup and your own bread. Stop outsourcing. Add a little love and flavor into the food. You're not doing yourselves any favors by Americanizing your menu. Sure, you advertise and get the tourists... but what about the locals like myself who would make it a regular thing if you had better food? Do you want someone to spend money once or many times?

Until they get their kitchen in order and their chef in line, I won't be back.
WOO i dont know from where to start .
i enjoy so much with my faimly and the food was Perfect.
great service and best Restaurant in town.
Ok I'm going to put this out there.  I haven't been to Marrakech for a while, but I feel they deserve a review.

I loved the one time I was out.  I'm a student of Arab Dance myself, and went with another dancer friend of mine.

We had a blast.  

The food was delicious, and Aradia was dancing that night...she is a local treasure.  Second generation dancer, who has been dancing at Marrakech for years and years...she blew us away.

I'd love to come back out again, sometime in the near future...I'm actually thinking about maybe coming for my birthday in March.  

Love Marrakech!
5 stars for the food.

Outstanding Moroccan food. Each dish in our set course for our large group was delicious all the way to the puff pasty dessert.

The belly dancer is entertaining, but she scolded me when I took a picture of her. I guess you are supposed to tip to take a picture. Oh sorry, maybe you should put up a sign. That or maybe just be nice instead.
Excellent food, an excellent service... This place is very nice and clean, food is so fresh and tasty...one of my favorite spots in Vegas... :)
This place is quite the experience.....  it's a pre-fixed menu with 6 courses.  The food is different but delicious and the atmosphere is super fun.  The belly dancing is impressive.  
I was a little overwhelmed by the prices on the menu- and I think they would do more business if they gave more choices on the menu.  I would frequent more if it wasn't so expensive.  This restaurant is an exciting experience- even if you go only once a year.
Went here with my gf & had a good time. The owner likes to get involved with the customers to make sure they are enjoying themselves. The ambiance makes you forget that you are in Vegas. The food & entertainment go hand & hand. Overall, a great date night! Ty
Great ambience & service.   The rose water smelled beautifully & the food was amazing.
When we drove up were weren't quite sure what to expect as the restaurant is situated in a small unassuming strip mall.  Once we walked inside any hesitations we had were whisked away.  The decor is great, the food absolutely delicious and the dancing very entertaining.  The best evening meal we had while in Vegas!  

If you looking for something unique and away from the casinos this is the place!
Great experience and the atmosphere was fantastic. Pace yourself! The dishes just keep on coming.
Awesome! If you want to try something fun and different I highly recommend it. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star instead of 5 is that I think it is a little overpriced. But other than that, great food (6 course meal), friendly staff that worked with my wife to provide a vegetarian option. They even have belly dancers starting at 6ish about every hour. Will be going back.
I came here with my company~ I fell for their pure pressure when I initially didn't plan to join them after work. That force got me hooked. :)

It's a prefix menu of 6 courses.. I think. I was quite tipsy ^^  I don't know what each plate consist of but it all taste pretty darn amazing. Each plate is so unique in taste.. like, it's crazy. lol.. never knew taste like that existed! Same time we are being entertained with a gorgeous belly dancer who comes out to dance all around every 30 mins or so. Bonus stars to that. 


I'll be back. Definitely great for groups.
A little out of my price range but between the belly dancer and great food it's well worth my money ! Very calm relaxing vibe with a authentic twist you can't find in Vegas any more !
I booked Marrakech for my husband and his friend's mutual birthdays. There were 8 of us. The service was outstanding! We had the 6 course pre fixe meal.  Everything was delicious, but the hummus was the best I've ever had. The belly dancers were beautiful and mesmerizing. The authentic Moroccan tent atmosphere was comfortable and perfectly lit - for either a romantic dinner or a party.  Also, each of the birthday boys got a cake and a song. You have to be prepared for the bill at the end, though - especially if you're drinking!  

To the staff at Marrakech: Thank you for a very memorable experience and packing up a special meal for me!!  Sorry we broke a glass :)
This place was on my husband's Vegas bucket list.  As locals, there are places you want to try or things you want to do, but regular life gets in the way.

So, for his 40th birthday, I decided to treat him to this experience on Friday night.  

The decor (which I never comment on) was amazing.  While we were eating our dessert and chillin' a bit, we really had a chance to look around and the place is just so interesting and beautiful to look at.

We started our meals with beer (him) and a mojito for me.  The Marrehech mojito is no joke, by the way.  I probably should not have had the second one, but it was so tasty.

The prefix menu is a crazy amount of food.  A couple of recommendations.  First, eat a baby size lunch that day before going in.  When you get the first course of shrimp scampi, despite the deliciousness of the homemade bread, stop yourself from completely gobbling it all down.  You have a long way to go and if you go too hard at the beginning courses, the main course will arrive and you will have no room!

The shrimp was perfectly cooked.  Well seasoned and a good texture.  The second course of the veggies with the hummus was good.  The hummus was the best part.  The soup had a nice kick to it, but I am not a huge fan of rice in my soup, so I just didn't eat the rice.

The steak was amazing.  But all of this left me to look at the chicken and couscous with sadness.  I knew that if I had a bite of the chicken that the dessert would be unattainable.  Therefore, I determined that the chicken and couscous would have to come home with me (which made an amazing breakfast).  The dessert was this interesting pastry with bananas and hazelnut inside with cinnamon on top.  It was seriously good, but the jasmine mint tea was the finishing touch to the meal.  I stole the hubby's and finished his off, too.

The belly dancers were talented.  I got a cute pic of the hubby with the dancer.

Thanks for a great night!  We would love to return with friends.
The food is decent but overpriced which I don't expect off the strip.  The kabob is delicious but everything else was just okay.  They start out with bread and shrimp scampi and recommend dipping the bread in the butter.  Well, careful with that because we filled up on bread was busting full by end of dinner.  They bring one couse at a time so it's hard to gauge how much you should eat of each course.  Perhaps several courses at a time will be better.  Belly dancers were entertaining and service was good.
Very good food but music is too LOUD to have conversation with others - bring earplugs
Growing up in a moroccan household, this restaurant makes me feel like im visiting my family. Everything from the food to the atmosphere is simply amazing. This restaurant NEVER disappoints! Dont think twice - you'll love it!
If you're a fan of Moroccan food and belly dancing, make Marrakech one of your Las Vegas destinations. It's a great place for large groups or an intimate table for two, as long as you're looking for a truly entertaining evening of food, drinks, music and fun.

So why only three stars? For me, there's nothing wrong with a solid three star rating. Start with one of their mojitos, but be sure to stir it and don't sip from the straw at first. I did, and got a huge sugar blast. Easily fixed, and I had two more during our six course feast.

While Marrakech makes every effort to accommodate gluten free diners, some of the dining experience is lessened by having to use a fork instead of what looked to be amazingly tasty bread. My colleagues, who are not GF, confirmed the bread was quite delicious. The couscous too. Half the fun of this style of dining is the whole communal vibe, so having separate plates and altered courses is a little isolating. 

The courses themselves are all fine, but don't fill up on the shrimp and hummus. Make sure to save room for the chicken and the dessert. Mine had to be served cold, sans pastry shell, but I thoroughly enjoyed it along with the excellent mint tea.

The only thing missing from the Marrakech experience is a hookah lounge, but our excellent belly dancer provided stellar entertainment, along with the raucous patrons on hand that evening. Don't be shy, get up off your feet and dance! What happens in Vegas...
This place is amazing!!! Great little date night spot. Atmosphere is authentic, food is delish and service is on point... Love all the little touches that this restaurant does, esp the rose water!! See you soon!
My husband and I flew in from LA to have dinner last night. I  Love, Love, Love to food and the atmosphere! The shrimp scampi is AWESOME and the chicken was so tender, juicy, and absolutely flavorful. I will be making another trip to Vegas really soon ;)!!
Went here Thursday night before a concert. We did the six course feast. It's definetly  a feast!! By Course three I was stuffed!! Don't eat too much bread. And the desert is absolutely delicious too!!! My favorite was the mint tea at the end. I was so stuffed I could hardly move, but after a few cups of this delicious tea I was feeling much better!! Thinking about having my work holiday party here this year!
I love Moroccan food. 
I was buying flowers, and this place was in the same strip mall.
Their dishes are very traditional; shish kabob, Mediterranean salads, felafel, etc., and they're all fine.
However, their hummus tasted like it was store bought.
The prices were in line.
I've seen the belly-dancer once, and she was competent.
The decor was very nice, and the service was good.
I'd never had Moroccan food before, so I figured I'd give it a try. When first walking into the restaurant, it feels like you've travelled to another world. It looks like you're in a giant tent. The menu is already pre selected, but they have options for vegetarians. They have amazing service and bring you a ton of food (I believe there was six courses). The cost is $45 a person, but the atmosphere is great, the service is excellent, the way they bring each course out separately gives you time to enjoy the meal as well as conversation with your party (you definitely don't feel rushed), and what's even cooler is they have a bellydancer performing as you eat. She was very talented, beautiful, and entertaining. I'll definitely be coming back again in the future.
it doesn't matter which location you go to, but both paymon's are great off strip places to eat and smoke out!!! ha..ha..ha.  this was probably one of the first places to offer a hookah lounge in the vegas area.  thank, goodness!!!  the hookah lounge is great place to chill out at.  it 's decorated beautifully (if you are into the middle eastern theme), but it's a bit dark,  and the music can be loud at times.  so if you are looking for an intimate date place, the loud music may interfere.  the food here is yummy!!!  for appetizer's i recommend the flaming saganaki (Kefalotyri cheese lit on fire w/some rum and sprinkled w/fresh lemon juice).   I also like the baba ganosh (eggplant blended w/tahini, garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice)  as far as entrees, i always order either the  pastitsio ( a casserole filled w/ground beef, pasta, tomato, and cheese) or moussaka (a casserole of sliced eggplant, onions, potato, and ground beef).  i'm always too full to eat dessert, but i finish my dinner off with some dark rich sweetened turkish coffee....
.
I am not a smoker, but an occasional hookah is always fun with friends. The Hookah Lounge attached to Paymon's is THE hookah lounge in town. It is right next to UNLV which proved convenient for my study buddies and I when we needed a break from our rigorous study nights (ha ha). The dcor is fitting of a Mediterranean theme, and I especially enjoy the collection of small shoes hung about the room. There is so much to look, one could lose track of time inside. The windows are blacked out, and warm colors fill the room to add to the time distortion. There are about eight tables and two big booths for your hookah party. The best part is that they serve food from the restaurant side. A small bar is located toward the back, and one of their rinks was featured on $40 a Day with Rachael Ray. I can't remember the name, but it is tropical and sweet, and if you asked, I'm sure they would know which one you were talking about. It pairs nicely with a fruity hookah too. The Hookah Lounge is small and cozy and always a good time.

Recommended Hookah flavor: Mango Jasmine Mint

Recommended drink: A mojito. For sure.
I'm not a hookah-girl, but that room that they've got at the Sahara location is absolutely beautiful.

Here's what I have to say about Paymon's-- the food is excellent.  My favorite thing to get is a Greek salad and add on the salmon.  They make a light, but flavorful house dressing, just the right amount of cheese, and plenty of veggies.  It's definitely enough to fill you for a whole meal, or to share with a friend while you also order a round of their great appetizers (like hummus, grape leaves, etc).  

It's also a good starter place if you are new to Mediterranean and Greek fare as the staff is generally knowledgeable, and the menus are pretty comprehensive. 

It's a great place to eat for a casual date or lunch meeting.
My Favorite Restaurant in Las Vegas. The quality and taste if the food is excellent. It is also and excellent value, you don't need to pay a fortune to eat good in Las Vegas. A good variety of food especially if your party is a mix of vegetarians and carnivores. It is miles off the strip and parking is easy. For non-smokers, don't be turned off by the Hookah Lounge in the name. The Hookah Lounge is in a separate room and the ventilation is excellent. The smoke isn't even objectionable in the smokers lounge.
We had my sister's 30th birthday here with a dinner for about 30 friends.  The service was exceedingly slow.  I think they only had one waiter working each table, which was a mistake.  The food itself was competent, but nothing to rave about.  I got the chicken parmigiana, and also tasted a greek lasagne type dish.  I am willing to go again, and mark the poor service down to a large group poorly managed.
Great place for a late night snack or meeting out for drinks!

I've been quite a few times and always eat in the hookah lounge - you can't beat the comfortable ambiance!  I'm quite addicted to hummus, and theirs is fabulous!   They also make pretty decent specialty drinks.

This place is also great for take-out, but its a bit on the pricey side, yet it gets outweighed when you dine there.
Hookah lounge so good. One time they ordered too many chicken wings and had a special rotisserie-cooked wings. They were so good. I don't even eat chicken ... 

The food is decent. I can't imagine its too authentic. The seasoned fries are great, though. 

The apps are a nice accompaniment to the smokes. A bowl is ~$15 and a refill is like ~$8 I think. They have a variety of flavors. I remember when the whole no smoking where food is served thing was around. Paymon's complied for a sec, but then reverted back. 

Sometimes we get picky about how hot the coal is or how the shisha is burning, but the smoke boy comes around and makes it all better. 

The drinks are okay-priced. If you ask for a water, they'll give you a tiny Fiji for like $5. I think the food prices are reasonable, though. Get the app combo platter (classy, huh?) for $11 to feed a non-ravenous group of three. Baklava and rice pudding are vera nice. 

On the weekends, the lounge fills up. I've seen the restaurant side get busy, but not packed. The lounge is open late, but not late enough. 1a every night. 

The lounge is lowkey and chill. Its perfect for the nights you want to get out of the house, but not deal with the crowds or yelling over loud music. Sometimes they play Middle Eastern jams. Sometimes its like club electronica. 

* off the strip, non-casino
Being a fan of Paymon's other location on Maryland Pkwy, I wasn't too fond of this one...here are my issues with the place:

1. Too Americanized. Although decor is very nice and seemingly authentic, there is a touch of fakeness and not authenticity about it all; The waitresses are always recomending the more "Americanized" dishes and knew very little of the more traditional Mediterranean dishes the few times that I dined here. 

2. They started offering pasta! dishes!!! What travesty offering run of the mill spaghetti in a Hookah lounge and Mideterranean place, let's focus on the cuisine at hand!!!

3. Kataifi, my favorite desert is gone!!!

I still enjoyed my Fatoush salad and Baklava desert, and teas were certainly good, but food is still far from what it is at the Maryland location. It seems like the owners are trying to capitalize by abandoning more traditional fair and offering more "poplar with the masses" fair. I was not impressed and won't come to this location of Paymon's again, unless I am really pressed to find no other dining establishment (not likely).
everything was delicious!

came with 2 others and we shared the shrimp, artichoke, cheese dip with parmesan crisps, the combination platter and the kabob trio.

so effin good! the combination platter came with falafels, hummus, babaganoush, athen's fries, rice stuffed grape leaves (forgot what they were called), and other dips. soo yummy!

then the trio came with lamb, ground beef, and chicken skewers, and came with this white saffron rice and this other orange colored rice which was so bomb! the meat was cooked perfect medium rare and the chicken skewers were sooo moist! not dry at all.

i will totally come back here again. and fyi the hooka lounge is 21 and up. i figured this out because a bunch of high schoolers walked to the hooka lounge, then walked out all pissed because they couldn't get in. haha.
I first discovered Paymon's before I moved to Vegas.  I had read an article that said they unequivocally had the best fries in Las Vegas.  I rushed out and picked up an order of fries to go and wasn't disappointed.

When I moved to Vegas, Paymon's was the first restaurant I ate at.  It was absolutely delicious and has a wide variety of menu offerings.  I love the freshly wrapped grape leaves.  The chilled leaves have just the right amount of citrus and are firm.  

The lentil soup is savory and well balanced.  The soup itself can be very filling as a light meal.

The Athens fries.  Where do I start?  These fries are always served hot and thick.  They aren't too starchy and are coated with Paymon's proprietary spice blend.  They are served with a delicious sauce.

The spanikopita portion is huge.  The phyllo is flaky and the filling is rich and creamy.

The salmon tandoori comes complete with a huge mound of rice.  The salmon is plump and tender, cut into large cubes.  The tangy seasoning is great and well balanced.

Personally, I opt for the combination platter.  It is a little taste of everything, from falafel, fries, babaganoush, tabouli, bourrani an hummus.  It is served with fresh pita.

Oh, and one of my friends would kill me if I didn't mention the Chicken Fesenjen.  He says it is killer.
Visited Paymon's for the first time this past weekend for my Dad's 50th birthday. I was a bit leery when we walked in, it was not very busy. The hostess seated us right away and a friendly waiter got us our drinks. 
Started with a Magic Carpet, my stepmom got a vanilla type of martini. Martini was kind of gross, but mine was delish (redbull, vodka, and chambord. Simple enough.) We had the combination as an appetizer, comes with falaffel, tabouli, baba ganoush, hummus, and bouranni and stuffed grape leaves which I always avoid at all costs. My homemade tabouli is much tastier, but the rest was very very good. This was all new to my Dad and he was impressed. Dad got chicken fesenjan, which he swore was amazing, as a vegetarian I refused to taste it, so all I can say is my Dad is a total meat and potatoes guy, and he was about to lick that damn plate. Hubby had meatball sandwich, not really sure why they serve Italian here! I got the eggplant panini and was not impressed, a bit bland, just a plain mushy sandwich. But the FRIES... omg YUM they really are great!! We finished up with some tirimasu, heavy on the rum, just the way we like it, and some sort of dessert martini which they added dark chocolate to at my request. All of the food was good, not super amazing, and I should have avoided the Italian and enjoyed Meditteranean. I would go back, great atmosphere! We had my kids and sadly could not enjoy the hookah, but the lounge smelled divine when we passed by it!
No longer my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The two previous years we were in LV on a business trip this was one of our favorites. This year the food seemed "tired." I have heard people on "Top Chef" talking about putting "heart" into their cooking. This time Paymon's food had no heart, it seemed like it was phoned in. Also the service was so-so. Therefore my review is down from 5 stars. I don't mean you should stay away, especially when you most everything you can spend money on in Las Vegas is a rip off. I did not feel ripped off this year, just disappointed. See my review on the Himalayan restaurant on Flamingo for our new favorite/good buy restaurant.
I'm a repeat customer of Paymon's, therefore I'm leaning toward 4 stars. Realistically, probably more 3.5 but let's not split hairs.

The hostess was fantastic as soon as we walked in. She was friendly and alerted us to a nice booth that was just opening up, instead of just sticking us at any table.

Our waiter was very familiar with all the dishes and recommended his favorites, as well as commented on the wines we were considering.

Noticed that they have a 1/2 portion menu for a limited time that includes some of their huge portion items (like the Spanakopita).

This evening we opted for the small Indian section of the menu (I know, Indian at a Mediterranean restaurant??)  The Chicken Tandoori was very tender and the Mango Chutney dipping sauce superb.  The portion was perfect also. The Chicken Curry dish was excellent, although I would have preferred more chicken. That was my only knock on the meal, although for the price I wouldn't say it's a deal breaker.

The atmosphere is quite nice. And for the hookah smokers out there, the lounge is a great stop.

All in all, Paymon's is a great off-strip stop and I will be back.
MEAT FILLED DOLMAS. MEAT FILLED DOLMAS.MEAT FILLED DOLMAS.

JEWISH FUCKING CHRISTMAS!

Hummus was great. MEAT FILLED DOLMAS!!!! were great. Athens fries were great. Greek salad with gyro meat was great.

DISCO LEMONADE HOOKAH!!!! was great. Mango-Melon hookah was great.

This place is just neato! I will surely be a repeat patron here, especially since it's 10 minutes from my house. GET THE MEAT FILLED DOLMAS!!!!
Nothing but great fun, delicious food, yummy specialty drinks and AWESOME hookah here!!! You can't go wrong with Paymon's!!! 
Happy Hour In the Lounge daily from 5-7pm but on Tuesdays it's Happy Hour from 5pm-1am!!! That means drinks, some appetizers, and all hookahs are half off!!!!! The ambiance is always cozy, lights are low, with great house music. There are tons of original hookah recipes to try, even alcohol-infused hookahs like the 25 to Life or the Southern Belle.

Some of my favorites hookahs:
*One Night Stand
*Southern Belle
*Beautiful Disaster 
*North Shore
*GWB "Great White Buffalo"
*Caribbean Dream
*The Sangria
*The Criminal
*Applejax
*French Toast
*The Mau5
and more!   

Favorite Specialty Drinks:
*The Grape Gatsby
*Pink Grapefruit Martini
*Lychee Martini
*Caramel Apple Martini
*Desert Sunset
*Tangerine Mojito
*Arabian Night 
*Pear-sian Drop Martini

Favorite Foods:
*Chicken Curry
*Steak Kabob (med rare)
*Moussaka
*Saganaki (flaming cheese)
*Gyro Pita
*Chicken Pesto Panini
*Farfalle
*Bruschette Salad
*Wings

Favorite Desserts:
*Greek Rice Pudding
*Tiramisu

This is the ORIGINAL and BEST hookah lounge in Las Vegas and I love working there!
Hookah and hookah service is definitely 5 stars
Food is what brings it down just half a star, maybe...
I love Paymon's for hookah and their snacks...even the chicken fingers are yummy. They also have some mango flavored drink which is delicious and brings a big smile to my face.

Finally ate a gyro sandwich (i think you have to say yee-ro but I'm never sure and therefore feel silly every time I order one) and this is what took it from 5 to 4 stars. I have had way better! And more authentic! 
 Other than that small disappointment I know I will be back. And not ordering a gyro.
This is one of my fave places in town.  I LOVE the food, and the menu is large and diverse.  I usually get the appetizer sampler, a variety of middle-eastern mezze that is the BOMB!  Definitely try to go during happy hour tho -- half price drinks and hookah.  Otherwise it can get pretty expensive!
There's one waitress in the hookah lounge here who constantly looks like she's trying to keep up...even on slow nights like Monday. 
So disappointing cuz I love the fact that this place is close to home. But when I mutter obscenities to her under my breath that I know I can't re-type on yelp it's bad news. 

Last couple times I have been less than amazed with the hookah in general-seems like the bowls are packed really tight or something, just gets harsh faster. 
I will continue to return and hope that maybe these last couple times have been flukes.
Had dinner here Monday night. Started off with an appetizer sampler, this was really good. The fries were a little stale, but as soon as we mentioned it out came a fresh batch. Let me tell you, these are by far the best fries I've have in Nevada. for dinner I had  Had the Lamb, Chicken and Beef Kabobs. Huge portions, I ended up boxing most of it up. Will def come back when I come through the neighborhood again.
When my wife and I first moved to Vegas in 2007, this was a place we fell in love with and frequented often. The food is excellent along with the atmosphere. We had a pre-New Years Eve party here in 2007 and all of our friends loved the place as well. The last time we were here was in the summer of 2009.

The curry is to die for and they will make the food super spicy if you ask. The outdoor area is great in the summer and inside the restaurant area is nice, though can be a little tight, so not a place you want to talk about anything too personal, though a great place to eat. The Hookah area is great, and while my wife isn't a smoker, she loved their jasmine and vanilla flavored tobacco.

Downside, you can't smoke a regular cigarette inside, though who would need too since you have a flavored hookah in front of you?
On a split decision place to go for happy hour, my fiance and I went to try out Paymon's. It was an excellent choice. The drinks are heavenly and being a bartender myself, that is a huge compliment. The happy hour prices are great and the appetizer quite delicious. We will definitely be going back soon.
So my lady and I came in for happy hour on a Monday evening with no expectations whatsoever.  We entered the lounge area where all the smoking takes place.  We're not smokers, but were pleasantly surprised with the subtle aroma of the few smokers in the vicinity.  I'd characterize it as a cross between pipe tobacco and light, fruity incense.

Anyways, we enjoyed a number of the half-off appetizers and cocktails.  The appetizers were great.  We had the stuffed grape leaves (filled with a well-seasoned ground beef), the pesto pita pizza with mushrooms, the falafel and the chicken fingers dipped in a phenomenal buffalo sauce.  Each one was better than expected.  The drinks were also very good and we walked out with the perfect buzz.  I'd recommend the Lychee martini for a strong, yet tasty after-work drink.  

The atmosphere was very serene and unique for the Vegas scene.  It was hard to imagine that we were in the heart of Summerlin while sitting on a wraparound couch and surrounded with dimmed, colored lighting and interesting, yet well-themed artwork.  

We were there for an hour and had a great time.  There is no doubt we will be back.
I can't say that the rating I am leaving is for the food alone, we had a UYE here tonight and had a pretty good time. A few rounds of drinks, some great Athens fries, some stuffed grape leaves and a plate of calamari later...What else can you ask for. Hmmm the mad hatter, that's what. The local hookah master took good care of us refilling our hashish right when we needed it. We went from mint to the mad hatter and I have to say, The Mad Hatter takes the cake. 

Tonight was the happy hour in the hookah lounge and it makes it very very affordable, the decor was done well, the light is kept low and the music is turned up as the night goes on. The place has a slight clubbish vibe when it comes to the music and the atmosphere which was nice. The music was loud but not obnoxious, we could still carry on a conversation without screaming. From looking at the regular menu I can see that the food may be a little pricey when not on happy hour but this is now a Tuesday happy hour favorite for me.
As most know the UYE was held at Paymon's last night.  Before Ray, Matt, Misti & hubby, and My T graced me with their presence I was politely offered a booth by the hostess and given menus by our waitress Jazz.  Jazz was polite and got the mint hookah off and rolling.  As I eagerly awaited the entrance of my fellow Yelpers, Paymon came around to all the tables to greet his guest.

I spoke to Paymon for about five minutes explaining to him my admiration for his first lounge that I frequent on Maryland & Flamingo.  I also told him I was impressed being my first visit at his newest establishment.  Paymon couldn't be a more pleasant host/owner to talk to.  He even was able to include a nice family story about his business journey before he departed for the evening.  To me that is what small business is all about; loving what you do.

I digressed my fellow Yelpers, after the event last night I can tell we are on the brink of bringing Las Vegas to the forefront of the Yelp world.  The conversation between everyone at the event last night was genuine and varied in subject matter.  I had just been introduced to everyone for the first time and I felt the same as the conversations I have with my close friends.

I know this review is for Paymon's and Ray pretty much established my feelings of the food and hookah last night in his review.  I feel it's important for you all to know that the Vegas Yelp community awesome! I hope you all decide to take part, because its going to be fun!
As always, I enjoyed the fries. This is my second trip to this one and I had the Steak kebab which was nice but not exceptional. The fries completely make this a late night snack place for me though.
Last time I had the unlimited pasta and that was great value - BTW there is nothing wrong with having a side of their Athens fries as an appetizer before pasta!
Let me just start out by saying that I must return to purchase their seasoning for the Athens Fries!
I was just here on friday, and Their pita is delicious, our server was friendly and helpful!
I got the eggplant parmesan. I Liked the Penne a lot, but it was a lot of food for me. I'd maybe have preferred half the amount of penne and has salad instead, but the eggplant parmesan was SO GOOOOOD!!
I really enjoy the atmosphere too.
Got a chance to head back up to Paymon's last night for a few drinks with some coworkers.  Returning after a little over a month ago Paymon's was just as I remember.  The vibe last night was relaxing and our hookah expert immediately brought out the special mix to complement our drinks and Athens fries.  Overall, the service last night was a little on the slow side, however, the food, drinks, and hookah were all on point and my fellow coworkers found a new place to hangout at.
I enjoyed this place. I came here with my family and extended family who live out in the Vegas area. It was good. I had the saganaki appetizer and mozzarella sticks which were both excellent. I like the Italian/Mediterranean theme they have going on. I ordered the gyro platter for dinner and thought it was delicious. I wish I wasnt with family because I wouldve loved to go into the hookah lounge and smoke. I ordered a side of their anthens fries, and they were really bomb
Hummmm... Falafel pita sandwich with seasoned fries! 

Great place for both vegetarian and meat eater's, The food is good, the place is cute with a good atmosphere, the menu is pretty big, the staff is nice and they have a fun Hookah lounge.

Most of the vegetarian items can be made vegan and every time I have been there the food was tasty. 

It's also a great spot to go for Happy Hours with friends.
After seeing so many coupons we decided to give it a try.

I had the gyros salad and my husband had a gyros pita sandwich there.

Portion sizes are overly generous and flavourful however I would say this isn't the best mediterranean food I've ever had (that is reserved for La Shish in Dearborn, MI which is now closed - they made fresh mini pitas served with roasted garlic puree - to die for!). 

The pita bread is ok but not great. Same goes with the fries. The salad was ok but very cumbersome to eat - the gyros meat was also stone cold.

Overall, this was an okay experience - nothing too bad, but not so great either.
Paymon's (on Sahara) has gone from being a "treat" to more of a stand-by neighborhood restaurant, as my wife and 2 kids (10 & 7) enjoy ethnic and different places to eat.  And, what used to look like a pretty daunting restaurant (I mean, with the Hookah Lounge tag on the name and the rather imposing storefront), has become like a coffee shop or diner for us...and that's mostly a good thing.

I like the huge menu, and the ability to pick from Italian, Persian, Greek, and Indian (albeit only 3 choices) selections.  On Wednesdays, it's 25% off your entire tab, a great value!  Not being subscribers of local papers and always tossing out the ad-paks that come in the mail, I haven't seen all the 'coupons' mentioned by others.  So what about the food?

Decent job of the Chicken Curry - and the spice-to-taste option is great.  My 10-yr old enjoys it mild; I love it spiced to the max!  She wishes they put potatoes in the curry, but with the wonderful rice-bed that the curry sits on, I think she can live without the potatoes.  Maybe some veggies (besides the cursory onions) would make it a little more interesting, but hey, this isn't the Red Velvet Vegan Cafe (just down the street a bit).

Paymon's Greek platters are also good - Gyros platter, Baked Kibbe platter, etc.  I wish the Kibbe wasn't quite as "moist", and retained more of the beef texture, but it's still quite good.  I think the Athens Fries is a bit overrated - a little too salty for my taste.  I also enjoy the Fesenjan (Chicken breast cuts in a slightly tart/sweet yummy pomengranate sauce), but it wasn't to my wife's liking.  Your experience will very much vary depending on how you take to the specific spices used in each dish, so ask the server to elaborate.

The service is good, almost family-like, unless they are packed.  Then, a certain level of panic seems to set in, and it becomes hard to flag down your server.  Funny - I still like restaurants where the person who took your order is the same person who brings your food.  Sometime about 10 years ago, I think most "big box restaurants" adopted a serving method where someone more junior and less experienced than the person who took your order always brings out the food...and you lose the chance to question the food at the moment it arrives.  That is definitely a pet peeve of mine...especially when your original server who heard your specific requests doesn't come around until at least 5-10 minutes after another person has dropped the plates of food in front of you!  Annoying!  BUT...this doesn't happen at Paymon's!

Portions are large enough that I don't recall having room for dessert yet at Paymon's.  All in all, Paymon's is a handy restaurant to have close by.  They stay open to 11 pm every night, so no rushing down by 8 pm to try and make it.  Since our family has no interest in the Hookah Lounge, we don't even see the area to the left of the entrance.  The atmosphere inside is a slightly cheesy cross between Istanbul and the Taj Mahal, but it's not overbearing, and kind of grows on you.  Those who tend to always be cold should bring a sweater...unless you're going to be eating the extra-spiced version of the Chicken Curry!
Good all around restaurant.  Great service.  Good eats.  I recommend the following the "Chicken Marsala", "Lasagna", and the "Koobideh Ground beef kabobs".
I have always heard rave reviews about Paymon's and finally decided to give it a shot.

I decided to try their Athens fries, since everyone has always recommended them. I must say, they lived up to the hype! 

I love Mediterranean food and their gyros are definitely a must try. I can't remember the name of the gyro, but it had eggplant in it. Yummy!

The customer service is fantastic. I also love the decor and atmosphere the restaurant gives off.

I will definitely come back. Paymon's has won me over! :)
Although this is my first review for Paymon's, I have dined and lunched in several times and it's always a 5 stars especially with the Chicken Tandoori and Chicken Curry. However, I am on a veggie cleanse and after eating all the veggie dishes last night with a friend....it is as good as it gets! 

Paymon's is definitely a very good restaurant with a wide range of variety of dishes that a meat carnivore and veggie delight eater can both enjoy! 

As veggie delight eaters, we ordered the following:

STUFFED GRAPE LEAVES
Served cold as Paymon's Greek version of Dolmas consists of young, tender, grape leaves, stuffed with rice and flavorful herbs. Served with delicious Tzatziki sauce.

ATHENS FRIES
As it says on the menu, these fries are highly addictive and indeed they are! Addiction derives from their house seasoned fries accompanied by a delicious creamy dipping. Nevertheless, I like to dip mine with their special bottled hot sauce.

HUMMUS
One of my favorite delectable dip! Puree of chickpeas, Tahini, fresh garlic, olive oil and fresh lemon juice. 

BABA GANOSH
The name speaks for it self, it sounds like a hot Greek man riding on a white horse down the white sands of Greece....but it is a scrumptious mixture of seasoned, baked eggplant, blended with Tahini, fresh garlic, Olive oil and fresh lemon juice.

TABULI SALAD
What a fresh Mediterranean classic of a salad! Tabuli salad is combined with chopped parsley, bulgur wheat, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and fresh mint leaves. Tossed with their house seasonings, extra virgin Olive oil and fresh lemon juice.  I know I know...it has gluten in it, but it's already hard to be gluten free so I ate it anyway! This salad is delicious!!

EGGPLANT PARMESAN
This Fresh Eggplant coated with Italian bread crumbs, layered with roasted whole garlic, Marinara sauce and topped with Mozzarella cheese was sooooo gooood!!!  It even came with Barilla penne pasta Marinara which made the dish so huge and plenty of left overs.

I heart Paymon's!!
Full disclosure: Sentimental favorite. We went to the original on Maryland Parkway when my wife and I were dating 15 years ago. It was a treat for us poor college kids. When we vacation in Vegas once a year or so, Paymon's is always a must do. 

The fried calamari appetizer is well done. Nothing to rave about, but it's good. The real draw, for us, is:

The "gyros in pita" is awesome. Lots of meat, plenty of veg, and a wonderful tzatziki sauce. Always pair it with Athens fries. 

Overall, the food here is fresh and clean, with nice Med flavors. There's something here for everyone, including vegetarians and carnivores. This place is just solid: Never had a bad experience here in over 15 years!
I heard really good things about this place for a long time. So I decided to take a friend there for  lunch.  I ordered the kabob platter which was very bland.  My friend ordered a gyro but when the order came out it was a chicken gyro. When she pointed out the mistake the waiter took it back with apologies.  Totally forgiveable. But a moment later you could loudly here the kitchen staff arguing with the waiter about the mistake.  The waiter then very quickly returned with the correct order.  The service was very good untill the end of the meal when I  wanted the check.  The waiter was nowhere to be found. I had to ask the bus boy for the check witch the host brought to the table.  I was a very disappointing experience after all the great things I have heard.  I'm hoping it was just a bad day. I will give this place one more shot but it may  be a while before I return.
This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean Restaurant. My Mom and sister come here to eat healthy... they get soup with salad and some tea while I absolutely crave their Athens Fries and Rice Pudding. I never even liked rice pudding until I had it here.

My favorite dish is the chicken curry but I swap it out occasionally and it's always good.  This place is never packed so you can always get in and the service has always been really good with no issues.
After visiting various hookah bars since the ripe old age of 18 I can definitely say that Paymon's is by far the best I've been to.

The decor is awesome, Mediterranean themed with a very relaxed atmosphere. The comfy bench seating and throw pillows always make me feel at home. The only think I don't like is the tables and chairs made for little people. I am 5'10" and the boyfriend is 6'5" so when we go with a group of friends it is always a bit cramped. However, when it's just me and him we spread out comfortably. 

The hookahs are always smooth and tasty, at $15 each it doesn't get any better. I have tried hookahs at bars and clubs in town and they were no where near Paymon's standards and are usually double the price! 

The food is pretty good as well, I am not much into Mediterranean food except maybe hummus. The pesto hummus at Paymon's is delicious! You cannot go wrong with their "Athens Fries", the spices that they use to season the fries are out of this world! The drinks are so/so every specialty drink I have had has been overpowering or not the right flavor combinations so I stick to beer or pellegrino most of the time.

The service is hit or miss, sometimes it is excellent and other times we are waiting 45 min for a hookah or 30 min for drink refills. I guess it depends on who serves you. 

Paymon's happy hour is one of the best in town with $7.50 hookahs and half off drinks and appetizers. Tuesdays are locals nights where happy hour goes from 5pm-1am, just make sure you get there early since the place fills up fast!
This place is pretty awesome.  Me and my girlfriend ate here for our 11 months (aww how cute), and it was a fantastic night.  I had the Curry Chicken, she had the Chicken Kabob thingys with humus.  We split an order of the Athens Fries (I got the reference for the fries from other reviewers. They were pretty awesome) and got a bottle of wine.  The food was delicious, the wine was perfect for the food, and we had leftovers to take back to enjoy later. After dinner we went to the adjoining room and got a spot to smoke some hookah.  2 friends joined us to smoke and we all sat around talked and had some drinks also.  The dirty martini with Belvidere vodka was probably the best one Ive ever had from anywhere.  The atmosphere in there was awesome, the music never got annoying, and we had a great time.  The only thing I would change about this place is I would keep it open later than 1am.  I wish they had a place like this in Long Beach. Maybe Ill open one like it someday.
I've been here twice. Once several years ago and most recently, a few days ago for a friend's birthday. On the advice of said friend, I ordered the Fesenjan. I'm usually really into pomegranate concoctions, so I was sold as soon as I read the description. To be honest, I enjoyed it thoroughly, but it was a tad too sweet.

I also had their Passion Fruit Iced Tea. I remember having that last time and it is definitely my go-to drink whenever I return. On a side note, my friend ordered the Chicken Curry. She is hardcore when it comes to spicy food. She asked the waiter to make it as spicy as possible. I tried it and it definitely kicked my butt.

Paymon's has a lot of charm. The servers are extremely accommodating and friendly. When they say Mediterranean, they mean it. I always thought they were primarily Persian, but they offer Greek, Italian, and I'm sure other cuisine styles that I haven't bothered to identify.

It's not a place I would go to often. However, I would never hesitate whenever someone makes the suggestion.
I have given this place two goes and question it's success. The food is nearly terrible. The only upside is that it's a Hookah Lounge and it's a nice little spot for a successful date. But if you're in it for the food, keep on searching. Kabobs and such are NOT done right here.
It's been a while since I visited this place probably the last time was the original location on Maryland Parkway at least 4 years ago. 

I gotta say that I was impressed. We were greeted promptly and given a good table. They are very kid friendly as well. Our waitress was very friendly, attentive and helpful. The fries with some sort of remoulade sauce were tasty. Could not stop eating them and took some to go. 

I missed having a good calamari app and this one did not fall short of expectations. Crispy light and flavorful with a great tasting marinara type sauce. We also ordered the hummus and eggplant appetizers. This is one of 2 reasons why this is about a 4 - 4.5 star review. The food runner dropped off the the apps but failed to give us any type of flat bread or whatever for dipping. Our waitress was able to correct this about 6 minutes later. 

Entrees we had the chicken curry with basmati rice....winner winner you know the rest. The Moussaka unexpectedly had beef, duh shoud have read the menu better, but was nothing short of great. 

We took some gyros to go for some friends. Had a bite later, the meat was great, good tzaziki sauce, but it just needs a better wrapper. Don't know what they are called, but I have had them in other places, almost like a naan bread or something. 

I will be back again for the baklava. 

Hats off to you guys for the comfortable atmosphere, good food and service. Something refreshing for a change and I love Mediterranean food.
Hello from Japan!

For those following my reviews, I am Yelping from Sendai city in beautiful Miyagi prefecture (two hours north of Tokyo).  I am working here as an ALT, so I'm going to be here for a while.  I'm going to get my last reviews in because I miss Yelp, and wish I could yelp some of the great places I've been to here in Japan.

(Sorry for that tangent... on to the review!)

I came to Paymon's about a month ago when I was supervising a group of international students to Sin City.  Echoing my previous reviews, I find that the best restaurants and treasures in Vegas definitely come from the locals, and it wasn't long before buddy Francis C. took me here for a late lunch.

Paymon's specializes in Mediterranean caf style foods- a cuisine I've never really touched before, so my choices here were definitely on the safe side.  Conveniently located a few blocks away from the Strip, Paymon's offers a great atmosphere to enjoy a nice meal, as well as a hookah bar right next door (however, you must be 21 or older to enter).  When we went, we sat in between the restaurant and the bar in this extremely nice patio area, where natural sunlight was where it was at.

Service that day was decent.  We placed a few orders of fries, and I ordered the chicken marsala for my hefty meal.  Our food took a bit for it to come out, which confused us because a couple of other parties received theirs before ours (and we felt it was a pretty small meal).  When I finally received my chicken marsala, I was ready to sink my mouth into that piece of chicken.   In terms of the taste, the flavors didn't do much for me.  It wasn't bad at all, but nothing about my meal struck me.  The piece of fried chicken breast was okay, and my sauce over the noodles were simply average.  However, they do give a good sized portion for you hungry gamblers out there.

Even though my meal wasn't completely mind-blowing, I did enjoy the French fries and the on-and-off lighting inside the patio.  Next time I come, I will definitely venture off and try the more Mediterranean options that Paymon's is known for.

Parking is plentiful outside in a private lot with other businesses.
Paymon's is on my regular rotation since it is near my work and one of the few Mediterranean places close by. (RIP Madpita Express *sniff sniff*) I would really give it 3.5 stars so I rounded up. The prices are high for what you get. The salads are a deal though, as you can easily share them. The Gyro salad is huge and pretty tasty. The gyro pita sandwich however doesn't fare as well. We always have to ask for more tahini sauce because of the minuscule amount they put on it. The sandwich is honestly mostly lettuce, very little meat. The pasta I've had there wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't anything I have reordered since. I tried the pesto sauce with angel hair pasta. The pesto lacked flavor and was too heavy for my liking. The food here isn't amazing by any means, but it's sufficient for a nice business lunch.
Mediocre.  Too much quantity over quality. And whats with the HUGE beverage glasses. Waitress didn't know much about the food. Have to say tho', had a better experience at their location near Las Vegas airport.
I've been going here for years and used to love the place and the original on Maryland Pkwy! However, the wait staff is mediocre now and the food portions are getting way too small and the prices way too high!

Ordered hummus and it covered the plate but you could've read a newspaper through it and my gyro had about 1/2 the meat it used to. We haven't been very satisfied the last few times we've been here and the food's way overpriced, $9 gyro and $14 salad (add chicken)?!?! We won't be going back.
Hmm...So I guess peer pressure really does work. I never thought I'd be praising a hookah lounge, let alone just trying the stuff, and now here I am!
 
Paymon's has two locations: one by UNLV and the other in the Northwest part of town (the Sahara location definitely has less criminal activity and is therefore my favorite one). Surprisingly, it's actually pretty classy inside and I didn't expect it to be as nice as it is. Upon walking in, I was pleased to see that both locations are beautifully decorated in a Moroccan style with gorgeous pillows and dimly lit lanterns that make me feel like I'm in Aladdin. Come here to hang out with friends, unwind after work, have a few drinks and just relax.  Even the food is pretty tasty. Mostly locals frequent Paymon's, so it's safe to say that the chances of a tour bus packed full of foreigners unloading there are slim.
 
The hookah flavors choices are wide but my favorite by far is green apple.  It's amazing how real it tastes!  AND its calorie free. If you're hungry for real food, don't miss the Athens fries, which are awesome and an order of hummus and pita bread.
Fun place to hang out after a busy week. The food is great and a nice variety of drinks(of course I only drink wine). Creating your own Hooka is my favorite part, and if your not sure what to get, you can always order off the Hooka menu. The music is upbeat... i only wish they had a dance floor.
Last but by no means least, the staff is amazing...they give it a "Cheers" vibe....everybody knows your name and they're ALWAYS glad you came.
Paymon's has been one of my all time favorite places in Vegas for years now.  They always offer excellent food and service at both of their locations. 

Anis, at the Sahara location, is the best server ever!  Very attentive to all your needs and always in a great mood!  I enjoy going there to see Anis and eat my Gyro salad and hummus with pesto!  You have GOT to try the Athen's fries!!  Even if you don't like fries, you will like these.  The seasoning they use is out of this world!  You can also purchase a container of the seasoning in the front by the hostess stand.  I put it on chicken that I cook at home.

Paymon's also offers great deals like customer appreciation night on Wednesday's!  25% off.... a good deal! 

Go check this place out if you haven't yet! You won't be disappointed.
I really went to Paymon's with high hopes after reading all of the great reviews, but sadly, I was disappointed.  Maybe it was an off night, maybe it was because we arrived toward the end of happy hour, but regardless, it just was okay at best.

I met my friend at the hookah bar, where we were quickly set up with the Disco Lemonade hookah and ordered drinks.  The drinks (apple martini for my friend, lychee martini for myself), were actually quite good, as was the hookah, which was mild and flavorful.  That's where the good stuff ends, though.

Service from that point was a slow and lacking. We ordered 3 dishes: the wings, calamari, and the Athens fries, which took quite awhile to come out, were lukewarm at best, and tasted old- as if they had been sitting out for awhile.  The hookah attendant seemed annoyed that we weren't smoking our hookah fast enough and *gasp* socializing and talking to each other.  When we finished our meal, we asked our waitress for boxes for the leftovers, which she never brought.  No one ever came back to ask if we were done, needed anything else- or even to bring our check.  After waiting for at least 20 minutes, we finally tracked down our waitress at the bar to ask for the boxes and the bill.  The boxes were given to us with annoyance, and after seeing us struggle with them, a bag wasn't offered- luckily, the hostess at the front offered one to us.

I am not sure if I'll give it another chance.  I did like the location, the look of the lounge, but the food and service...as the stars say- "meh."
Always loved it here at paymons. I always get the same thing though, and can't go wrong. The gyro is great! And gotta get a side of their Cajun fries. But make sure you have gum after; the fries leave you with an unpleasant breath afterwards. Service is usually always great. We have a 20 month old, and I love their highchairs. It's the plastic ones that are almost like a high chair you would have at home. The only negative comment I have is that my gyro always falls apart!
For Mediterranean or maybe Italian this place will make your belly happy.  I usually order the Athens fries and Falafel.  Eggplant parm was also good and filling.  Great atmosphere when you walk in from 100 degree weather. Great place to do a business lunch.  I give it 4 stars.
This review was meant for the cafe. As far as the hookah lounge goes, everything is pretty cool. I.E. decor, hookah, service. But today I figured 'what the heck,' and decided to have dinner in the cafe...

First off, let me tell you that this place is like the Olive Garden of Mediterranean food. And by that, I mean everything looked and tasted as if it was prepared hours ago and had been sitting in a kitchen waiting for the rush to come in.  Possibly reheated. I dont know, but every dish I ordered reminded of  the cheap quality dishes you find at food chains like Sizzler or Applebees. Seriously, I love paymons for their hookah lounge but the quality of their dinner food was very very very disappointing. Stick to the hookah, get food somewhere else.
We were recently introduced to the mysterious world of the hookah.

While looking for a happy hour on a recent visit to Vegas we stumbled on Paymons. I absolutely adore this place. From the minute we stepped into the hookah lounge we were welcomed and felt at home. If you want to spend a couple of hours chillin' in an exotic atmosphere eating Mediterranean food--we're talking here fried calamari and baba gnoush served with a huge side of soft pita bread--while sipping any specialty drinks. . . ours were a variation of the margarita, at happy hour half price--this is your place.  And, hey maybe add a hookah to the mix.

The lounge is dark, sultry and cozy. The dcor is "Persian Sultan den" with walls and ceiling a deep warm maroon.  A selection of large paintings of women in suggestive poses from past centuries sit in ornately carved frames vying for space with heavily-patterned cloth tapestries which gives the room a tent-like atmosphere. There are plenty of pillows to lounge upon. My wife said, "we need to create a hookah den in our house." I said, "sure, I'm in." At first I was curious why the music wasn't traditional Middle Eastern, but I soon warmed up to the House music, which surprisingly suited the space.

The server/bartenders had no attitude whatsoever and made me want to spend a long time here. The hookah master gently asked us if we would like to try a hookah. He said he would mix a special novice blend for us. We wondered if his watermelon/grape recommendation would be too fruity, but the concoction had a smooth taste and aroma and I felt myself relaxing with every puff. The crystal ball says there is a heartier mix for me to try next time.
For great Mediterranean food and some great hookah in a super chill hookah lounge there is no place better. If someone wants hookah or Greek food, I am going to always bring them here until I find someplace better.
We went here on a Saturday night around 8:00 PM. 

For appetizers we got hummus and bread. HOLY HUMMUS!!! It was delicious!!! If it wasn't for the pita bread I would have spooned the hummus into my mouth. 

I forget the complete description of my entree, but they should have just called Salmon marinated in heaven with rice. The salmon was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The ultimate flavor party came when I made little sandwiches from pita bread, salmon and rice. WOW. 

This is great Mediterranean food.
A great little place away from the strip.  The service at this place was extremely wonderful.  The Hummus and fries for appetizers... great!!
The Chicken Curry and Gyro was both delicious! Can't wait to stop in again.
I love this place!!!!
The fries are off the hook, mixing hookah flavors amazing, full bar, reservations can be made for the dining portion on the hookah its first come first serve.  

Great music as well!

Watch out for the bill though as they can mistake a cash payment for the tab as a tip.
YOU MUST TRY THEIR EGGPLANT PANINI! SO GOOD! That is all.
The food was excellent.  I love the atmosphere, the drinks and the blueberry tobacco.
Another place that i MUST visit everytime I'm in Vegas!!  stumbled across this place one day looking for a lunch spot before a massage.  My best friend and I went in and were greeted by a very nice gentleman who seated us in their dining room and began to discuss middle eastern culture and food... they had a beautiful hookah room separated from the dining area decorated with gorgeous pillows and couches where you could have hookah and listen to soothing music.

The food was amazing... as if my grandma was in the back kitchen herself making the grape leaves from scratch!  They were so good i was tempted to order a second dish of it... we also shared a panini and fries that were off the hook!  Salad was also yummers!! 

They have weekly food and hookah specials and are also known for their array of spices which they also sell online.  Very authentic place... I also wish they had a location in LA closer to me. :)
what happened to the mediterranean food... when i go there now its all italian! I know italy is on the mediterranean (i hope ;) ) but what little mediterranean food they have on their menu is now just bad... this used to be a great restaurant that all my friends and i would go eat at, but now the food is just bad... Service was great though, dont get me wrong! I just didnt like their new menu... I havent done their hookah lounge and that may be good, but im not into hookahs...
If I could add another star, I would.

I'm particularly a fan of the Lounge area... local lounges don't get better. The atmosphere, the people, it's just all around AWESOME.
I've been to Paymon's once for dinner, and had some really good food so I fully intend to return! What really won me over was the Saganaki, aka, greek salty cheese flambeed with Bacardi rum and finished off with a splash of lemon juice. Oh my god, this appetizer alone is worth 4 stars!!!! There are no words for how amazing this was. We also had the warm dolmas, the Pastitsio (another must try), and the gyros platter. I left there pretty full and happy. Delicious!!!
Best gyros, athens fries are amazing! Service is usually really good.
Took my husband to lunch there today, he had never been.

The food was great and the prices are fair, which is good because the portions are medium not large sized.

It's always a great place for me to introduce people to Meditteranean food!
yummy and right across the street from me...
Great spot for some tasty Greek / Mediterranean food.  Atmosphere is cool, prices are fair, service is nice.  This is a place to go often.
Went for lunch last week. Athens fries are a must! I also had the chicken pita. The chicken was great! The pita bread was very dry. Not sure if that is how it usually is, or if it was just old. Service was s...l....o....w.... If you plan on going during lunch, be sure you have an entire hour, and work close by. Getting a refill took forever as well. They food was great, service is what brings my rating down.
This place is good. There are great hookahs there. I recommend the frozen thief or frozen skittles. And if Randy is working, he is great at creating custom combinations.

I can't give it 5 stars because of the price, $20 seems a little to high for hookahs.

However, if you go on Tuesday nights, hookahs and drinks are half off. If you're in summerlin, this is the perfect place to go on Tuesday nights.

Also try the flaming saganaki, it's delicious (though it's weird my browser/Yelp thinks saganaki is a misspelling)
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Both locations are great, but I prefer the west side. They have over 20 vegetarian selections and I gotta tell you I am a creature of habit and I would eat here every day if I could. They have some of the most amazing salads, try the Bruschette Salad and the Athens Fries are amazinggggg.
My favourite restaurant in Las Vegas... PERIOD!

Saganaki (Fried Cheese Heaven)
Spanakopita (Spinach/Cheese Pie with the flakiest crust ever!)
Buttered Basmati Rice (The best rice of all time)

I love their food, I love their service, I always check in via Twitter and they ALWAYS reply back, it's awesome. I've also been to their hookah lounge with friends a number of times and it's a great place to hang out and the ambience is terrific.

Also, every Wednesday night from 5 to 9, get 25% off your check. Can't beat that!
This is my favorite Paymons.  It's got easy parking, good location, and great food and tea.  It is just a bit nicer then eh one on Maryland parkway.  The Hookah lounge is also more swanky and tons more spacious.  

My favorites are the veggie combo platter or the kabobs.  The baba ghanosh and falafel are great.  The Athens fries are spectacular, I don' t think I have had any bad food at Paymon's.
TIP: good for family and / or friends (hookah lounge)

Addictive athens fries, killer lamb kebobs, huge portions, reasonable prices, even good coffee, gyro plate was 10.95 which was a good deal considering how much food and meat they give you, the combo appetizer was really good, had everything from hummus to baba ganoush; you know this place is good when there's both zagat and yelp stickers on the front door.  Their menu is extensive, even have italian food.  there's even an unlimited pasta deal which you shouldn't get because the kebob plates are a must try.
I absolutely LOVE this place its the best. 

Weather you eat in the restaurant part or enjoy the hookah lounge your gonna have great service and a fun experience. When I decide to eat in the restaurant part I order their Athen Fries and I always order the Penne Pesto Pasta OMG its an orgasm in my mouth sooo sooo sooo delicious!!! The sauce they use for it is rich and creamy so yummy I use to order it with extra sauce and no mushrooms to die for! If your going for lunch and want something a little less filling you gotta try their Falafel Flat Bread Sandwich its so delicious and the tahini sauce is awesome. 

I really have nothing bad to say about this place everythings great here if you want good Mediterranean food this is the place =)
I am sad to say one of my old time favorites went down hill. Nothing was fresh, grape leaves must have been days or weeks old, my lettuce was brown, my Hubs rice was full of butter, and our service lacked a hospitable feeling. After having so many new mediterranean places in town ~ I will keep looking....
I heard a lot of very good things about Paymon's, so of course I wanted to love it.

We head there for lunch after work and are seated in the dining area, not the hookah area. 

I will say, having fresh Athen's fries is a must with their special sauce. They are definitely special.

I had hot green tea with honey and it was delicious :] served in a pot.

Aside from Athen's fries we had calamari for an appetizer which was the fried variety-just how I like! And a big serving for the price of about $10.

I had the Greek Pie.. I forgot the name but the menu read that it had a baked bchamel sauce on top.

Overall it was forgettable. It was served with a side of veggies. Pretty much tasted like a soup.

Someone got the meat kabob gyro which was said to be very good.

And for dessert we shared an unimpressive baklava.

Had take out a couple of weeks later from here and had the chicken Marsala and also had a bite of chicken parmasen.

Helped keep my rating to a 3.

Our server was great but it ends with the food which was meh. 

Big complaint is the small tables. Sooo annoying when the plates are so big.
Overall I think that this restaurant offers great value in terms of their portions and their pricing. One person can easily have lunch their for under $15 and leave being extremely stuffed. However, I would not recommend this place if you were looking for legit mediterranean (Italian/Greek) cuisine, since items at this restaurant are fairly Americanized. Likewise, it is probably because many of the dishes are already so westernized that majority of the customers would enjoy their flavours (some people don't like actual greek flavours). Overall, if you're looking for something legitimately Mediterranean, this might not be the restaurant for you, but if you want something INSPIRED by Mediterranean cooking, I think this would be an excellent place to try out.

I would love to return to this place if I ever return to Vegas!

PS. Order small, b/c things come in big portions. When I went I didn't have enough room to try desert even though I wanted to :( .
Great for appetizers and hookah, bad for dinner.

Maybe I got slighted because I went during the late night hours. The hummus and Athens fries are always good. They have loose leaf tea which is a plus, but the dinner entrees that myself and the rest of my party ordered were equivalent to overpriced Mediterranean fast food.

Ordered a chicken pita. It was alright, nothing extraordinary. Chicken was a bit dry and there was a lot of it, which explains why the pita was served in a paper wrap with printed instructions on how to eat it, so as to avoid a food explosion. It could have benefited from a bit more veggies and tsatziki, as there were only a few lettuce leaves and a sparse amount of tomato and sauce.

The others in our party ordered a brushcette salad with chicken that was also dry with very bitter and overdressed romaine. There were also quite a few lettuce stems in the salad which is quite bizarre. A broiled steak kabob was also ordered. Again nothing extraordinary for the price. Rice was very salty, the green beans with tomato sauce were reminiscent of something you'd find in a geriatric cafeteria.

Service was also painfully slow and one waitress was arguing with what appeared to be her boyfriend. Despite that, our waiter was polite and took the salad off of our check.
I've always liked Paymon's.  It's not the most exciting food in the world, but it's consistent, good renditions of all of the expected Americanized "Mediterranean" faves, hummus, baba g, falafel, etc...  

I do love the lentil soup.  Love love the iced tea.  Gyros are just fine and fresh but nothin spesh.

Paymon's is always a strike down the middle for me.  No curveballs, nothing unexpected.  Easy to hit a fastball down the middle and they always do.  So they seem like an A-OK all day, so three stars for you, Paymon's...
Love the atmosphere and the food! I can go with a partner for some hookah or with a large party! I Love the decor it is very cosy and the "hookah baristas" are awesome!!! i love the gyro salad!!!
This place used to be the best. It's gone downhill. Service is not very good and food isn't what it used to be, won't go back now that there's better places like Khoury's and Yassou's.
Paymon's has always been a local favorite, but I can only provide a very mediocre review. 

We came in about 6 on Friday evening. The place was not busy, and the hostess greeted us right away. Fine. But she takes us to a table literally steps from the front door, directly in line with the kitchen door. Can you say freeway? Could have asked for another table, but I didn't...so my bad, but I don't think I should have had to...

Server came and took orders promptly, ok so far. Hummus appetizer comes out quickly, always delicious. Then the entrees came out, gyros salad for me, falamus pita for my wife. also delicious. Maybe not exactly authentic Mediterranean food, but yummy nonetheless. Shared a few Athens fries...these are the bomb.

So what's the problem? Indifferent service.  Our server did not once stop and ask how we were doing. After he took our order, he literally disappeared. A different server brought the food out, and of course our server didn't bother to check if we got everything we needed. He must have passed our table 10 times without so much as a nod of the head. I even had to flag him down for a water refill! 

We finished eating and just sat there. No offer of dessert, nothing.  I flagged him down for the check, since by that time I was getting annoyed and just wanted to split. 

We like Paymon's and will probably go back, but if the service is as poor  next time, we'll move on.
I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.
One of the best happy hours in town! Delicious drinks, food, & hookah. The lounge part of the restaraunt is done so well with tapestries hanging fromThe walls to lighting that gives you a whole different experience. Let's be real though. We all know what's good
Their... Two words: Athens Fries. Holy cow. Get one for
Yourself and do not share. Not
Even with your Grandmother. Ok maybe her, but that's it. I would also recommend trying their baklava & Eggplant Parmesan. Simply delicious. The baklava is some of the best I have ever had. It's light and flakey and not too sweet. The staff is also excellent. Always welcoming and take care of you very well. 

My Tip:
Happy Hour is the way to go. Everything is half off!
Place is so gooooooood. skip the hummus though it's really bland.  gyro platter a+, service is hit or miss.  their passion fruit ice tea is delish.  My friend's husband is British and swears by their curry dishes. 

They have Greek AND Italian food AND some Indian Curry, so lots of menu selections. Sandwiches and salads are large too.

BUT my favorite thing is their hot sauce. It's like Tabasco, but BETTER. They make it in house I swear we go through 1/2 a bottle each time we are there!
Even though Paymon's is a bit overpriced I have such warm fuzzy feelings for it. I had my first date with my boyfriend there. It was his pick. Yay for originality!

I like that there is a bit of flexibility in their dishes. I can have pasta, or curry or gyros. So there isn't a big fuss if a group of us want to eat there and all have different tastes. My usual for quite awhile was the broiled steak kabob. The meat is always very tasty (but not always the most tender) and the basmati rice fluffy and nicely spiced. The vegetables are always overcooked. Not that I'm a bit fan of them anyway but I might be more enticed to eat them if this was not the case.

My current favorite is the chicken curry. I get it about medium spicy but then I cover it in their racy red sauce. I could pour that on just about everything it's so good. The hummus is my  mom's favorite dish. I like it too but it is so filling that I usually can't finish my entree if we get it as an appetizer. The gyros are nice, the meat is not dry and they are really smashing with a side of Athens fries. The sauce that comes with the fries is pretty addictive.
The interior of Paymon's is very warm and inviting with a lot of mixed and matched Fall colors everywhere and fake trees/bushes. From what I see in the pictures, the Hookah lounge is gorgeous, but I didn't get to see it since we were just here for lunch. The waitress sat us in a booth a quickly brought out our water and told us what she recommended. 

We ordered:
Fried Calamari ($9.50) - Topped with grated parmesan cheese and served with spicy marinara sauce.

Pastitsio ($12.95) - layered casserole made with lean ground beef, Barilla pasta, tomato, parmesan cheese, and several herbs and spices. Topped with bechamel sauce, oven baked and served on a roasted tomato coulis. Served with Mediterranean vegetables.

Gyro ($8.75) - Slices of beef and lamb, served with fresh romaine lettuce, red onions, tomatoes and Greek tzatziki sauce.
+Athens fries for $2.95 extra

To be honest, I found this all to be a little overpriced. Our bill came out to be over $40 with tip because we also ordered iced tea and a soda. However, the food was very good. The meat in the Gyro was very tender and the fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. I don't know what kind of dipping sauce they gave us with the Athens fries, but it was addicting. The Pastitsio was very flavorful although a little too heavy for my liking, so I probably wouldn't order it again. The calamari was heavenly; Lightly breaded, tender, and oozing with flavor Parmesan/herb goodness. The marinara sauce was an added bonus. I normally prefer my Calamari with marinara as opposed to aioli. 

If it weren't for the regular menu being a tad overpriced, I would give this place an easy 4 stars. I just don't think I can justify the Gyro and fries being about $12 and the Calamari being $9.50. I'll have to come back again during happy hour when Calamari is only $4.75, so I can add on another star ;)

*Tips
-Customer Appreciation Night: Wednesdays from 5-9pm, 25% off bill
-Tuesdays: from 5pm-1am all specialty cocktails, beer, mixed drinks, hookahs and lounge food at 50% off
-AYCE pasta for $8.95
Hands down, the best food and service in Las Vegas. I recently took my fiance there for lunch and and he's SO picky about his food. When we left, he couldn't stop rqaving about how amazing everything tasted. We ordered our meal family style and left licking our plates clean! The restaurant is so well kept, modern, yet still such a cozy atmosphere. And the food... well it's probably the most mouthwatering selection of Mediterranean cuisine in the entire state of Nevada. Above all, the service is fantastic. We had Judy as our waiter and she was so, so wonderful and attentive. 

We love Paymon's so much we've decided to hire them for our caterer for our wedding as well!!! So far, the experience has been seamless. Paymon is truly an expert at what he does and it's the one facet of my wedding that I know is going to be a complete success without any hitches! The wedding is two weeks away and I trust that I'm going to get equally glowing reviews from all my guests about the food!!
Interesting. Italian, Greek, and Persian food all mixed in to one place. And you know what ; it works.

 I eat a lot of middle eastern food and this is actually pretty good. The humus and Babaganoush were pretty good. The chicken kabob was good, the ground lamb was good, although the beef was chewy. Deserts are good, and I really liked their french fries...yes a Mediterranean style restaurant with fries. 

I must say that Judy, are waitress, was amazing: efficient, great personality, and very attentive.

For the very affordable price, good food, nice ambiance, and great service I would definitely come back here.
I used to go to the Paymons by UNLV fairly frequently when i lived on that side of town. My boyfriend and i were in the market for a new happy hour to check out, so i found this place on my mobile app. Regretting it greatly now.
First regret, the specialty cocktails. Margaritas were ridiculously too sweet, and i read through the ingredients. They use a mix i have used before, so i'm not sure how those got screwed up... and I'm a bartender. 
Next, we ordered the hummus as a starter, and it arrived surprisingly fast. Downside however was it was depressingly bland and oozy, not thick or flavorful at all. We figured oh well, the entrees should make up for it.
I ordered the gyro pita, accompanied by athens fries, my boyfriend got the pesto pizza. I couldn't pick up the thing, cuz it would probably fall apart, so i proceeded to make little mini pitas by tearing pieces of it and putting the meat, tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce inside, very messy. I now realize that we were never given settings or napkins. Since my boyfriend had to go looking for our server a couple times, i said to hell with it and got some paper hand towels from the bathroom. My server saw me come back with said towels, and said nothing to us or checked in still.
Back to the food. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something was way off with the gyro meat, a little too 'chewy' i suppose, and barely warm.. the fries weren't really anything to write home about. My boyfriend said his pizza was basic and bland also.
The only time server finally checks on us, he rudely interrupted my boyfriend and i having a moment. We asked for a box and the check. In all honestly the only reason for the box was to give the food to the dogs.
The check arrived, and we were thrown for a loop. I have no problem paying for a quality fare, but we were under the impression that most of our items were on happy hour pricing. Nope. 2 drinks, hummus, pizza and my gyro came out to 50 bucks, wtf. I then got on here and learned that happy hour pricing was only on Tuesday nights. Another thing i came across in these reviews was that Weds nights are customer appreciation night and they take 25% off the final check.  Again, didn't happen.
We were over it at this point and just wanted to vacate. Again, my boyfriend had to go looking for our server,  who he said gave him an irritated look when we needed change. I always leave 20% as i am in the industry, and can understand that not all issues are the service staffs fault. In this case I'll admit I lowballed.
To make it even better, as we were getting some stuff at the gas station on the way home, i rapidly became unbearably nauseas and ran outside to throw up. Definitely won't be caught here again, i don't even think i feel safe giving the hounds the food anymore... that's bad.
Paymon's on Sahara is a really cool space. I have only had some appetizers there because I always go to the lounge but I've heard the food in the main restaurant is amazing as well. I'm mainly focusing on the lounge area which is separated from the main area. There are plenty of seating tables for a group of friends to chill on couches, get some great drinks, and listen to cool music (mix of hip hop, to club, to even some dubstep when I was there). There is a heated patio area also very nice to get away from the music to have more intimate convo's. Inside has a real bohemian type of feel with cool drapery as well as hookah available.  It's a great place to chill with friends, maybe even a date when you want to avoid the strip. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because I have not tried out the entire restaurant yet soooo I need to go back soon and so should you!
The Spanokopita was good; generous portions. Would definitely go back and try some of the other items. The two kids with it also liked it; good children's menu.
Pretty darn good.
I have been to the original location several times, this was my first time at the West Side. The Shrimp & Spinach dip is amazing!! Get it before you even look at the menu.

The selection is vast and you will find yourself concerned as you read through, because you will want to try everything. The Combination platter comes with thier amazing Fries, Baba Ganouch, Humus, Stuffed Grapes Leaves and more. It's a meal for 1+. 

Further, we went with a Baked Kibbe for a shared entree. Fantastic.
The leftovers were great at work today.

The service is very good. We came late, 8:30pm on a Sunday.
We waited at the door for about 5 minutes. That sucks, however, Daniel, who turned out to be our server, noticed us, say us, apologized and explained and provided excellent, attentive service throughout the meal. He genuinely cared that we got the right food for us and enjoyed what we had ordered.

Also, there was a crooked painting on the wall. Can't knock points of that, but just sayin' :)
I haven't tried the Italian food, but the Mediterranean and Greek food are really good.  Falafel is tasty, as well as the gyros.  It is a bit pricey though, wish it was a few bucks cheaper.

The hookah lounge can get pretty crowded on the weekends.  One time there was a big party and it was so loud we had to ask to be moved to the outdoor patio in order to hold a conversation.  You only get one coal though (it lasts a long time) but they will adjust if the hookah gets harsh, but not replace the coal unless you buy a new head.
Same food as the original location on Maryland Parkway, just a newer feel and more middle-eastern appearance.  Hookah is a must, so yea, I dig it!
Amazing Italian and Mediterranean food under one roof???  Is this possible?? YES it is... My sister and I shared the All-You-Can-Eat pasta plate and a greek salad.  We started with the pesto angel hair pasta and then had the meat sauce with spaghetti.  The pesto angel hair was a little overdressed in pesto, but tasty nonetheless.  There was so much pasta left, they even let us take the rest in a to go box.  The take out packaging was super fancy..the utensils were silver and looked like actual forks.

If you want excellent greek/mediterranean/italian food while in Vegas, without the long lines, then Paymon's is the spot!!!
This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. The koobideh was fantastic.
The Dinner Clique I hang out with made this their choice Saturday night. I have eaten at the Maryland Parkway location but not this one. I just have to say to the reviewer who justifies his review by saying he was from Chicago where there is REAL Greek  and Mediterranean food to simply shut his pie hole. (Or Baklava hole, as it were.) The owner's name is PAYMON ROAUF...HELLO!!! It don't get much more authentic than that. He was born in Tehran, Iran. So, no PIZZA HUT HERE cuz the food I got was well spiced, tasty stuff that I will return again and again for. My special fun this visit was the MANGO-RITA! Now that was a drink! it was complimented by yummy chicken and rice and the smells that emminated from all my dinner companions' dishes were nearly as intoxicating as my Mango-Rita! Their garlic spiced fries are a fun favorite and almost anyone I know who has eaten there urges their purchase. It was good service from friendly staff and our reservation was all redy when we arrived. Prices were what we expected and worth every bite. TREAT YOURSELF!
I had seen this place for quite some time, but I had not tried it.  My mother in law and brother in law had and spoke highly of it, so tonight was our night to give it a try.

It was a bit busy, there were several big tables reserved and/or seated already, but we were able to get a table.  We started with a couple of apps, the first were the Athen's fries, it had been given many good reviews, but they were just well seasoned fries with a dipping sauce other than ketchup.  The second app was the a combination of hummus and baba ganosh, now these were both good!

For my entree I ordered Moussaka, it was a layered casserole of sliced eggplant, onions, potato, ground beef, fresh herbs and spices, covered with behamel sauce and served on basmati rice and vegetables.  I really enjoyed this.

Overall, a good experience, service was excellent, the food was flavorable and met my expectations, but a bit pricey .
This location (Sahara) is the lesser of the few. The food and service is nothing like the Maryland location which is stars above this one.
 Here at Sahara the food is mostly great, the atmosphere is wonderful It's just a beautiful anf fun decor. The service is not as attentive and you need to ask questions ( Are refills free? etc ) because they might not tell you. 
 The chicken parm was a disappointment  last time we went ( Pounded down flat to make it look bigger, gimmee a break) and the salad was smaller than usual ( I would not have ordered had I known). 
 However the mousakka rocks , the iced tea is good and you can't beat 25% off night.
 Overall most of the place is worth it. Just remember to ask some key questions as this location is more about cash than service.
I haven't been here for a while, but I decided to check it out yesterday, and it wasn't bad at all.... I got the kabob pita sandwich that came with the lettuce and the traditional greek sauce you would in a gyro. The price wasn't bad at $8.75
Great, unique, local restaurant at chain prices.  Food is always great and the service is always friendly and just a great atmosphere.
We had an awesome evening at Paymon's. The hookah was great and the food was amazing. We had the chicken curry and it was better than most of the indian joints we go to. Great drinks and in a great chill spot. And of course Mymy our server, was the super good to us. Thank you!!!
This is my friend's favorite restaurant so we gave it a try last night. The hummus was delicious and the spinach pie *(spanakopita) was very good but the side of stewed vegetables were awful and the rice seemed ill matched in our opinion.  We had horrible service sitting outside because we were the only table and would strongly suggest sitting inside where there is really good atmosphere.  The menu had a Greek section, Indian Section and Italian.  We only had Greek food but our server said the Curry is excellent. I would return but only for lunch or takeout and would try the kabobs like my friend recommended and the hummus appetizer. I'm sure they have some other great options but I have a feeling the menu is hit or miss, it's hard to do everything well. This would be a good inexpensive place for a large group and it's super casual.
I had avoided this place for a while due to the fact that my ex worked here. Well I couldn't stay away any longer and boy am I glad I decided to go back!

Oh have I missed their delicious wonderful food...

I went here with my friend TracieP for lunch the other day, she had never been here and I finally got her to go after bragging about their Penne Pesto Pasta for months. 
So we both ordered the Pesto Pasta and we also ordered the Athens fries as an appetizer. The fries were well seasoned and I absolutely love the dipping sauce they serve with it. The pasta was creamy goodness in my mouth by far the best pesto ive ever had just as I had remembered. 

*Delicious food 
*Good prices
*Great service

If you havent tried this place please do and please order the Penne Pesto Pasta if your a fan of pesto it is mouth watering delicious.
I've never been to Paymon's before so I was a bit excited to try. I love Mediterranean food and for a hot summer day what can go wrong? My husband told me that he heard the hummus was good so we ordered it as a starter. Hummus was delicious.... I probably ate the majority of it, but I LOVE hummus. 

By the time our lunch came out I was pretty full on hummus. I had ordered the Chicken Pita Wrap and the husband ordered Gyro Pita Wrap with a side of athens fries. My chicken was really dry and it wasn't very tasty....a big disappointment. However, my husband's Gyro wrap was very tasty and not dry. The athens fries were good, but not blow me out of this world. 

Overall, for a 30 dollar lunch, was it worth it? Nope, but I can see why people come here with their late hours and hookah.
Paymons is definitely my favorite spot off The Strip.  Bf n I were looking for the best hookah bars in Vegas, and we came across Paymons.  We have tried Rhumbar and Azuza also, but they just dont compare!

We arrived at around 11:30pm, and the restaurant was very empty.  The lounge was nearly full, bumpin 80s music with a live DJ.  The seats were very comfortable, bf was very happy.  The service was great too, very nice girls and friendly to all their patrons.

We just came from a concert, so we were starving.  Bf ordered the Tandoori Chicken and loved it.  I ordered the gyro plate which also came with their signature Athens Fries... HOLY MOLY forget the fries, the GYRO was awesome!  In Hawaii, all Greek and Mediterranean food is pretty standard and nothing mind-blowing.  Paymons serves a JUMBO gyro and they do not skimp on ANY ingredients.  Loved it, but I couldnt finish it.  

We read about the Thief flavor shisha, and we ordered a bowl of that.  There was margarita mixed with several other flavors.  It was tasty! We also ordered a bowl of the Cherry Bomb shisha, which I thought tasted a lot better, more flavorful.  

There was a lot of funky music playing, and the music videos for the songs were also on the TVs on the walls.  This lounge is spacious and has a great vibe, dont be shy to get up and dance! 

Only thing I would have changed is to not sit near the A/C vent so I can do my smoke tricks...lol

I definitely want to come back again, but with a bigger group, its a great late-nite spot to get away from The Strip and just have fun.
Will not ever go back to this place even though we probably used to eat there at least 3-4 times a month.  My buddy found a 1 inch piece of steel wire brush, the type you would use for pots and pans in his gyro.  We brought it to the attention of the server.  Without expecting anything free, the gyro should have been comped and at least an apology.  Nothing.

Followed up with a complaint to their corporate office.  Manager finally apologized with the excuse that our server was a nice guy but not very intelligent.  Next time we could receive a comp dinner for 2.  That's not the point.  Health Code violation and someone potentially getting injured from eating a gyro is the point.
Food was average... place was clean... service was decent...
Given the close proximity of Paymon's to me, I'm a bit embarrassed that I'd never been. The hostess was unfriendly but, lucky for her, I was distracted by the restaurant's decor. Big. fan. For my 1st time, I was pleased to be there during the sweet-spot of the evening where I got to see what it was like with all the natural light from the skylights then the dim lighting once the sun set. The chairs were a pleasant surprise- they have a little give when you lean back in them. ber comfy. Unlike the hostess, our waitress was very friendly. We ordered their fries & mozzarella sticks for appetizers- not a single complaint! Later, with our entres, we had some sides of tzatziki that I enjoyed dipping the fries in more than the standard sauce. I ordered the beef kabobs, at the recommendation of our waitress- it came with a small side salad & basmati rice. All very tasty! My g.f. got the gyro salad with a side of tzatziki, in addition to the dressing- I had a nibble of the salad & would definitely order it. Because I fell in love with the baklava, on a previous Yelpventure at Petra, I HAD to try Paymons'! Obviously, now I think I'm an expert &, in my expert opinion, the baklava at Paymon's is good but Petra's could take it out to the monkey bars & beat it up. Even so, I'll absolutely return to Paymon's & I'll probably even save room for dessert.
If you haven't been fortunate enough to experience Paymon's you are really missing out.  The Food is great, the atmosphere is laid back and relaxing, and the service is always top notch!  Oh and don't forget to stop by the lounge.  A wide selection of Hookah and some really interesting Speciality Cocktails.  Paymon's is always a great time for me and my friends!
After traveling all day I was looking forward to ordering carryout from paymons.  When I called in my order I was disappointed to find out they don't take any carryout orders after 9p
I came for my birthday  about 2 weeks ago-I got so wasted that I really don't remember that much. I had a ball and I went to work the next day with a headache- but it was well worth it. We order a lot of food and most of it was good- mainly the chicken wings.
O yeah i remember i was trying to get someone to taste my birthday cake---jk
I come from a culture that leads me to believe that I may know a thing or two about what this food is supposed to taste like - and it's really one of the better places you can go for it.

I've tried a variety of items from the fesenjan to the koobideh platters, or just a "falamus" (falafel with hummus) wrap. It's all good. I have yet to have anything I haven't liked. Consistency in the quality of the food is also a big plus. The interior is by far one of the best for Mediterranean restaurants, if not the best. Oh yeah, the Athens fries? Must have. They are not joking when they rave about them. Those fries must be laced with something fantastical.

If you're into hookah, the lounge is definitely the nicest one in the city - regardless of location. Paymon (I met him once, so that obviously means we're on a first-name basis) hangs out with his customers as well. Very friendly guy who makes sure everyone is happy and taken care of.
I've visited Paymon's twice in the last week, and I must say, the food is very tasty! I had the chicken pita, and my Cousin had the Med veggie platter, with falafel, hummos, grape leaves, athens fries, etc. Very, very good!

The only thing is I wish the service were a bit friendlier. I just get the feeling that no one enjoys working here.  The restaurant is very nicely designed, and they've got the food down pat! To earn that extra star, let's get the staff smiling a bit, and let's pick up the tempo a tad, and you'll have a true winner!
I had the gyros platter with my friend but I've now discovered that I'm not a fan of gyros. The Athens fries were pretty good, though.

The environment is dim so it's one of those.. which aren't really my thing, and they also have the lounge.

Might come back in the future.. who knows.
This is a nice place on the west side of town to get some tasty Mediterranean food. I'm always on the look out for some good dolma especially  if they are served hot. I think the cold ones are too oily. I liked the fact they had both of them at this location. I started off with the hot dolmas for ($7.95). A dolma is a grape leaf filled with seasoned beef and rice baked in tomato sauce. This is the closest one I can find to the ones I ate during my childhood. 

I had the Fesenjan for my entree ($12.95). It's a boneless chicken breast that is slow cooked with crushed walnuts and pomegranate sauce. It's served with basamati rice. I typically don't like eating a lot of chicken because I'm afraid it would be bland but this was bursting with flavor! It has a tangy sweet flavor to it. 

I also sampled their combination platter ($13.95) which comes with Hummus, Tabuli, stuffed grape leaves, falfel, yogurt cucumber dip, baba ganosh and Athens fries. Everything tasted fresh and delicious! You could tell the food is made to order.
We all could use a little happiness in our lives and I tend to be a little bit happier between the hours of 4pm-7pm everyday. The only requirement is that you sit in the lounge. Besides that, Paymon's has a ridiculously large array of finger foods and drink specials. 

All of their specialty cocktails, wines by the glass, and mixed drinks are half off. $4 will get you a Babylon Spice. One cannot go wrong with a mixture of ginger and coconut milk. It is rather heavy and I can only drink one before going to something else, but it is a nice starter drink. 

This night, my friend and I ordered the falafels, dolmas with meat, Athen's fries (or better known as crack fries), babaganoush, and a pesto pizza with mushrooms and bell peppers. A few drinks and all of this food only came out to $28. We were still able to pack up a box to go. 

Besides all the food and drinks specials, they do half off of hookah as well.
Been here a half dozen times. I've tried the Mediterranean food, but actually prefer the Italian food here. Usually here with friends, but came alone a couple of times and still had a good time. Don't know why, but the place reminds me of Firefly minus the crowds and minus the tapas. Hookahs not bad and the food/drink prices pretty damn good. One time a group of 9 of us, total bill (food, hookah, and drinks) was less than $250. Can't beat that.

Staff is great, very attentive.
We made a point of always going to Paymon's for their chicken curry and Dolma. The last couple of times we were there, we noticed a down grade in the quality of chicken being used in the curry.They used to use white meat that had been trimmed of all the fat and chewy bits, now its untrimmed dark meat. I guess it's okay if that's your preference, but we were used to the white meat that offered a more delicate flavor that didn't provide a flavor fight with the curry. Of course the Dolma is fantastic; both hot and cold and always one to go.
The food was....okay.  The service was....okay.  What was not okay was showing up with a friend wearing a sleeveless $300 shirt and told he couldn't come in to the hookah lounge because of their "dress code" and watching some bimbo walk in with sandals, cut off shorts, a tank top and no bra.

This is NOT an upscale place - they're in a strip mall - and they should be pleased to greet any guest walking through the door.
Our friends decided to meet up for dinner and it was my first time here.  I didn't try the hookah as but my friends always enjoyed this part of the lounge before going to the dining area.
Great mediterranean food & service!  Definitely will be back here!
The wife really wanted me to go here.so we went last Sunday.  I figured it wouldn't be all that. To my complete surprise, both the hookah lounge and the restaurant were outstanding. Never smoked hookah before but loved it. Loved the atmosphere, the comfortable couch the drinks and the fact that I could watch the football game and listen to enjoyable music. Then we went and ate in the restaurant. I had the chicken curry. Best curry I've ever had and I've had a lot. There were 5 of us and everyone loved the food. You have your choice of Italian, Greek, Indian or mediterranean. Really enjoyed it. I'll be back fo sho
Make that 3 1/2! My first visit here was extremely pleasant. 2nd time, not so much. It took forever and a day to get a glass of H2O!!! Like, seriously, I would've choked to death already. Would I come back? Most likely. But I don't want the Asian chick as my waitress.
Came here on a hungry day with no expectations, and left with a happy face! One thing to remember here, sharing is caring. Portions are big and hearty and the fun part about that is you have more opportunities to try new things! I must say, as someone who has been a fan of Greek food for quite some time, it is difficult to find a falafel that is done right. You won't be disappointed with the little nuggets you get here. Crispy, crunchy, and smooth garbanzo texture. No burnt rubbery falafel in this joint! (which is refreshing to say the least). I wasn't particularly impressed with the roasted red pepper pita sandwich, a bit bland but edible nonetheless. One recommendation I do have is the veggie kabob, which features Mediterranean-style veggies grilled to perfection, especially the red pepper, yum! 

Came here for the first time the other day and will definitely be back to experience it night-style, hookah and all. If you like Greek food, this place is worth checking out!

Service: Quick and Friendly
Ambiance: Busy but warm and comfortable
Price: Fair $$
I love Mediterranean food and I have been looking forward to trying Paymon's.

My Persian friends tell me it is not authentic and there are better places, but we went anyway.

I booked using Open Table and as we got to the restaurant we were expected and warmly welcomed.

Or server was charming and she explained the menu and helped us pick a couple of plainer dishes for our coddled and spoiled unadventurous children.

Wifee and I ordered a selection of kebabs,gyros etc. It was fine not fantastic but we enjoyed. Also worthy of mention are the Athens Fries, great seasoning! 

Friendly place with above average food and very large portions in an easy location for us suburbanites .
Paymons never disappoints. I have been going to his restaurants since it was a market with a deli stand in the back on Maryland. He has perfected his art. From the fries to the hot sauce to the secret recipe hummus paymon's mediterranean is unique in its class. I am always excited to introduce people to this spot because i know it will become their favorite. This is a must!
Try the Chicken Curry Extra Spicy!
I was disappointed in the service, price, and food.  

The waiter never refilled our drinks, which were completely empty, and never took away our empty plates.  

All of the pita sandwiches come in a paper bag to help them from falling a part.  The bag just made it seem cheap and reminded me of a fast food restaurant. Plus the bag did not prevent my pita from falling apart, and I ended up having to eat it with a fork and knife.  

There are no lunch specials, so expect to pay full dinner prices.  The pita sandwiches, which are close to $10, do not come with ANY sides and fries are extra.
Great food - love their Mediterranean dishes. We always go as a group and share plates so you can try a little bit of everything. Cool atmosphere too. Wednesday is their best night to go - 25% off your entire bill from 5-9pm.
I've been to both this location and the one at The Arts Factory that closed a while back. The food didn't really do anything for me. I have tried their kabobs and gyros and they didn't seem spectacular to me.  I've heard that their fries are supposed to be the best, they have their own special spice/salt condiment they put on it that I especially disliked. Maybe it's me though. I think they even sell the condiment, people love it so much. The only thing that I would go back for is the lentil soup and the grape leaves. The service is good though, friendly staff.
Ate here recently.  The food was ok but the service was just about the worst I have ever experienced anywhere here in town.  First off they "ran out" of not just their drink special but also the main dish I ordered.  Second, the service was terribly slow.  We are talking 20 minutes to get a glass of wine.  Third, when this was explained to the manager, he offered to take a "couple" drinks off our almost $200 tab, which I will just say was completely inadequate given all the gaffs that went into our meal.

If I wasn't there with a big group I would have walked out  and gone someplace that values my business.  Save yourself some headache by not "walking in" to begin with.
Great menu of choices and specials, but highly mediocre food, at best.  When you claim to feature: Greek, Italian, Persian, Middle Eastern, Indian, and vegetarian dishes...you have the potential to be master of none.  Success!  This, unfortunately, is what they've become.  I've been a few times to try different items (kebabs, pasta, other)...and final and last straw was when I sent back my plate 3 times.   I'm done with Paymon's.

I've never tried their Hookah, but I've walked thru the separate room from the dining side, and it's absolutely gorgeous.  Great lighting, beautiful artwork, and well-ventilated.  For locals, it could be a great night out with the buds, or a date -- but , make sure you get this, it's not 'Vegas'.  It's nice lounge, but you can pick-it-up and place-it-down in Anytown, USA.  Parking is easy, no hassle in the private lot, no valet necessary.

In the end, Hookah wins, but the food is middle-of-the-road.
This review is strictly for the hookah lounge. I love coming here with a group of friends for some hookah, drinks and occasional food. The decor in the lounge is absolutely stunning and immediately puts you in a loungey, relaxy mood as you take a seat. This place is what I feel a true hookah lounge embodies. All the other ones I've been to around here and Cali have nothing on this lounge. With that said, the one on Maryland Pkwy is the same, just smaller and more narrow in size.

During my many visits here for about the past 10 years, I've had the pleasure of trying a few dishes whilst drinking and smoking in the lounge. Some of my faves here are: moussaka, lamb kabobs, beef kabobs, calamari, Athens fries, hummus, to name a few. I can't remember not liking anything I've tried here.

If you get here during happy hour, the specialty drinks and appetizers are half off. And they do not skimp here. You can order a full size calamari app for under $5 and they are some of the best I've ever had.

The service is always super friendly but they do get overwhelmed when it gets busier at night. This is a fact I've come to live with when visiting Paymon's but the relaxed feel when I'm here makes it a non-issue for me.

Every time I come here, it's always great times and great memories. This is a must-do when I have friends in from out of town. I'm so glad we have such a beautiful place like this in Las Vegas that is off the Strip.
The curry is bland and so was the hummus.
I had the chicken curry and fell in love! I wanted to lick the entire plate clean! The stuffed grape leave were awesome I love those darn things. The fries were good as well. Went to the hookah lounge it was nice as always.
Food and ambiance at Paymon's is unmatched. Definitely one of the most chic spots to grab a hookah in Vegas. I only wish they would call me and allow me to help them get their hookah to match their amazing decor ;) Consider this an indirect solicitation!
I am sad to say that our return to this joint was the biggest disappointment in my dinner clique life. We had such a great meal and experience here last year that we selected it for our December gathering. I arrived after two of my friends, who had been seated. He ordered the drink special but was told that they were out of the ingredients for that drink. Ran out THAT MORNING. I ordered my fave from last time, the Mangorita....it sucked. Poorly made and nothing like the fine concoction of our last visit. 

The rest of the guests arrived and they ordered a scotch neat and a glass of wine. 20 minutes later it was still not there. In the interim, they had taken our dinner order. As the waiter is being addressed about the missing drinks...hardly difficult to prepare...we are informed that they are out of meat balls. An Italian menu that is out of meat balls because....wait for it....THEY FORGOT TO MAKE THEM!!! 

We got our meals finally and it was just a disaster after all of that rigmarole. Now the manager comes to speak to one of our group and says he will comp a round of drinks off the bill....well, they defer to the FIRST round ordered which was the first two who arrived, so no, they did NOT comp a ROUND of drinks for the group. Clearly this place has encountered some kind of change. I fully expect it to be featured on Restaurant Rescue it has gotten so bad. They get one star becuse the calimare was great...the rest rated about 100 on teh suck-o-meter.
I can't complain about the food. Everything was pretty good... the hummus, yogurt with cucumber dip, falafel, steak kabobs. The kabob was a huge serving that my wife and  split and couldn't finish. The quality of the meat was good and correctly cooked to the requested temp. It didn't come with Basmati rice, but did have rice pilaf with a wonderful butteriness to it.

Their menu is ridiculously large with cuisines including Italian, Mediterranean, Persian, Greek, and Indian. In my opinion they'd be better off with a more focused menu, but I guess they have to do what they can to attract the most customers. They even have a kid's menu with all the typical kid stuff. 

Service was decent and prices were ok. The interior looks a little dated but it was comfortable enough.
I used to eat here as a child but lost touch with the location for about ten years.  I vaguely remembered a dish that I ordered as a kid at "some Mediterranean restaurant" and asked my father about it.  He told me to head to Paymon's and I did, ordering the pomegranate fesenjan and turkish coffee just as we used to.  And...it lived up to my childhood memories.  Once again, I am addicted to fesenjan.  Good for the soul, bad for my budget.
Love the fries
Traditional Greek and Mediterranean restaurant that offers a decent selection of traditional veggie items. The food is very good and very dependable and the service is generally very friendly.
The best Persian Style food and hookah I've ever had :) Love it :D The music was awesome :)
I came here 2 times and I will come back every time I came to Las Vegas :D I love the Koobideh :D
I've never had a bad experience here.  When I lived in Vegas I was here quite often with friends in both the restaurant and the hookah lounge.  Now that I no longer live in Vegas, I truly long for Paymon's.  My favorites:  The curry chicken, the bruschetta salad, the hookah & the baklava.  Whenever I am in Vegas, pretty much every meal is eaten at Paymon's.  Definitely TOP NOTCH!
Great service, love the Gyro and Athens Fries
This was my second time coming here and I wish I could give it a 4 or 5 but what stops me is that the service was SLOW...given that it is Valentines Day but our server did not greet us until 10-15 minutes after sitting down.  Then she failed to check on us throughout the meal, had to ask about refilling our drinks ...

Oh well, onto the food: the lamp kabobs were ordered medium but it came in overdone.  The boyfriend did not enjoy. 

I hope my next visit will be better... Will try the hookah lounge.
Got the gyros platter ($10.95 with gyros meat, rice, salad). Substituted the rice for fries which were really good. Salad was also good. The gyro meat however was bland, lukewarm and soft rather than crisp on the edges. They give you a ton of meat though, but no pita. All in all I'd give the food 3.5 stars. 

However the service was horrible. Our waiter didn't acknowledge us after taking our order even though he looked right at our table whenever he passed. We weren't offered refills until we we were completely finished with the meal. And no one wanted to give us our check. The service drops this place down to 2 stars.
Save your money.  Took my girlfriend for her birthday and so noted when making the reservation.  No special dessert offered as is customary at every other place.  Worse, food tasted as it was prepared in advance and was just heated.  Asked for owner who was not there.  Nice waiter but when confronted before leaving, his only response was sorry.  Cashier also told about the problem and she with the personality of a snail, said I should have told waiter (in front of my GF?).  Will not return.
I usually end up at Paymon's with my buddy, Matt G.  He always picks this place when we share a meal.  He did it again for his birthday, but I never say no because I love the spanakopita here as well as the Athens (crack) fries.  Tonight I needed more protein so I tried the steak kabob and that was delicious, but I still had to take part of it home because of the crack fries.  I think Paymon's Athens fries are the best thing ever, which is not a good thing for my arteries, but once in a while I do indulge.  Everything I've had here is good and we never have to wait for a table.  It's a reliable go-to for good food and good service.
PS--They have baklava, my fave!
Athens fries and a Gyro salad. Yummy yummy in my tummy
me and the wife's fav spot..usually we come during happy hour, smoke a few bowls with some hookah wings and domas. The service can vary on who you have, but Jenny always takes care of us! good environment, always clean and comfortable.
The food can be pretty decent but a few of the chicken dishes really lack seasoning, which some people like. I live like a block away from the Summerlin location and I order from there a lot, out of convenience. I recommend the food for the most part. It's a 6.5 out of a 10 on a good day.

If you want a good hookah experience, go to an authentic Middle Eastern place, these guys think that a hookah is when you slap some tobacco on a water pipe-it's just not that great and a bit grainy, but it's good for anyone who doesn't have or care for high hookah standards. It's a 3 out of 10. 

The lounge service is the WORST of the WORST in Las Vegas - the worst. If you are hanging out and/or eating here, expect to be ignored, with a bunch of dirty plates on your table all night, wait 20 min for a beer, good luck getting a water, they are clueless about the menu and everyone is incapable of even saying a proper hello. You will never see the management around and especially won't see them taking any interest in patrons. I'm very easy going but their service is just unbelievable. It's 0 out of 1,000. Lost cause and reason for the 1 star.
I went with 4 girlfriends and we sat in the lounge. We ordered several combo platters and entrays as well as a hook and cocktails. The food was good but the service was rediculasly horrible. It took forever to get a drink and forget about water or even getting an extra napkin. There was 1 (yes you read correctly 1) waitress/ bar tender for the whole lounge on. Which wasn't terribly crowed but not empty either.  I ended up busing our table after having it be full of dirty dishes for over a half an hour. Can't say I would recommend this place or be back my self and the only reason I gave it two stars was the food was acceptable.
I went to the Hookah lounge last night (Tuesday, May 14) with a friend. Tuesdays they have all-day happy hour in the lounge (which means half-price hookah, drinks, and some appetizers)! It gets a bit crowded which may not be for everyone, but I think it makes for a more fun vibe. They tend to start playing electronic music later in the night on Tuesdays as well (I have heard they also do this on weekends).

I give them four stars mainly for overall atmosphere in the lounge and selection of the hookahs. They have a huge assortment of hookah flavors - at least 25 that you can mix and match, and you can also choose liquids other than water for the bottom of the hookah. My only complaints are that the hookahs take phenomenally long to come out (I can never understand why this part takes so long - the drinks and even the food arrives before the hookah!) and they won't refill coals - you just have to order a new hookah flavor. But, the music is good and the seating is comfortable, so the wait doesn't bother me enough to stop going.

The food is good, but not exceptional. It's decent middle eastern food for Las Vegas, but like I said, if it weren't for the great vibe in the hookah lounge, I wouldn't go for the food alone. The hummus, baba ganoush, and meat dolmas are my favorite appetizers, and the lamb skewers are a great entree. I wouldn't recommend going to this place for dinner, but I would hands-down recommend going to have a fun night smoking hookah and grabbing some drinks with friends.
I read some of the negative reviews and I'm convinced they must have had an off night. The service was excellent. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed, and the food was phenomenal!
I'm so happy to have found this place! They have several vegan options on the menu, including the AMAZING Falamus Pita. The servers are friendly and well informed about what items are vegan. I highly recommend their special spiced fries minus the sauce, which I think is made with mayonnaise. Delicious!
I go to lunch here a few times a month.  Very filling salads and great pita.  I like the Mango iced tea too.  If I go on the weekend or after work, they have an interesting selection of European beers.
1.5 stars, actually.  

Cafe:
It was quite a late dinner and the cafe portion was pretty empty.  We got a pretty quick and good service.

Food: 
Athens fries didn't really work for me.  It was good, but seasoning was bit too much for my taste.  
Beef kabob was overcooked.
Fesenjan was tasty but on the sweeter side.  
Overall, food was ok.  

Hookah lounge:
The worst of the hookah lounges I've been to.  The waiter, despite repeated requests to replace the coal never did.  He looked at the container that housed coal, blew into it and left.
Service blows here. Not sure if its because its late, but they only have 1 server for the entire restaurant. They don't have any pasta after 9p, the waiter asked what we wanted and we asked for a minute, he never came back! 10 min later I chased him down across the restaurant and ordered. He brought out our appetizer and after we finished, he passed by 3 times and a buser 2 times. No one came to pick up the plate. The main food took forever. It's ridiculous.
Horrible service, hookah blows, cocktails are terrible and outdated... Plus they have a dress code when their own waitresses wear tie dye wife beaters.
About to eat my favorite...koobideh, hmmmmm

I love Paymon's, Ive been coming here for a while now and pretty much always order the same thing, whether it be the Gyro, the Koobideh or the gyro salad but what is a must, would be the Athens fries, hmmmm.
I love this place.  I have been visiting this site for years but started at the Maryland Parkway location.  Both very good.

My hubby and I usually split an order of hummus and it is excellent with their warm bread.  We usually order the same gyros or chicken kabobs but this last time, I had a chicken panini with roasted red pepper and spinach and it was DELICIOUS.  My hubby had a taste and we are now both hooked.  We've never had a bad meal at either location and if you love tropical iced tea, this is the place for you.
This is another place that the company eclipsed the food, IMO...Wifey and I split the Lamb Burger and Athens Fries which seems to be a favorite among lots of reviews.

I also ordered a Falafel gyro because I haven't had a good Falafel in a while. Don't know if the size of our party was a concern, but when our food arrived, it looked good, but sadly, the taste fell short. The burger itself was pretty good, but the bun was pretty hard, a sign of it being toasted WAY ahead of time. Same with the Falafel, it had a thicker than usual crispy shell(little too long in the fryer?) and was just okay.

The Fat Greek serves up a much tastier Falafel Gyro, as well as the ones at Amena.
You want "crack" Fries? Head down to Greek Bistro in Henderson and taste them for yourself...ALOHA!!!
Woah! I thought we would take a chance once more and what a disappointment. Again, we ordered our favorites, chicken curry and hot dolma (to go). One curry was ordered extra hot and the other medium. What we received was the regular curry with a douche of cayenne pepper. It was hot and only hot, no flavor. My medium curry was flavored with a long hair in it. The dolma was a huge disappointment. The leafs were not tightly wrapped, swimming in the tomato sauce with a wilted lemon and it was also flavored with hair. I hate to say it, but they have made their choice to ignore the restaurant and focus on the lounge.... so long to Paymons!!!
I came to try the Athens Fries.  The Athens fries are seasoned fries.  They were OK.
Had the gyros sandwich and Athens fries which were great. I also tried a couple appetizers which were awesome. I just forgot the names of the dishes. One was a pita with cucumber sauce and paprika and the other was a hot plate of sizzling cheese. It was very good. Service was great too.
I didn't dine in, so I can't rate this restaurant based on their service, only their food which I took to go late at night.

The server who took my order was lovely, and provided me with one of their late night menus which is more limited and doesn't provide any pasta options. Just fine with me, I came in for a salad anyway.

The wait for the food was short, and it was packaged nicely when I got home. I ordered the Greek salad which came with romaine, red onion, pepperoncini, feta, tomatoes and olives. The olives were quality with the pits still in them, and the pepperoncini were served whole in the salad. The tomatoes you could tell had been refrigerated for a while as they had no taste except to be slightly sour with a mealy texture. The feta was dry and grated which was very strange to me. I prefer a creamier, softer feta, the kind that comes packed in water. I usually associate dry feta with poor quality. The vinaigrette was thin, thank goodness as I hate syrupy dressings, but I still added some red wine vinegar to my salad at home because it lacked the acidity I was looking for.
I also got a side of rice, and it came with white basmati rice topped with some saffron basmati rice. It was decent, but tasted heavily of butter. I can only imagine how much they probably used when steaming/reheating it.

The ambiance here was very pretty and I can see this easily being a nice late night lounge for locals who live nearby. But the food quality was lacking in authenticity for me, and I think I'll stick to my favorites unless I'm in a late night bind.
Paymon's was so good that my kids said it's one of their fave restaurants!  The kebobs were great, the chicken pita is fantastic, and the salads too!  However, 2 items on this menu are mind blowing, the gyro, and the fries!  The fries are in a league of their own in the french fry world, I almost don't order them because I know I will eat way too many, but I always get them anyway!!!
Stopped in here during one of our recent (and annoying) severe thunderstorms for some afternoon lunch. Ordered the Chicken Pita with a side of rice and it was very good. The chicken was cooked just right and the flavors from the tahini and herbs were delicious. The rice added just the right touch and I even threw some in my pita. 

Not much else to say about the place... was my first time and due to the weather it was pretty quiet. Seems like they have a cool little bar area in the back but I did feel like they need to do a little updating of the decor in the main seating area.

I'll be back for the food and hopefully some nicer weather!
The food took a little longer than expected, especially since there was only one other table of customers there at the time. Its a good thing we werent in a rush to be somewhere. The food was excellent!!!! Service was good, Judy was our server and she was very friendly and attentive. Great atmosphere!
$9.99 AYCE PASTA at least that's what it was a few months ago. A few extra dollars and you can add chicken or other meats.  They'll bring you one monstrous plate of pasta first, I was surprised I went for a 2nd and 3rd serving (smaller plates).

Their servings aren't small but they are pretty reasonably priced, cheap if you can go during Happy Hour. They have a pretty awesome Happy Hour of 50% off almost everything from cocktails, bears, food and hookahs which run from 5pm-7pm everyday.  Tuesdays there have a different Happy Hour but run longer 5pm-1am (Best night).

They have a large hookah area separate from their large dinning area, always good.  Great service. A fan of their dcor and atmosphere. Hey why is there a tree in the middle of the dinning area I hope a bird doesn't poop in my food haha, fake trees gotta love them. I heard their Athens fries are good though I still haven't had them but I want them and some kabobs and hummus next.
Two stars for the happy hour food/drink menu... But honestly the worst hookah in Las Vegas. If you don't believe me then go see for yourself. It never hit well, and even after having them change the coals, the bowl, and the base itself, the outcome was still crap (barely any smoke and minimal flavor). I hate to sound so harsh but honestly I've been here four times thinking each time that next time would be better, but I'm done trying. They need to make it so the coals aren't covered...I know there's a liability, but it really destroys the quality of the smoke and flavor when you have the cover on the coals...they're the only place I know of in Vegas that does that.

The decor is nice though :-)
They have good food and service.  Atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.   Prices are reasonable too
We live in Las Vegas and were told men couldn't wear tank tops to smoke hookah. Eh?? We ran across 2 different servers and werent told until we were about to sit down that unless we had a shirt in the car we couldnt sit. Completely ridiculous. We just left and went to another (and better) hookah lounge. If you have dress codes it should be clearly displayed and the staff should let you know before you're about to sit down. 

Definitely will not return!
Great restaurant. I have been a customer there for years. The quality is superb, the prices are great and the food is always fresh. One of my favorite places to eat!
Carolyn Vanzlow
This is the first time I have been to Paymon.... Second time having Greek good in vegas. I have to say this rivals the Greek food I used to get in New York. The falafels were seasoned just the way I like them, the sauce made it slightly sweet and tasted like it had a hint of cinnamon, the sauce went perfect with the falafel. The gyro meat was tender, flavorful and not in the least greasy, it was exactly how it should be. Plus they have a ton of vegetarian and vegan options it seems, I feel all the vegetables we got were quality and deliciously fresh. My boyfriend raved over the Athens fries, they were quite good!
Me and some of my friends went here last weekend to smoke hookah. When we got there the place was crowded as usual, was not our first time coming here. There were 4 of us and we ordered 2 hookahs to share between us. The wait for us to get our hookahs after we ordered them was forever. A good 30 min if not longer. When they finally brought them out to us they were super harsh. They weren't hitting good at all, and to the point where we were choking. We told the guy and he blew it out and it was fine for about 5 minutes and then it was super harsh again and we weren't getting any smoke. We were annoyed and were just gonna get our check and go. We waited for our check for 45 minutes before anyone even came over to check on us. We could have literally walked out without paying and nobody would have even noticed. Finally for our check and then we left. Won't be coming back here anymore.
Came here for lunch and man, the service was slow. The food took forever to be served- almost 30 mins and the chicken was too dry. I'm sorry I had chicken tandoori before and it was not dry.
Nice decor, great service, price was right. Best hummus I've had in long time.  However, Greek salad too dry and little fete cheese. Gyros dry with very little sauce, but more was bought upon request.
Horrible Customer Service!

I called on Wednesday to place an order to-go. The hostess put me on hold for a while. I hanged up and called the second time and was placed on hold again for a while! I hanged up again and called the third time. When the hostess answered, she told me to hold and I told her not to put me on hold. I told her to find someone that can take my order because she was "too busy" to help me. She placed me on hold for the third time and no one ever answered the phone to take my order. I will NEVER eat and order from here again! This is the worst customer service. It takes less than 15 seconds to place an order to go. Shame on you Paymon's!!!!
My friend K and I flew into Vegas for the Rock n Roll Las Vegas events. Seeking a healthy and yummy lunch, K suggested Paymon's. She'd discovered this place when she had a project in LV and I was happy to go along as I love Mediterranean cuisine.

A little ways off the strip, this gem can be found in an unassuming strip mall. The restaurant itself is quite large and it looks like from the doors that they have expanded into adjacent storefronts a few times. I can see why :)

When we arrived for a late lunch, we were quickly seated by a friendly hostess. Our waiter was great--checked in with us regularly and helped us figure out how much to order without over ordering. 

We decided to split a plate because he advised us it was large--it was! The chicken kabob skewer has 10 ounces of meat on it! We also split a side of dips--the babaghanouj and the yogurt dip. The baba was probably the best I've ever had! It comes with a side of white or whole wheat pita. When we ran out, we were offered more pita or sliced veggies (super healthy--love it!)

The chicken kabob plate was perfect for two fit friends to split. With 10 ounces of grilled chicken, we each got ample protein. It also came with a greek salad, roasted red peppers and a great rice dish. We finished most, but not all of the plate--that's how large it was.

Since we were visiting and didn't have a car, we asked our waiter to call a cab and he quickly obliged. When one didn't show up, he checked in, found out the cab company was in the middle of a shift change, and took the initiative to call a second cab company so that we wouldn't have a much more prolonged wait. 

If I lived locally, this would definitely be a place I'd come regularly. Tasty food, good portions and great service--winner in my book!
There hooka is not that good but their happy hour menu is cheap and good. I love the chicken finger, hummus and their calamari. The ambiance is great depending which server u have the service differers. I
Best Mediterranean spot in Vegas! Our server Ben sugested some wonderful dishes and provided excellent service. Highly Recommended!
Never in my life did I think I would be giving 5 stars to a Hookah Lounge of all places! I hate tobacco smoke, and am not fond of middle eastern style food. I TAKE IT ALL BACK!!! WOW!!!
The ambiance and dcor of this place was remarkable. High ceilings, beautiful carpeting on the floors and walls. I for sure felt like I walked into the castle where Aladdin dreamed of living. 
The hookah side was not too smoky and you could eat your food, enjoy your drink, and sit comfortably without being bothered by the other parties. I of course tried the hookah, we had watermelon margarita and it was good considering I don't smoke.
But the real treasure of this place. The food and drinks. Oh man. Ok so first I ordered their version of a cosmo with a sugared rim. Not bad, especially if you get it during happy hour. We had hummus, pesto pizza with red peppers, chicken masala, lamb kabobs, and salmon. 
I would order every single thing again. The lamb was perfectly cooked and the spices were not overwhelming. Same thing with the salmon. I loved that they had Greek and Italian options as well as curry, and other more authentic style Indian Cuisine. Then at the end, I tried the Bloody Mary. NO REGRETS even after being stuffed. The mix was house-made and it was spiced perfectly. My mouth literally waters for one as I type. 
I cant wait to go back, I probably wont hookah, but I will enjoy plenty of decently priced food and drinks. I hear they get crazy on the weekends, DJ and all.
Fun hookah bar, with a classy atmosphere. The food is, in my opinion not amazing, but it's pretty good, and I come here mostly to smoke and drink and maybe have a little hummus snack. Come here on happy hour between 5-7, ALL hookah, drinks, and some appetizers are 1/2 price. I like this place for larger groups.
Dinner is ok. Lunch, they don't have the same specials like the other location on Maryland. If I had my choice, I'd rather go to the location on Maryland but this one is closer to us. 

Personally, even if the food is ok, I'd rather go to Khourys. Food is much more flavorful and selection is better.
Surprisingly worth the wait! We had to wait an unreasonable amount of time for our food (other people got their orders first even after arriving after us). Our older waitress forgot to refill our soft drinks and just brought water. But she was trying so hard we just couldn't stay mad. Plus, the food was really delicious. 

The decor in the cafe is tacky but nice enough.
This restaurant is simply fabulous!!!! I can eat there everyday.

From,
Rachel
What a disappointment.  Wanted to sit in the hookah lounge but of course they were only sitting people with reservations in the hookah area even though I called ahead of time to see if we would be able to sit in the hookah area. This is the second time. They did this to me. So done with these idiots. I suggest not to go here until they realize the reason they exist is the hookah lounge. The food is only so so.
The food was ok. But definitely not good enough to make up for horrible service.
I love the interior! So much! Very classy and elegant, full of vibrant colors & Mediterranean trinkets & figurines. Service was very good, we were seated right away. It was a busy Sunday night, full of patrons enjoying their wine and food so I knew it was going to be a good dinner.

Ordered the 3-Kabob Combo. Came with Pita, two different rice entree & salad. All delicious & hot & fresh. Server was very attentive and refilled our drinks when needed. Although it was a busy atmosphere, it wasn't too loud or rowdy in there. 

I would definitely come back.
I don't smoke hookah, but came here for their Tuesday happy hour with some friends. We were seated at a very comfy table/booth and there was more than enough room for the four of us. 

It seemed rather busy, but the two waitresses on the floor were on point with their service!  Also the hookah attendant was informative and helped my friends select their flavor with great suggestions on their preferences. 

Again, it was Tuesday Happy Hour. if you ever go here, go for Tuesday Happy Hour!!!!  Our tab for 4 including drinks (we were there for a few rounds) was extremely dirt cheap. Like, UNREAL, out of this world, I can't believe this is Vegas cheap. Check it out!
Hummus was good as always.  Had the lamb burger for lunch. Ordered medium rare got it well done,  good burger just a little bit too much going on with all of the seasonings pepper and other stuff inside.  The fries we by far the best part of the meal.
Food was great and so was the entertainment. The staff was very friendly.
I've never been to the Hookah lounge but the dining area has great decor. Very unique and vibrant. I went to this location at and odd hour on a Monday. It was about 2:30 pm. There was only one girl working the floor, the host stand and answering phones; a bit odd I thought. Doesn't make for great customer service BUT to be fair she did a good job and we never felt ignored or abandoned with empty glasses. 

The food as usual, is good. Their lentil soup and Musakka are my favorite.
I just love Paymon's. They have the best happy hour in town and the food is just delicious! The appetizers on happy hour are not small at all. They're the regular huge size. We can't ever finish everything! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The hookah lounge is so nice!! I went on a Friday  night and they had a small dance floor and a DJ. Very cool ambiance! It's a great place to hang out and enjoy!
Well - two stars for the food and maybe 3-4 for the service. 
I just can't bring myself to give them 3 stars to even it out. 

We came here because it was highly recommended to us by a friend - which I will never trust again. 

The food was...not good. It was a notch below mediocre...

We started off with the combo appetizer platter - the only thing that was good was the dill sauce. Everything else was okay and somewhat bland or over-fried. 

For dinner, we had -

Chicken Curry - Man, I don't know what they use in this curry other than some kind of bland curry and nutmeg. It wasn't even very spicy as I requested. It was so bad, I couldn't even finish my dish...even though I was hungry. 
Also, they use precooked basmati rice...??? I don't understand any restaurant that uses precooked rice. I'm half Asian. I know when rice isn't fresh. I eat that shit every day. 

Lamb, beef and chicken kabobs - same thing. That rice...oh, that rice. And the kabobs were alright. I give them 3 stars. But, they were not that pleasing to the taste buds. 

I don't know. The server was good, but very oddly quiet...like we had to listen in very closely to hear what he was saying. He was prompt though. 

I do not recommend this place. It's outdated and maybe it was good at one time. If so, they've taken a turn for the worst. There are many other places in town that beat out this place, hands down.
Amazing!! Pita and hummus was so good and the chicken pita with fries were amazing. Definitely get the fries and try whatever the sauce is that comes with them! Reasonable prices and really good service. Got sat within 10 minutes on a Saturday night at 6pm without reservations!
OK so lets start with the food, and ill move on to the rest :) 
You have to try: Athens Fries!,Chicken Curry, and Falafel! 
Cons:  There Beef kabob with any plate. 
Also i hate that they dont do substitutions. Every single restaurant substitutes, especially when you are substituting something that is priced lower, than the actual item on the plate. (Ridiculous).
Hookah is good, if you can ask Eddie to make it he is awesome! 
Cons: Extremely stingy on coal!!!!! I mean seriously who does that, i am a very frequent hookah smoker and own several of my own, and we all know how long one charcoal lasts. Instead you have to do a refill and order another one for 10 dollars! 
Dj is great! 
Ambiance is Great! 
Staff is wonderful! They really do have great service!
When in a pinch, and in the mood for Mediterranean- this place will suffice. 
We ate lunch. I had the vegetarian plate, and the hubby had a gyro sandwich. Both plates were generous in portion. The gyro meat was a little processed looking, I doubt it was actually carved by someone other than a factory worker. But they had delicious sauces, and the seasoning was spot on. The hostess seemed annoyed, but we had a super nice server(Lisa?). 
In short: they're pretty alright. Not sure if I'll go back, but if I was taken there I wouldn't run.
I love this Paymons much better than the other one. The staff are fun and attentive and they have great customer service skills. The food is also amazing. I enjoy spending my Saturday night here !!!
I have been coming here for a few years now and the food is pretty good. They have the best Athens fries which are addicting. I usually get the salmon cube kabob which is really good had some other stuff on the menu as well like their panini which  was good as well. Their Moroccan hot tea is really good. Last time I went my friend he ordered the beef shish kabobs which were like gum and regretted that he didn't listen to my advice and not order it maybe it was a off-night! As for the decor I think it's outdated and in need of a makeover!
Come for happy hour, the prices are good for drinks, hookah and food. Fries and martinis - lychee ! Service can be a bit slow when there busy though!
The premier hookah lounge of Las Vegas!  Great food, great hookah, great cust. service, and the ambiance is awesome!  Come lounge and enjoy a smoke!
cozy place, nice ambience and nice music. Their staff is very hospitable, makes me feel at home. I will always come back to these place
The restaurant was recommended by the people at Vapeco next door.  The service was helpful and friendly.  We ordered the fries and appetizer plate.  The fries came highly recommended.

Food was good and filling.  Would definitely go again when in the area.
Paymons is one of my favorite Mediterranean establishments in Vegas! I have never tried the Hookah lounge, so my review is based only on the restaurant side. First off, I have to mention the dcor. I love the way it's decorated, and I think that it adds to the ambiance of the establishment. 

The menu is quite extensive with your typical Mediterranean offerings with some Italian and Indian thrown in. I usually get one of the kabob platters. The meat is high quality and the portions are very large, I usually end up taking about half home. They not only give you normal rice typically seen at a Greek or Persian restaurant, but another dark colored spice rice, which is my favorite!

I believe they do 25% off for locals on Wednesdays. It gets a little busy, but nothing unreasonable.
This is a restaurant with a variety of well-done ethnic dishes including Greek, Italian, Indian and vegetarian.  I like the combination plate and the lamb kabobs.  Great hummus, gyros, lamb burgers, falafel, curry dishes, pita bread, pasta, fries and grape leaves.  The service can be inconsistent.  They have a great tea selection including Moroccan mint and a chai tea.  On Wednesday you get a big discount for locals night.  This restaurant has been around for a while and is consistent.
I absolutely LOVE this hookah lounge..
My dear friend took me here late evening to smoke hookah & I immediately fell in love with the sexy ambiance. The rich mediterranean decor, dim warm lighting, smooth sexy lounge music, & great hookah flavors had me in a trance. 
Can't wait to go back again...tomorrow;)
Good service and delicious food, the best thing in this place that you can have Indian,  Arabian and Italian food at the same place,  the waiter was very nice to us....recommended
Tonight, I tried the turkey panini.  OMG....it was so delicious. The orzo salad that came with it was perfectly complimentary with the panini.  I don't care of you come here and always order the same thing, try this once.   You'll thank me.
Everytime I go to Vegas I make sure that I make a trip to this lounge.  The ambience is very nice and the setting is very chique. I love how the owner has been innovative enough to come up with his own spices. He also makes sure a live dj us always playing.  This is something I havnt seen in many hooka lounges. Food is dead on and very healthy... something that I care about. Only criticism I have is for Vegas, this place closes too early at 1am! Check this place out next time u are in Vegas.
I must apologize for my harshness; however, our overall experience was worthy of a critical review. 
  1.  Our server recommended the most popular dish, *the green curry*, he said it was also the staff favorite; it turned out to be the most flavorless curry I'd ever tasted in my life!  My previous reviews clearly reflect a developed taste for Indian, Thai, and Japanese Curries; this was by far the most flavorless and least impressive curry (if I dare call it curry). The chicken was chewy, as in cheap quality and/or a fast boil and flavorless...wasn't cooked in a tandoori, that's for sure.  
 2.  My falafel were small and burnt to a crisp; however flavorful. The spanakopita that my wife ordered tasted like flavorless eggs; how can feta cheese and spinach taste bland?  
 3.  How does a restaurant with so many reviews and such high ratings manage to serve food like this?  You can tell that there was no love or time put into our dishes; the chicken tasted like it was prepared minutes before (Chewy as hell), the curry sat under the heat lamps (the surface of the curry sauce was wrinkled and dry) and was insanely flavorless, and my dolmas were loaded with a dry type of meat, no rice, and largely tasted like grape leaves.

-Environment on dining side was okay.  I feel like the owners were trying to hard to decorate the interior like something vaguely resembling a Mediterranean restaurant.  
-Price:  totally isn't worth it.  I would be more comfortable buying some good store-bought hummus, pita, and a roasted chicken for $8.99 @ Whole Foods.


- We aren't coming back here.
Amazing food, unbelievable ambiance. Keep up the good work! Compliments to the Chef!
Wow I am so impressed at this restaurant. The manger and owner Cathy is courteous and kind. The food is fantastic and in a good big size. One of the few restaurants in Vegas that I can recommend to any one.!
this place was absolutely cool.  Came in to do a little hookah with some friends.  Had some drinks and food, prices were amazing.  I guess they have a late night happy hour because it was around 11pm on a Tuesday.  There was a nice amount of people cool cozy decor and furniture.  The food dishes were about $5 and descent portions, 12 hookah wings, 4-5 Moazarella sticks, Lychee martini was bomb and I had a custom chocolate cake martini which was very tasty.  Mymy our server was amazing I will definitely come back.
Just driving around, looking for something different to eat. Saw the sign and wandered in. Paymon's could best be described as a middle-Eastern-fusion place, no that doesn't quite describe it. First of all the interior is breathtakingly beautiful; and the ambience is matched by the food. They have Greek, Italian, Indian, and Persian dishes (in alphabetical order), and sandwiches, all very reasonably priced. We started with a combination of dips and pita bread: hummus and yogurt-cucumber (actually tzatziki but who can pronounce that?). Next was the lentil soup with melted feta cheese. One of us had Tandoori chicken and the other had chicken curry, both out of this world.

Now an aside. There were two Las Vegas Metro Police officers seated adjacent to us, and that day was the day they buried one of two officers who, a week earlier, had both been shot in the head and killed while dining in a restaurant. Now the Las Vegas cops are awesome for what they do every day, but I can't imagine how it must feel to sit down for a restaurant meal, after that incident, not knowing if there's some other nutcase who's going to walk through the door and open fire on you. Of course, the fact that cops eat at Paymon's is a recommendation in itself.

I can't wait to get back to Paymon's and check out the rest of the menu, or maybe I'll order the Tandoori chicken the next dozen times. You really owe it to yourself to try this place, it's every bit as good as those fancy Las Vegas Strip hotel restaurants that bear the names of famous chefs who never visit.

Hookah lounge, sealed off from the restaurant (untried). Open 11 AM-1 AM every day, take-out until 8 PM. Cocktails. Credit cards.
1 star for the food, 2 stars for the atmosphere and service. 

The meat in the gyro I got was kind of chewy and not very fresh, and they piled all the lettuce and veggies at the bottom half of the pocket pita and the meat on the top.  Obviously that detracted from my gyro eating experience.  This pretty much sums up my feelings about that: 

https://medium.com/@luckyshirt/dear-guy-who-just-made-my-burrito-fd08c0babb57

The fries were okay, not blow my mind amazing....just really seasoned...

Overall, overpriced and kind of meh. 

I'd prefer to go Yassous, the food is way fresher there, the portions and value is better.
We stopped here for something different.  I had looked at the menu online and decided on the kebab trio--a dinner with koobideh, chicken, and lamb kebabs.  Served with the meal are vermicelli pilaf, basmati rice, a house salad, and grilled tomato and red pepper.

I started my meal with a cup of their summer soup available for a limited time.  It's a cucumber yogurt cold soup with walnut pieces and golden raisins for a touch of sweetness.  The soup was topped with some croutons and garnished with a sprig of mint.  It was excellent!  Very different and very refreshing.

For the main course, the kebab trio was perfect for the two of us.  My wife does not like lamb.  By sharing the trio, I was able to have some lamb while she stuck with chicken and koobideh.  Of the three, the koobideh was the star of the dish.  The lamb was cooked too much--I had requested rare and it was more on the medium side.  It was also a bit tough.  The chicken was OK but there wasn't much spice to it.  The koobideh, on the other hand, was done medium rare as I asked and it was flavorful and very enjoyable.

For dessert, my wife got the rice pudding (it was very good), and I got an order of baklava--also very good.

Service was not the best.  We waited at the podium for about 5 minutes before anyone came to seat us.  My iced tea wasn't refilled in a timely manner and even though there were only a few other diners in the room, our server seemed to disappear for long periods of time only checking back with us once near the end of our dinner.  I also thought it was a bit tacky to take the dessert order, enter it into a nearby terminal, and then put the bill on the table before clearing the dishes and well before dessert was brought.  Bad form.

If I decide to come back, it will be for takeout, but with other choices in the area for Mediterranean food, I probably will go elsewhere.
I didn't want to come back here because of our last experience, but there aren't good Mediterranean Restaurants within a 10 mile perimeter of out zip code.  The waiter brought out our order (The same guy that made the terrible recommendations our last visit) with his finger in my hummus and my wife's soup was a hot soup (she ordered the cold soup). 

-My hummus was just okay and the beets in my wife's salad were softer than al dente, almost jiggled like jello,  and had a metallic-medicine flavor; she didn't finish her salad.  The salad as a whole was a complete joke; a few pieces of lettuce arranged with ridiculously sized chunks of beets, fragment-sized pieces of walnuts, and totally skimped on the goat cheese.  

*This will be the last time I come back.
My wife and I have eaten at Paymon's since we first moved to Las Vegas 10 years ago. We have eaten at both locations, and the food has been consistently good.  My personal favorites are the tandoori chicken, curry chicken, and fesenjan.  My wife loves the gyros and Athens fries, and we both love the hummus and lentil soup. Also recommend the fruit iced tea. Whatever we've ordered, it's always been good.

Occasionally, the service is less than incredible, but most of the time it is very good. We're big fans.
Interesting food. I enjoy hanging out in their hookah lounge. It's reasonably priced and has an awesome ambiance. Sometimes they have a live dj but there's always music and lights. Drinks are good. The only thing is they could possibly come around to tables a little more often. Still a great hangout place!
i crave the Lentil Soup... and they have an incredible Greek Salad.  The kabobs are delicious also... (the red hot sauce is delicious..and is for sale in the restaurant.) YUM!!!  I love the Hookah lounge at the Sahara location..and I love the outdoor courtyard at the Maryland spot. I think they would be more respected if they didn't offer  italian food... keep it "mediterranean..." Just my opinion.  Also... they have delicious iced tea.. their "adult beverages" are pricy, and again...the hookah lounge... well, its pretty fab.
Some of the best Mediterranean food that I had in Vegas.  Good food.  Friendly service...most of the time ;-).  Nice atmosphere.
I really love this place.  If I lived in Vegas, you'd find me here a LOT!  Cheap eats, REALLY outstanding Hummus, and just all around delicious  Mediterranean grub.  More food than you could possibly eat for under $10.  Great grilled food.
Best taboulee ever! But for some reason, I hate their hummos. Amazing, fresh pita bread baked in house!

This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas but the last few times I've been, the only things that haven't disappointed is the bread and taboulee.
Some friends were in town and they wanted to try a new restaurant. We stumbled upon this place and noticed it was voted "Best of Las Vegas" in 2004 and 2007. How can you go wrong with that? We walk in and promptly get seated. I dont recall anything out of the ordinary in regards to the Middle Eastern ambience. On to the menu... We give it a look over and before we can even order, they give us some complimentary Ftayir, which is Lebanese bread. It was warm and tasty.

Our party ordered the following:

Most Popular Dish - Frarej - Half of a chicken baked with potatoes and ripe tomatoes, baked together so that the juices and flavors from the chicken and vegetables permeate each other, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice.

Shawarma Plate - Beef grilled with tomatoes and seasoned onions, and served with Lebanese tarator sauce and a generous bowl of Lebanese rice.

Shish Kabob Combo - Lamb, Shrimp, Beef Kabob, tender and succulent cubed and charbroiled with fresh seasonal vegetables laid on a bed of Lebanese rice topped with seasoned onions.

The best out of the three was definitely the Beef Shawarma Plate. The chicken seemed a little dry and the shish kabob combo was good... but not excellent.

I'll answer my two favorite food questions, which I always ask:

Would you order that dish again? Yes. Shawarma. Excellent.
Would you eat here again? Maybe/Yes. It's not on my top 20 places to eat when were throwing restaurant names around, but if someone else wanted to eat here, I would probably go with them.

And of course, I added some pictures to stimulate your taste sense.
Great place! If you are craving freshly cooked, healthy and flavorful cuisine, Hedary's is the place to go. Their Mediterranean cuisine is full of flavor and deliciousness! I especially love their lunch specials--great prices for quality, fresh ingredients and food. Everything that I tried here from Greek and Fatoush salads to gyros, hummus and fish has been great. Very healthy! Take out service is quick and efficient. Bread is freshly baked. Hedary's is definitely becoming one of my favorite restaurants in town!
Simply put- this is easily in the top tier of Vegas off strip restaurants. And easily the best Mediterranean place in town. 

Let's take a lunch tour, shall we? The place is relatively small, more intimate and chummy than crowded. The decor is busy without being tacky. And the hostesses are pleasant, cute, and attentive though busy. They seemed to work very efficiently. 

The menu is varied and has just enough without being overwhelming. This has a definite Lebanese tilt and is refreshing from the oh-so-typical-Greek lean you might normally get. 

The in house flat bread was puffy, yet firm, and very fresh. It went well with the hummus and baba ganoush. I preferred the hummus as it was tinged with spices and just about perfect. Though my lunch mate said the same for the baba gonoush- smooth and not chunky was the exact description. 

The first plate was the Sujuk, the spicy beef sausage, that along with the fresh onions, was soaking in a beef sauce that tasted and smelled divine. An example of the quality was that the rice could have been a dish in itself. Occasionally rice is an afterthought on some plates, but here there is no lack of being cooked perfectly and tasting freshly of herbs. 

The other plate we had was the Kibbi, huge ground meatballs filled with pine nuts and cracked wheat. It fell apart under a fork. Juicy and tender with a mint? yogurt sauce for that hint of tang. All the portions were generous and looked absolutely lovely. 

Service was good for as busy as they get. No rushing or fussing or messing with you while you're eating. Just browsing the menu after tasting the dishes I had, made me mentally formulate a number of future dinners. Lunch is a great value. And the dinner prices are very reasonable as well. 

So for those in the know, go to Hedary's and you'll be hooked.
His food is good and the service is descent, but his prices make me fall short of 5 stars.  Very good food and I recomend the vegi maza, has a little bit of everything.  I don't care for the Kibbeh, he uses beef instead of lamb.  Anyways he has an excellent variety of Lebanese, Greek and some Italiam  dishes, although I imigaine everyone is there for the Lebanese food.  Hummus is very good and his babaganouj is some of the best I have had.  I also had his lambshank, which was very good but wayyyy to expensive for the size.  If you don't mind paying a little extra for food then I would say this place is about the best you will find in las vegas for Lebanese food.  I love the fact that this guy makes his own bread!  Yummy, but it kind of sucks because he is always yelling at his kitchen employees and you can hear it while you eat, but hey maybe thats why his food is soo good.  I would recomend it to anyone.
Using Yelp! for the first time, I opened up a Talk requesting suggestions for a good Lebanese - Falafel/Shawarma - restaurant. Out of 3 suggested, we opted to go for the Off-Strip (practically at the edge of town just off Sahara Avenue) since a suggestion was Yelp!ed while at the restaurant.

Hedary's is located in a strip-mall just off the main road. As we parked, we were a bit apprehensive on the quality, since it was pretty much way out of main town area and it's location.

Pleasantly surprised as we walked in. Typically 'bistro' sort of environment. Cosy, warm, intimate, not imposing nor overwhelming.

We, unfortunately, got the table immediately to the right of the door. In direct impact of the cold air each time the door was opened. (This is the reason of 4 stars instead of 5 - Owner needs to do something about the cold draught of air)

Amongst use we ordered:
Filafil (Falafel ) Sandwich - wrapped in Pitta/Lebanese Bread
Filafil (Falafel) Plate - assemble your own 'sandwich' - comes with appetizer - we ordered Baba Ghanoush.
Lamb Shawarma.

The Pitta or Lebanese Bread was just wonderful. That and and a table portion appetizer of Hummus or Baba Ghanoush can make a nice light lunch!

The Shawarma was great. 'Juicy' was the adjective being bandied about.

We followed that with a single portion of Baklava. Wonderful. The only other time I have had Baklava this good was back in UK - in a Turkish Restaurant. Warm, crunchy, sweet - perhaps a tad extra rose flavor, but not something I can complain about.

All in all a wonderful experience and definitely a place to visit again before we leave Vegas and one that can be recommended in a snap.

Only realized after the meal, while complimenting the waitress and the owner that Hedary's has received 'Best of Vegas' for 2 years. Not surprised at all. 

We are: Indians (as in Bombay) 
From: Georgia
Here for: Vacation
For those of you that rated Hedary's highly, thanks for the tip. We are visiting from Minnesota and came here based on your review. We were not disappointed. We eat Lebanese in many cities in the US and Canada. This was amongst the best. Very flavorful. We had the mezzanine platter. That was well worth the price. Tabbouleh is some of the best I have ever had.
"It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! "

My husband, a friend, and I went to Hedary's. My husband had been taken there by this friend of ours before, and he raved about the food. 
We were all excited to go have a good meal together. The place has some good reviews, and I like middle eastern food from time to time, and have had a great deal of it over the years living in New York City. 

We got there, ordered a good mix of dishes and I asked for a Turkish Coffee, one of my favorites.
We were enjoying the meal, and the coffee came served in one of those Turkish coffee things. I was drinking my coffee, and I saw a coffee bean floating around in it, I thought nothing of it and grabbed a spoon to pluck it out. It was not a coffee bean. It was a roach. Cooked in with the coffee! EWWWWWW!
I showed it to my husband and our friend, who was a regular there, and they were both mortified. We asked waitress to come over and I said quietly "excuse me, but I think we have a problem here" she glanced at the roach on my spoon and said "oh sorry, we can get you another coffee on the house if you like". Another Coffee on the house? If I like? Are you kidding me? I would expect them to apologize profusely, have the manager come over and offer a comped meal. Nope. Nothing.  As though it happens all the time.
As I sat in shock and disbelief, and watched my friends eat their food, with extra care and attention, I looked over at the wall, and what did I see but more bugs dead on the wall!. I just wanted to run outta there.
Its sad because this place is supposed to have great food, but if the staff acts like this thing happens all the time, and is all casual about something like this, who knows???!!!


The messed up thing is we told our friend the exterminator that he should give this place a call to give them a good spraying, and Hedary's turned him down! Like they didn't have a problem.

Yuk
I REALLY like this place! It is a great lunch spot and the hummus ROCKS. I like the sausage dishes the best and have not expanded my choices. But my dining companions always seem to enjoy whatever they order from the menu as well. It is a bit chilly in there sometimes, but well worth going to. Since things are made on the spot it can take a bit of time to get your order....but it is worth every bite!
Great Lebanese! They have several hearty lunch options for under $10, each served with your choice of appetizer. Today I had kafta kabob served with rice and hummus on the side. The fresh baked bread is amazing.
This is my favorite Mediterranean restaurant. What you'll find here is real Lebanese food, with standout lebni (soft cheese for dipping), kafta (skewered burger) and big pillows of hot pita.

I go for the kibbi, because practically no one in town makes it, and nobody makes it like this. Kibbi is a shell of bulghur, lamb and spices encasing a filling of meat, onion, pine nuts and spices. It's a labor-intensive dish (I know...I've tried) and this is made with love. Served on a bed of fragrant pilaf and a yogurt dipping sauce, I'm in lamb-y, happy kibbi heaven every time I have it.

Finish with the rice pudding. Seriously. It's wondrous.

Everyone that says to call ahead is right. You take your chances when you just show up. But when you call ahead and get a machine, you can pretty much bet they're not open. Call twice just to be safe.
This place is amazing.  If I had a chef for each day of the week it would be Mr. Hedary.  The service is always great and the place is easy to get in and out of.  I agree you should call first because as with most artists the hours of operations can change on a moments notice.
The hummus alone is worth visiting this cozy little restaurant. I had lunch with a friend here today and discovered a new place not far from work to lunch. We shared the dolmas, cheesy flat bread and some hummus. We couldn't eat it all of course but it was fun trying. It was all tasty. The dolmas was soft and moist with the nice contrast of the bitter grape leaves. The cheesy flat bread was delicious! The hummus had a really nice garlic kick to it with pickles and beats on top. I would give this place 5 stars if it hadn't taken so long for the waitress to give us our bill. The rest of the time she was attentive, she just forgot about us it once we were done eating. I think I'll just do takeout next time! :)
Nice, small, cute spot. The lunch deals are the steal here. I like the fatoosh, tabuli, all the apps, gyros. I'm never dissapointed.
I used to go here very regularly when I lived closer. It's one of the better Mediterranean places in town. This restaurant is just like Khoury's down in the SW part of town (same owner, I believe, and almost identical menus). Khoury's makes their bread better, but no complaints about Hedary's. Every dish I've ever ordered at Hedary's has been good. I've never ordered anything I didn't like, whether one of their sandwiches or entrees.
Well, here's another worthwhile addition to my "Vegas Black Book of  Off-the-Strip Restaurants."

In South Orange County we have Panini Cafe on Pacific Coast Highway in Corona Del Mar; an excellent "kabob" stop. (see my review) And now, in my opinion, I've discovered another "yelp hidden gem"; what many locals in West Vegas already know.

Hedary's is a Middle Eastern restaurant that's faithful to its advertised cuisine. And trust me on this one... as an example, if you're looking for a delicious chicken shish kaboob, at an incredibly reasonable price, then you will definitely be impressed and satisfied here. The chicken is well seasoned, and has a great grilled flavor. Somehow, they impart that charcoal grilled flavor, while using what I believe is a gas grill. For about $14, you get three large skewers of really big chicken chunks, along with sweet grilled onions, red bell peppers and large whole mushrooms. Add a great bed of flavorful browned rice, plus added veggies, and you have enough food for two. And not only is the entree serving super generous, it was as good as that kabob I photographed for my review at Panini Cafe.

Without knowing how huge the servings were at Hedary's, we ordered the Mezza, which is twelve dishes of vegetarian appetizer items; ($24). It's enough to easily feed two, if not three or four, (including falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, prep'd yogurt, various veggies pickled and prepared, and more). Of the two chicken shish kabob entrees we ordered, we could only eat half of the first. We ended up taking much of the mezza, and nearly all of the kabob overage home in an iced cooler. (I was in town on business, and put the overage in our cooler for the trip home the next morning.)

If you want to try a proven "off the strip" restaurant, and you love Mediterranean/Middle Eastern, then you definitely should do Hedary's.
I love this spot, it is right across from my office which of course is how I started going here over the last few years.  The only time I am not happy with this place is when someone calls in sick or the owners go on vacation or some reason they just are shut down and you see a sign on the door!! Oh well no biggie.  Their fatoosh salad is to die for.  It's a large portion too, so you feel full and no meat needed, but added gyro meat is always a plus.  Great fresh ingrediants, I'm never disappointed.  All the normal great things like their hummus, tabulli, hot fresh pita breads.  Shrimp scampi is awesome with their Lebanese rice.  Gyros love them and their fries are sometimes a little soft for me, but still good.
Yummy. Too bad they close Sunday and Monday, otherwise we would have gone back for round two (we went there for dinner Saturday). What made us crave seconds the very next day you ask??? Flavorful baba ganoush. The kabobs were done perfectly (I had lamb, they also have chicken or beef). Usually I stick to one thing on the menu and order it over and over again because I have trust issues and don't want to be disappointed by a restaurant I like. But with Hedary's I want to try everything on their menu and I know every single on on there will meet and exceed my expectations over and over again. Check it out.
This was a random Yelp app find since we needed some dinner and fast. I've heard about it so we thought to give it a go. 

Since it was our first time, we wanted to sample the different meats and decided to grab the meat combination plate which comes with 5 meats: shish kabob, kibbi, kafta, sujuk, and mqaniq on top of a bed of rice ($18.95). Shish kabob was soft and juicy. Kibbi was lovely with the textural crunch of the pinenuts. Sujuk wasnt what I thought it was gonna be (I know it to be spicy dried sausage). It was good though and had some nice spices....I think it had cumin in it. Kafta was good, but it needed a sauce to elevate it...maybe if they serve a little yogurt for this and the kibbi it would be even better. The mqaniq was very interesting. The BF explained that it taste how Jungle Zone (they sell incense) smells. It kinda does....has this flowery kind of spice blend that I have no clue what it is. I happen to like flowers and do eat flowers so I don't see it as a bad thing. I tried to google the name to see what is in it thinking this is a traditional dish but search came out empty.... 

Rice was generous and was more pilaf like with little pieces of noodles and herbs in it. Pita bread was fresh out of the oven and soft. 

We also grabbed the Lebanese sandwich. The beef was juicy and it was spiced with a nutmeg and cinnamon it seems. I've had  lahm bin ajeen before but it was lamb and had a bit different spices than this. Still this is  a good variation. It's served with "fried potatoes". They're fries with the skin on and instead of eating it as is, I mixed them with the rice (almost like eating Peruvian  lomo saltados). 

Service was alright. Our drinks were filled without asking. One hitch though- we were sitting there after they cleared our plates and they just handed us our check. We actually wanted to order dessert since I saw they have shiabet, but they never said a word to us, "like anything else?" before closing us out. They were cleaning so I figured that they just want us and the other table to leave so they can go home earlier. It was minor since we did enjoy our food, but it's still kinda rude to do to your customer.
Great lebianese place. Try their lebianese sausage.
One of my favorites around town. If you want a safe bet on good food, come here. They never let you down. 

The service is somewhat abrupt, but they get the job done and are always generous with the refills of drinks and pita bread. The servings are plentiful and delicious. I have pretty much had everything on the menu and I like it all. Some of the my favorites are the lamb schwarma sandwich, game hen, frarej (baked chicken in lemon & garlic juice) and the loubieh to start your meal off right. I also really enjoy their salads. They have lots of fresh ingredients the dressings are divine. If you get any of the sandwiches I recommend the fries. They have a great flavor and just the right crispy to soft ratio. If you're a fry lover like I am, you'll understand the importance of this.

This place is fantastic. I'll be back soon (as always).
One of the better Mediterranean restaurants in town.
The bread and hummus were excellent. My kids had the shawarma sandwich "lamb" and the shawarma plate and they were very good according to them. My wife had the beef shish kabob, very good also and not dry, the grilled veggies that came with it were also very good. I have had the kafta and frarej, both were very tasty. For dessert we had the shabiet, between the four of us we shared one order because we were all full and it was an excellent finish to our meal.
I came here as soon as I read Misti's review as she is quite the falafel connoisseur.  

The falafel was decent but I've yet to find one in LV that is awesome.  The sandwich was dressed really well with a ton of veggies and the homemade pita was awesome.  I could've also eaten a 1.2 lb of their hummus...really well made.  Got an order of the magdoos which were 3 baby eggplants stuffed with walnuts and garlic and those were great too.

I couldn't help but notice other customers dishes as I was waiting for my to go order.    Sizzling skillets of meat arriving at multiple tables ala fajita style and they looked amazing.  I'm all over this the next time I'm here.  

3.42876 stars with solid 4 star potential on the next trip.
Not only was this my first time at Hedary's before, this was the first time I had eaten Lebanese cuisine and I was very impressed. I went there on a lunch date and we both found it pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful. The Baba Ganoosh was excellent. I had Kafta and my date had Falafil. Both entrees were delicious and the portions were large, even for the lunch menu. The pita bread was hot and fresh out of the oven. To sum Hedary's up: great food, friendly service, and reasonably priced. I will definately be returning!
The best places in Vegas are definitely NOT in any of the hotel/casinos and Hedary's is a prime example. Located WELL off the strip in a modest, unassuming strip mall is the best Mediterranean food I think I have ever had.

For starters, their pita bread is to die for. Easily the best I have ever had, by far. It's served hot and puffed up and it just absolutely incredible. You will definitely be ordering an additional basket of it.

The night we were there they had an appetizer special of Lebanese Halloume Cheese. OMG it was amazing!! It comes to the table flaming and the plate presentation is fantastic. After blowing out the flame I tasted the most incredible cheese dish I have ever had. 

I also had the Lebanese sausage that was recommended by other yelpers and it was great. Very spicy but flavorfully spicy, not just hot for hot's sake.

The hummus was great as was everything else. I will say I've had better gyro before but that doesn't mean the gyro at Hedary's wasn't good, just not the best. Skip the gyro and get everything else.

The reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is that the service just flat out sucked. We went with a couple of friends who said the service always sucks. In fact they said that they usually order their food togo cause the service is so bad. I'll deal with poor service for food this good though and I wouldn't let that keep you from going , especially if you like good Mediterranean food.
The only flaw this restaurant has is that they are missing a "frequent eater package." Buy 5 eat one free for lunch like the Vietnamese Sandwiches. What am I saying, this place's lunch menu is a steal! The lunch items are about $10 bucks plus a free appetizer. The portions are ginormous considering it's lunch. 9 times out of ten, I order the game hen with lentil soup. The other time I order the frorej half-roasted chicken.  Both poultry items come out on top of a sizzling iron plate with roasted carrots, potatoes and onions.  I really love watching the hot pita balloons slowly deflate through out my meal. You know that's fresh! 

I eat here at least once a week, but now always to go. Why? The SMOKE! 5 minutes in this restaurant and you will come out smelling like BBQ. Someone please invest in another vent!!! This is why I knock Korean BBQ places. 

4.75 stars minus points for coming out stinky
Now I have ordering down to a science. Please try the Fatoosh salad with lamb or gyro, or what I did last night, lamb AND gyro (what! what!). Get the Mezza if you are feeling peck-ish but not ravished for food, and your table would like to bond via sharing (..is caring)-- you will get like 12 appetizer dishes (includes baba G and hummus and fallafels for all those who dig it)  I thought I hated couscous until I tried theirs. I polished off the plate. Any way, the Mezza is a great deal for only $25. Another entree I would recommend is HUMMUS MA-LAHM w/ gyro. DELICIOUS! Go for the Pellegrino, they don't charge an outrageous price for sparkling water. ENJOY! Don't forget they close Sun and Mon :(
The Lebanese halloume cheese was awesome. It's an appetizer dish with flaming cheese. The shawarma plate was excellent as well. The meat was tender and tasty. However, their service was slow and they ran out of chicken on a Friday night! You could also hear the chef complaining and yelling from the kitchen. Great food, bad service.
Incredible! Checked this place out because of all of the rave reviews and they were spot on!
I had Hedary's last night with the tennis crew yesterday, and I have to say I am so happy I have found a place like this.  It's hard to come by good middle eastern food, especially in Vegas.  And a special thanks to Bobby Y. for asking for a spicier sauce from our waitress.  This is a hidden item that you have to ask for, and it's fantastic!  Put it on anything, it almost takes like a mixture of hummous and chili sauce.  Whatever it is, it's great

Aright I've only had 2 things here and they are fantastic.  If you want to save a little money, stick to the falafel sandwich.  It's one of the best I've ever had.  The falafels are in big portions and so moist.  Perectly topped off with what I want to say is cabbage and pickled vegetables.

Number 2, the baked chicken dish (Frarej).  It's a dinner plate item, and it is great.  It's a juicy chicken crispy on the outside.  Even the vegetables around it were good.  Apparently its their popular dish.

When are we going back??  I heard lunch has the same size portions as dinner except with half the prices.  Is this true??  IS THIS TRUE??!?!
I was in the mood for Hawaiian food and headed over to Island Style, when I park the waiter flipped over the closed sign - bummer the time was only 8:20 on a Friday night! 

Luckily I saw Hedarys on my blackberry app. and headed directly over for dinner. I placed my order - the lamb shish Kabob and before that arrived the waitress brought a basket of hot puffy pita bread - which is the Bomb! See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=kyQQjSKdfwpGZI5rwJMO8Q 

I love lamb, and the lamb kabobs are incredibly delicious, veggies not overly cooked and the rice was yummy. I tried the hummus here and I gotta admit - it was the best I've ever tasted! The hummus at the store really SUCKS, now I've tasted the real thing.

This place is a great find and the prices are moderate. My friendly waitress said they offer lunch specials so I'll definitely be back.
I came back only after a couple of days of having dinner at Hedary's and tried the lunch special - half a baked chicken with potatoes and choice side of hummus. 

The chicken was so yummy - tender with lot's of garlic and seasoning that was so flavorful. I devoured the two pitas brought to me with the hummus! 

So good, I'll be definitely be a regular at Hedary's!
This place is proof that some of the best food in Vegas is off the strip.

I came here with 3 of my friends on a Saturday night at around 21:00 and the place was almost empty.  I was a little surprised but it worked out for us as we were hoping for a quiet dinner.  

We started with feta cheese with olives and the falafil appetizer.  The 1st was really good.  Good quality feta cheese and good quality olives.  A solid 4.  I think I could have just eaten the cheese and olives with the bread they bring.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot about the pita bread.  It comes out pipping hot like it was just baked-which it might have been.  Some of the better pita bread I've ever had.  Never had it this hot before.  Was absolutely a perfect compliment to the cheese.  The falafil was a little disappointing.  I felt the falafils were too dense.  I love falafils but feel a successful falafil is light with a lot of taste.  A 2 that I wouldn't order and am glad I didn't get the plate.

Our three entrees were the Greek salad, the chicken kabob, the stuffed grape leaves and the tilapia.  The salad wasn't bad-pretty typical scoring a 3.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly but could have used more seasoning though with enough lemon squeezed on top came out pretty well, a 3.5.  The chicken kabob was excellent.  I think the best dish we ordered, a solid 4.  And my dish was the grape leaves which I adore.  They came with a lot of meat inside.  I wasn't expecting so much meat (ground beef I'm sure) and in fact this is was the most meat I've ever had served in my grape leaves.  They weren't bad but I think the vegetarian version of this dish would have tasted better.  A 3.5.  

And I got the tamarind drink which was great.  Ordered a 2nd one.  The whole tab was about $120.  So I'll lean on the 4 star as the food was good enough that made me want to go back and try other things and foods.
Good place for Vegetarians, they have a bountiful vegetarian course with many plates offering every type of salad, vegetable, yogurt and cheese dish you could imagine. All are very fresh and will feed at least 2-3 people. The chicken shwarma is pretty amazing as well.
I suppose this place as aiight.

Me and my friend shared a plate of the meat combo entree and the grape leaf appetizers. It was definitely enough to fill us. Ended up paying $17 per person not including tip.

Overall I wasn't too impressed with the place. The decor was whatever. The service was really bad and ......Russian?? Who worked here who was from the Mediterranean really?

I probably would not come back. It was just so moderate on every level. If this is the best Vegas has got, then everyone ought to raise their standards.
This place is off the chain.  The food is fantastic, all of my friends who grew up eating mediterrean food said " It was just like Mom used to make."  This place is a gem!  The staff is hella cool and helpful as well.
Just felt like having Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine for a late lunch.. I searched for the few remaining high ranked restaurants ('Off the strip') that I haven't yet visited and this place showed up as one of them.. Pretty solid at 49 reviews for Vegas and 4 1/2 stars..

Their *50th review*

Compliementary bread basket: came with a Pair of Warm Oven Fresh Pita looking breads. Oh so good! 

(Labeled) "*Most Popular*" - Frarej (Lebanese baked chicken): "Half of a chicken baked with potatoes & ripe tomatoes, basted until golden with olive oil, garlic & lemon juice". If you like garlic and you like lemon then you may find a match made in Heaven's or Hedary's kitchen! Chicken had a nice golden brown skin and meat was juicy and bone lickin' good!! Potatoes and Tomatoes supported the chicken Very Well and the sauce (be careful, sauce came Piping Hot like XXX degrees!) underneath the pan/plate was ready to be licked clean! Super Super Tasty Dish!!! Its like that Neighborhood Grocery - Rotisserie Chicken But with a Crispier skin, Infused with Garlic and Lemon Juice.. 

The Atmosphere was a bit cozy and a little dark (opening their shutter blinds a little more may help). Service was lacking a bit, I think my server was too busy playing "words with friends" on her phone to even bother checking on me.. I got here around 3:40pm and found that if I came by 3:00pm (11-3pm lunch time menu and prices) I would of paid around $13.00 plus a choice of hummus or soup or.. Instead, I ended up paying around $18.00 for the same exact size plate they serve at lunch and without any hummus or soup or.. Big Difference.. Not their fault, Just a Tip for those that don't know. And I think $18.00 was expensive for this chicken dish alone.. However, It was an Easy 5 Star dish for taste! In Conclusion, come here for lunch if possible and hopefully your server is a little more attentive..
The BF and I haven't been back and the last time the food was fresh, great flavors- just stellar food. 

I looked online and saw they have falafel on the menu so off we went to get a sandwich. It was decent. Good crunchy outside and soft inside of the felafel, the veggies were fresh on it (tomato, bellpepper, lettuce, pickle) and the sauce was decent. It was a fresh taste, but it needed some oomph from some hot sauce. Good but not the best felafel in town. Their sandwiches come with fries and it was okay. I would think a mediterranean place would do them more with seasoning and a yogurt dip, but I ended up with ketchup.  

We shared a baklava and for $4.50 it was a decent size square. It came oddly with slices of apples, but that did kinda work with the syrup. Their baklava is more fragrant with rose water than most which I like but the phyllo wasn't crunchy as it was undercooked. 

Service here isn't the most personable. Yes my water was refilled, but there is another dining room and you can clearly see staff sitting there eating, watching TV, etc. When we needed something we have to wait until the waitress decides to come to the room. 

The price on their site and their actual menu has changed from $9.50 to $11.50. As much as it is good and fresh, their hike in dinner prices, specially for a sandwich is pretty high. That wasn't $11.50 worth of sandwich. My favorite felafel in town is $6.  

It is good, but I think maybe for lunch (they do that until 3pm). It seems that a majority of the rave reviews are the lunch crowd. Good food, but not value or service during dinner.
I worked for a Lebanese family for a few years.  I love good Mediterranean food.  Hedary's is some of the best in town.  The food is and easy 5 stars for me...and they have my favorite hot pillow pita bread!

I give it 4 out of 5 because the service can be a little off at times and not very communicative when you are waiting for food or needing something.  They usually get it right in the end, but I tend to feel uneasy too often.
It has taken me a long time to write this review.  This was one of my first favorite restaurant in Las Vegas when we were thinking of moving here a couple of years ago.  I had been and tried everything and loved it. 
Then my wife,  our friend that introduced it to us, and I went together.  The food was great,  we're trying everything.  My wife ordered a Turkish Coffee,  she was drinking it and enjoying it.  All of sudden she got very quiet.  I asked her what was wrong.  She pointed to her coffee cup.  I looked into it,  and thought I saw a coffee bean.  I said so.  She told me to look again,  which I did.  There was a cockroach cooked in the coffee. My wife was nauseated. We called over the waitress, showed it to her, and here is the part that earned the one star, she did not even really react! She just said she will take the price of the coffee off the bill! And then we started really looking around and saw two more dead cockroaches.
I am not saying she should have brought the owner out, told the chef, had him prostrate himself begging his forgiveness or anything. I am not saying she should have offered the entire meal comped. 
I am saying she should have reacted a little, look at least surprised!
This was and is the greatest dining disappointment I have had in Las Vegas yet. I still look for the perfect Middle Eastern restaurant here and have found a few good ones.
Good food but over priced for Vegas. Also has a fast food feel environment.  
Food is very tasty and portions are pretty reasonable though.
I feel like a broken record with the 5 star reviews, but I guess I only feel moved to rate when I love a place.  I ate lunch here yesterday, and I believe that hands down, this is the best Mediterranean food I have ever had.  We ordered the humus for an appetizer, and it was quite good, although if you aren't into garlic, be warned it is heavy on the garlic.  One of my colleagues got the baba ganoosh as his side, and he shared with us.  I liked it more than the hummus, and I liked the radish and pickles served with both the humus and the baba ganoosh, nice touch and tasty.  The pita was totally awesome, fresh, hot, and puffed with air.  It was fun to deflate, tear, and eat with the dips.  Yummy.

I got the lentil soup as my side dish, and enjoyed it quite a bit.  Again, it tasted fresh and was nicely seasoned.  Nice portion, neither so little that you felt you needed more, nor so big it made you too full for your meal.

By this point, I was pleased with my meal, and the service BTW was great, very friendly and helpful without hovering.  But, when the main course came things really started to shine.  I got the kafta, and it was absolutely flawless.  Perfectly spiced, moist and flavorful.  It was two kebabs on a bed of rice pilaf which itself was also perhaps the best I have ever had - buttery yet light, and complimented the beef, onions, and tomato nicely.  I ate the meat with rice and either tomato or onion in each bite, and really enjoyed the chopped purple onion with the meat and rice a lot.  I cleaned my plate, and was satisfied but not stuffed.

Since I had a little room left, we ordered baklava for the three of us, and it was terrific.  Usually, I have been disappointed with baklava, finding it dry or over sweet.  This was flaky and moist with the nuts finely chopped, and just enough honey.  I loved it!

This place is small and homey, with nice background music and friendly service.  It is far from home, but I will be back as soon as I can.  Yum!
We had the gyros sandwiches and the hummus.  The  hummus was very good and attractively presented.  It came with three huge freshly cooked pitas that were puffed to about 5" thick .... Awesome   The gyros had a bit of a different flavor than the Greek version but they were yummy.   At $11 we were a little shocked at the price but they were huge and served with more fries than we could eat.  I'd definitely go back.
From Draegan (who is 9):
"This  restaurant  was the  most  tasteful  restaurant  I  have  ever  eaten  at.    Right   when  I  took  a  bite   my  taste-buds  popped  up  in  joy!! I  couldn't  believe  how  good  their rolled  pizza   was.  If  you  want  to  go  to  a  great  restaurant  go  to  Hedary's  Mediterranean  Restaurant."
Hands down my favorite Mediterranean in Las Vegas.  It has a very relaxing atmosphere with good service.  The food is top notch as well.
I come here for lunch a lot and my take-out/dine in ratio is about 95/5 for the record.   My experiences are limited to their lunch specials.

I really love this place.   My normal order is the Falafel plate lunch special, in which you get 6 lovely balls of fluffy goodness (insert embarrassed smiley here) amongst other things.   The amount of food you get with this and their other lunch specials is insane.   Falafel, some cucumber salad that I always give away because I hate cucumbers, a container of delicious hummus, three pieces (I've had this vary from 2-3) of fantastic pita bread, and your choice of soup or salad in which I ALWAYS get the Lentil soup.   I totally dig that lentil soup even though I'm somewhat ashamed to admit that at 32 years of age I don't really know what lentils are still.   I would advise you to start with the pita bread and dip it into the lentil soup and take a bite.  Then take the same pita, cut up a piece of falafel and put it inside along with some hummus.  Take another bite.   I suppose you could eat this meal in a variety of ways but I cant guarantee the same 5 star experience I have each time.

I've also had the Tilapia special several times, and it's equally as good.  With that one you still get your choice of soup or salad (GET THE SOUP), and then you get a big container chock full of baked potatoes, veggies, and a nice piece of tilapia baked to perfection.   

Service is always great, but that could be helped by the fact that they know me by now when they answer the phone and they have realized that I'm an amazing person.   For the amount of food you get the price is right.
Was not impressed at all, food was subpar
Went here for lunch because I heard the food was great.  We started with hummus and baba ganoosh.  Both were fine, BUT we were distracted by the "chef" screaming and swearing at one of the servers.  Each of three times that she passed by the kitchen window he would stop what he was doing and just berate her.  It was awful.  My 8 year old finally said "is that guy making our food?  It is going to be sprinkled with hate".  My sentiments exactly.  We paid for our drinks and appetizers and left.  I really could not understand how the other patrons could just sit there like everything was okay.
We have eaten here many times, always for supper, and have never been disappointed wiith either the food or the service.  It is our favorite Mediterranean restaurant.  The food is very flavorfull.  We especially enjoy the roasted chicken (frareg), the kafta and the shawarma.  The pita bread is especially good, arriving right out of the oven; it's puffed up and hot - the best such bread that we have ever eaten.  Prices are reasonable.
Good news and bad news. This guy can obviously cook. That's the good news. We arrived early and the place was mostly empty. Server came to the table immediately to  take drink orders and returned several times to see if we wanted to order food. We were catching up with friends so we took our time ordering.

The apps came out in a couple of different waves for family style sharing. All was very good except for the weird pickled eggplant. Nothing on the menu indicated that it would be pickled.

After the apps were delivered we no one came back to the table. We finally flagged a waitress to order a bit more food. That was a big mistake. After taking the dinner order she didn't return to our table! We tried flagging her down, waving, lifting our empty water glasses. All ignored. 

After 45 minutes I finally went after her. Stopped her in the middle of the room demanding to know why we had been ignored for so long. She said that she had to help out in the kitchen. She seemed surprised that we were complaining and acted as if her explanation should say it all.

After waiting for close to an hour the entrees came out. Chicken (their speciality) was overcooked and dry. I didn't taste the other.

When she came back to the table she offered to comp the meal (we paid) and indicated that the chef couldn't keep any help in the kitchen so they had to help out. "Everyone quits". Lovely
I recommend eating at Hedarys.   Lentil Soup-- best in town.  Hummus-- best in town, everything (and I have tried most of the menu over the past few years) is really good.   I originally ate here b/c it's close to my office.  It got me craving this style of food, so I have tried other places too- but nothing comes close.  

I read some reviews about the service, but I don't really agree... maybe you just have to get to know them.  I love their food.  It's delicious, consistent, and priced appropriately.
Third time is the charm.  A little reputation for not necessarily being open during their posted hours forcing me to take my $ elsewhere.  This time, on a return visit to Vegas, I finally caught them open!

A cute and intimate 2-rooms of dining, little white lights, and traditional music in the background.  The service is lovely, friendly, and inviting. The menu had about 8 things I wanted to try, but I opted for the beef shawarma ($16.50).

Oddly, only 6 diners on a Friday night at 830pm; a positive, very quick service.  The shawarma smelled amazing, with onions, chunks of tomatoes, and spices (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#b4Za0Nt0-AFGipOpR_W8vQ).  It wasn't what I was used to, as the meat was diced (not shaved), and while tasty, the flavor was mostly onion, and I prefer the dominant spice as garlic. It also was served with a small rice pilaf, but no other sides (salad, nor tahini, nor garlic sauce, nor hummus, etc).  So I can't say it was a winner.

As an appetizer, I did have an order of hummus (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#tXwkmvXgKInfbNj7wyx5GQ) -- fresh, good, a lot of tahini, and the pita was served toasty and puffy...excellent (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ssa6XY_RdDRRB9wuVIeIWw?select=_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA#_WLTQ-uw4f2gamZg-ClDEA).  The lentil soup is supposed to be amazing here, but they were serving a lamb soup instead -- so I passed.

So, while it wasn't the best Mediterranean food of all time, I'd like to try a few more items.  Overall, it was a worthy experience, and therefore, another trip or two is in my future.
Two stars just because one of the kefte tasted good everything else was over salted. Service sucked too! Took 40min for my dish and not once did the waitress came to say you ok need anything or food should be coming out soon. The reason I went cause of all the positives on yelp and I was in the area. I just might have gone at a bad time but that's no excuse. There are Other much better places for middle eastern in town.
It's sad that this place is so good, but the service is not. The owner should not be so cheap and hire more food servers. These ladies always seem so tired.
Absolutely outstanding food.  There were four of us... two adults and two kids and we arrived around 5pm for an early dinner.  This was a Saturday night and nobody was in the restaurant.  Seated right away, and drinks arrived lickity-split.

We ordered four different entrees so we could try a variety of food and everything was exceptional.  Had the service been a little better this would have been a 5-star review.  However, from the time we ordered until the food arrived was over 50 minutes.... damned near an hour.

What's worse is our server never once came by to check on us or tell us our food would be arriving shortly or anything.  I can't imagine how slow it would be on a busy night... if there are any.

We left at 6:30 after a ninety minute visit and still... the restaurant was empty.... on a Saturday night.

People like good food but SERVICE brings them back.  Tighten the screws Hedary!!!
This place is like NEVER open! Are there like secret hours?
The place was empty on a weekend night when we entered. The service was very slow and cold. Hubby told me it was due to their culture, but if you're going to have a restaurant in America, WARM UP. Our server was so icy and only came to our table to bring us our food -not to check up on us. It was almost as if she just thought the food was so exceptional that she didn't need to check up on us and it was good, but not great. No drink refills and the food was average. I won't be back.
Amazing food!!! Cooked fresh. Little hole in the wall style. I go several times a month. You will not be disappointed.
I deeply regret giving this fine place only 3 of 5 stars, but places "lose points" when the servers don't speak English well and when they insist on preparing a single check for a group of diners.

My group met there on Wednesday night, March 13, 2013 and because we were seated at a long table (and there were 10 of us) they THOUGHT they could prepare a single check.

Our group leader had to inform them, in no uncertain terms, that "We either get separate checks, or all of us leave for someplace else, right now!"

We got our separate checks.

The food is absolutely TERRIFIC and I'd definitely eat there again, but NOT with any group.

Try the Ground Sirloin Shish Kabob ("KAFTA") and the Lentil Soup.  It's truly delicious.

Bring an Interpreter/Translator with you.
Wow! The food at this restaurant is outstanding! We love Mediterranean food and glimpsed the sign as we were driving on Sahara and decided to stop and give it a try. It has a homey environment and I will say the service is a bit slow, but that's typical of European eating and they are friendly enough that I won't zap them a star over it, just don't be in too big of a hurry if you're eating there. We've been there now about 4 times in the last 2 months and it has become our go-to place when we want something close to home that's really good and casual. Highly recommend the food at this restaurant, warm pita bread, lean meats perfectly spiced and healthy, our ultra picky vegetarian friend even raved over it!
Went for an event (Stephanie S's birthday! yay!). This place is so tucked away in an obscure plaza that if you're going west on Sahara you're damn sure to miss the place  and have to make a u-turn.

Outdoor dining is a possibility which should be nice as the summer days approach and slowly starts to get nice in the evenings to be dining outside. Interior is decently decorated. I didn't get a chance to look around that much or even take a look at any of the other seating arrangements available.

Labni
 - Who would have thought a big bowl of yogurt with slices of cucumbers around the side, a pool of olive oil with i think dried mint leaves would make such a great appetizer especially paired with the puffed up "flat" bread. Got me thinking that if we as a culture scrapped the whole bread and butter deal at nice dine in restaurants and replaced it with flat bread and yogurt for dipping we'd go a long way in improving overall health. Cutting the butter and breads to replace them with less filling flat breads and much healthier for you yogurt over butter.

Halloum Cheese
- Dude! it's a block of cheese that's been fried on the outside...wait wait lets make it even better, Cheese? check! Fried? Check...now what? LETS SET IT ON FIRE!!! you read that right and due to Hedary's limited beer and wine menu, no i have not been drinking. The cheese is served to you while it's friggin on fire!

Okay enough with the fire i guess everyone wants to know how it tastes. Straight to the table and the flames die down the cheese is absolutely amazing. Definitely grab some bread, hack off a hunk of cooling cheese and one of the grilled mint leaves and you'll have one of the most amazing melds of flavors you wouldnt believe would go together. Toward the end the cheese tends to harden up but not to the point where it hurts to chew but still tastes damn good.

Roast Leg of Lamb
- To be honest the lamb shank didnt meet my expectations at all. For some reason i keep expecting lamb to tastes like...well...lamb. That gamey taste that people tend to hate i love because it's different and in lamb, at least to me, that's that makes it lamb. Now the shank was roasted to perfection as advertised. No trouble at all getting chunks of meet to fall right off the bone. What i got was a pretty small shank, at least in my opinion it was. The sauce that went was more on the sweet side then i would have liked. Everything else was pretty good. I just gotta stop ordering Lamb shanks thinking they're going to taste like lamb chops. 

Kibbi
- Okay i THINK this is the dish. Wasnt mine but i was offered some and i should have got this instead of the lamb shank. Not sure if the person who ordered it requested that they sub the ground beef for lamb meat but it was lamb meat and it was damn good. cant describe the seasonings but oh my god there was flavor in every single bite. 

Overall the prices of the entrees and even some of the appetizers will definitely have me thinking twice about eating here. Everything is a bit on the pricey side but it is worth the money if you know what to order. 

On the flip side, some of the sandwiches and wraps are so huge that it's totally justifiable for the price. If/when i do come back it'll most likely be for lunch or for a giant wrap. I can totally see myself here after work one of these days looking completely tired and miserable while nursing a shawarma with a side of fries just like The Avengers did. 

Yelp 100 - 027 of 100
I've been coming to Hedary's for years and I always get the same things: hummus, baba ganoosh, Lebanese sandwich or Shawarma Plate which are flavorful and filling.  They give you a basket of hot pita bread perfect for hummus or labni...or for scooping up any saucy dishes.  I always leave feeling satisfied and something to take home.

Last night, a few Yelpers and I were here for Stephanie S's birthday.  I shared a Meat Combination (beef kabob, kafta, mqaniq, sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes.  My favorites were the beef kabob (tender and well-seasoned), and kibbi (flavorful cracked wheat and ground sirloin).  We also had some of Vanessa N's labni matoom (yogurt with mint, garlic and olive oil) which was good.  


They only have 3 types of dessert: ice cream, baklava and shabiet.  Since we can get baklava and ice cream at most places, we got a shabiet (filo pastry with honey, milk custard and pistachios) for dessert and they gave us an extra one.  It's  a light creamy and flaky dessert.  I enjoyed it...always have.

Service last night was good because the place was empty but the times I've been, it hasn't been quite consistently good.
Came here for the beautiful Stephanie S.'s birthday dinner. I was a little worried about how empty the restaurant was when we walked in. If it was not for our large party, there was no one else in the building.

Ultimately, that just meant that we had the two servers all to ourselves. Due to that, my water glass was never empty and the endless baskets of bread kept coming. The tables were also well manicured. I am anal when it comes to clearing away dirty dishes and removing scraps from the table. The girls did a great job with keeping us spotless.

The food comes in ridiculous portions. I noticed the prices were steeper than at other Mediterranean places. After ordering, I could see why. These portions are nuts. The $33 mezzo sampler can easily feed four people. In fact, it did. If I had came with just one other person, we would not have been able to dent it. All of their dips use a generous amount of garlic. I had fire breathe by the end of the meal. I was impressed. Definitely not a date type of place. I had sneaked a few bites from everyone else and the food is solid. I would not order the lentil soup again though. Yet again, it felt like they should have gave us smaller bowls to ladle out servings for the table, but the flavor was not that impressive.
We came here for Stephanie's birthday!

This was my first time here...it was really quiet! I was a little worried since we were the only ones here, but the food was pretty good!

I shared the Meat Combination (Beef Kabob, Kafta, Mqaniq, Sujuk and kibbi) with rice and grilled tomatoes :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg#wVgo5MaohDWNuudZWWwfJg

The Sujuk + Kafta were my favs...and there was plenty of meats to share! I know I wouldn't have been able to eat this all by myself! Some of the meats were a little boring though for Mediterranean food...usually there are so much spices, oils, and herbs that you get taste explosions!

The fresh hot pita bread was great...and it went well with the Labni Matoom : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw#Her-ahGJyXT1Weqe5jTPWw

Which is dry yogurt mixed w/ garlic, mint & a sprinkle of olive oil. It was a good dipping sauce for the bread.  Thanks for letting us try it Vanessa :)

And to finish, we tried the Shabiet : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hedarys-mediterranean-restaurant-las-vegas?select=idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg#idVR6U32ixUw4kNzHOsiIg

Which is layers of filo pastry stuffed with our milk custard, Topped with honey and crushed pistachios. Different...good! Slightly similar to baklava, but more fluffy and lighter...not as saturated with honey. Yum.

I've definitely had better in town, but this is a good place to check out if you are nearby.
I'm not the biggest fan of Mediterranean food but I am a big fan of Stephanie S., it was her birthday dinner and I couldn't miss it!
So the place was empty which always scares me, but maybe that was a good thing because we had a large party that they had to deal with. For how dead the place was, service was spotty. Had to keep asking for more pita bread (which was warm and tasty). Our food came out really slow and staggered, a couple who had left and came back later somehow got their food before myself and another friend. I ordered the Chicken Shwarma sandwich (12$) and he got the Lamb Shwarma platter I think. Well, when we were wondering if they forgot about us, we could hear who we assume is the chef yelling about Shwarma...uh oh! Not too much longer and we finally got our food. My sandwich was huge with a giant side of fries. I was pleasantly surprised how good it was, it was so big I was able to share it with my husband who showed up late. Another friend ordered Lebni which I had never had before, if I was ever to go for Mediterranean again I would order this to share, or just to snack on with drinks.
So this venture hasn't swayed me onto the Mediterranean fan boat. I will eat it, but I wouldn't choose it if I had a choice.
I'm sorry I have to share what's going on at Hedarys. Over the past few months you never know when there going to be open or not. The food is still great but you can't rate a place based on just the food. The service is mediocre at best and the whole experience has become very disappointing . I'm not going back anymore they have used up my patience . Try Khourys on Fort Apache it's the real deal , the complete package
I love Mediterranean food and enjoy it more when it's not cookie-cutter, chain-restaurant food. This little place is very enjoyable- not fancy or anything, but feels authentic and homemade. 

The items are priced a bit high- the prices will limit my visits, but the food I had was mostly terrific. I had the gyro platter with fatoush, and my companion and I shared hummus, baba ganoush and the freshly made pitas. Mmmm- everything was full of flavor!  

Which leads to my only criticism. 

I love garlic. I love it more than the average person, it seems. I wanted the baba ganoush because I knew it would be garlicky.  But the afternoon we were there the garlic was soooo strong my tongue was tingling and my mouth hurt!  The salad actually verged on being inedible. I took it home to see if i could dilute it with additional lettuce, but by then the garlic had mellowed a bit so it didn't hurt. Wow. 

I'll definitely come back, but if that's how they always use garlic, I might have to get my fatoush & ganoush fix elsewhere.
Wow amazing food. They got new owners but food is the same but taste even better. The service was wonderful. Would defintly recommend.
Used to eat here once a week until it changed ownership. Food went from a perfect 10 to maybe a 4. The chef that yells at everyone is gone and as much as I didn't care for him, he pretty much made the place. Don't think I will head back unless word around town changes about their food.
Was quite underwhelmed to be perfectly honest. Slow service, pricier than some competition and for what? The food was just ok, no one was impressed; there are much better places to go for Mediterranean food in town. This restaurant may have been great under its previous management, but we won't be returning.
The price is decent, portions are solid and the atmosphere is good. Only complaint was the slow kitchen. There are no pictures because we ate everything.
Bookmarked for many years, I finally enjoyed a meal at Hedary's thanks to my friend Steven S.'s suggestion to dine here before we went to Container Park.  He and Nicole B. will be married in a few months.  None of us had eaten here and the whole menu sounded good.  We started with hummus not sure what else we would get, and the hot pita was amazing with it.  These combo platters stood out so as a table of 4 we all agreed to share 2 of them, and Nicole B. also ordered the cheese fyatir bread with mushrooms and za'atar, similar to a pizza.

I was drawn to the mezze, a chef's choice sampler of 12 appetizers and salads.  Ours came with...
1) hummus (so we got doubles!)
2) baba ganoush
3) feta cheese and olives with slices of tomato and cucumber
4) Stuffed grape leaves
5) Labni Matoom (yogurt-cheese with mint)
6) falafel
7) loubleh - green beans with tomato, onion, garlic
8) majadra: lentils
9) Greek salad
10) fattoush
11) tabbouleh
12) khyar bil-laban: cucumbers in yogurt mint sauce

Eric R. was drawn to the meat combo (our server's favorite dish) which consisted of rice, tomatoes, and...
1) beef shish kabob
2) kafta: ground sirloin with onion, parsley, spices
3) Mqaniq - pork sausage (only Eric R. ate this)
4) sujuk - beef and jalapeno sausage
5) kibbi - ground sirloin with bulgur stuffed with onions and pine nuts

This was a huge amount of food, plenty to share - maybe could have been enough for 6?!  The stand outs for me in the mezze were the Bulgarian feta chunks (yum), the labni matoom, and the tabbouleh.  From the meat combo, I only tried the sujuk and the kibbi because the guys at the table were carnivorous and had the plate in front of them, but I loved both the sujuk and the kibbi!

What I like about the menu is that if you want a salad, you can pick any salad and add protein to it (lamb, beef, gyro, chicken, salmon, or shrimp).  Eric R. is interested in coming back for the meat-filled dolmas but I make them at home so he is already well fed by me!  I want to come back for lunch because lunch specials include a smaller portion of an entree but come with a choice to fattoush, tabbouli, hummus, baba ganoush or soup on the side.  Service was great and the chef even came out to chat with us after the meal to see what we thought.  He told us all of the sausages are made in house.

Side note: the women's bathroom is really interesting.  There is a mutant mirror and purse hook in there!

I would go back, and when I do, I will devise a way to get both sujuk and kibbi on my plate!
Not a place for me... The food is good enough, even with the change of cooks. I heard the crazy, screaming, demeaning chef is gone... But they say they kept his recipes.  

One of the problems with this place has been that you go and they are closed for a private group or closed with no one inside, you call and they say they are open and you arrive and they say we are full and not taking any more lunch diners, or the 1 month vacation sign when you pull up.  

Today we went and expressed frustration over these issues and the guy said we are under new management... No apology, no thanks for giving us so many chances, nothing. Basically listened and walked away. 

The Greek salad and Gyros was good today but the Creamy Gyro sauce was soooo 
garlicky my mouth is still zinging.  I like more manners than these folks; cooks, managers, et al demonstrate.  

If it was a carry out place only, it would not make as much difference. I will use this restaurant for carry-out only in the future.
My boyfriend and I have eaten at Hedary's twice and both times have really enjoyed the food!

We had the stuffed grape leaves for our appetizer.  Just as tasty as it was the first time we tried it.

I had the Frarej - the half baked chicken with potatoes, tomatoes, with a yummy coating of garlic, lemon and olive oil.  It was quite juicy and tender and I loved the flavor.  My boyfriend had the Gyro sandwich, he said it looked better than it tasted, he wasn't as impressed with it.

Our server was very pleasant and would check with us every once in a while.
The atmosphere at the restaurant was relaxed and homey.  

We'll definitely go back!
So we decided to give this place a try since we live near by. We ordered the mixed salad platter which had way too much garlic and lemon. Also ordered some shish kabob which was way overcooked and was like rubber. Leaving aggravated and unhappy I would have to say that I would not be coming back here again.
I have been going to this restaurant for years.  I love the food.  I've tried most of their dishes that are meat free and I enjoyed all of it.  My only issue is the wait staff.  Like I said I have been dining there for years and the wait staff has always been just one step up from rude. They are not friendly,  they barely check on me or my friends and family.  That is the only reason they didn't give 5 stars, because I do love the food and for the most part the feel of it.  Their wait staff just needs to learn better customer service and manners... They seriously act like they don't care of I enjoy my visit our not.
2 star for food
4 star for service

Started with the stuffed grape leaves which were ok. The flavors were good but the meat stuffing was dry.

Both my husband and I ordered a chicken dish for our entree. He had the kabob and I had the half roasted chicken. The flavors were good, especially the Lebanese rice, but unfortunately our chicken was over cooked and extremely dry. 

The service was excellent and the waitress was extremely attentive.

Hopefully they would look into their cooking time and make some changes-- then maybe we will try it again.
Had never been before today.  reviews I read indicated good food and bad service.  Food was average for me after it took one hour and a half to be served from time of seating.  Service was beyond bad.  The waiter basically ignored the table once drinks were served and order was taken.  A 2 hour lunch is not acceptable.  Will not go back, too many good restaurants service wise.
The food is alright, but the wait to get the food was insane.  We waited over 2 hours.  Supposedly there was a staff shortage, but nobody told us until we had almost 2 hours invested.  You will not see me eating here again!
Have eaten here for years and always loved the food. Figured I'd stop by and grab a falafel sandwich and it was nothing like it used to be. Very sad the new owners don't have a clue. Also now way over priced. I played $13 for this with no fries used to be like $8-9 with fries and got it to go. No napkins no bag and asked twice for some hot sauce which is not the old homemade stuff they used to have that was like crack. No this is Frank's with water added....wtf. Then I asked the waiter why he didn't offer me the lunch special ( falafel plate) that was cheaper and came with hummus ? He responded oh I didn't even notice that sorry. It's alright food sucks now won't be back . I wish I would have taken a picture because compared to the picture on here of the sandwich this thing was repulsive.  Keep in mind alot of these pictures on here are from the old ownership.
Some of the same kitchen staff that was here when it originally opened. Food was great and wait staff didn't miss a beat. 

Always great.
This place seriously used to be amazing. I haven't been back here in about 5 years or so, and thought id give it a shot since I didn't want to drive all the way to Khourys. (I'll never be lazy again I swear!) I ordered a chicken dish that was the worst tasting meal of my life. Not one thing tasted good. The chicken was rubbery and so seasoned to the point of being repulsive. Flavorless rice and bland soup. Clearly under new ownership and no continuity. I wish I would have checked the reviews before. $20 later for just lunch for myself ( no alcohol) and I have major food regret. I'm sorry for the harsh review.
Can't ask for better at this off the beaten path strip center off Sahara blvd.  What I ate was fantastic and Jason, the waiter, was courteous while being extremely attentive. Great to see service like that at this type of location. With knife like precision  my apps came out.  Babbaganush then Falafil, whoa this is great food,incredible warm pita puffed up, which gently gives in to your touch.  Food was so good I ordered take out after dinner!
I was impressed.  This place offers great value for your dollar.  Everything is hand made from scratch (including the pita bread).  The owners clearly care about their product and it shows in food.

I've never written a Yelp review before and this food was so good I was inclined to tell the world.
Great food. Nice atmosphere. Good service. And now has alcohol. Salads and sandwiches are delicious. Will be back.
Tried this restaurant and have found my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  As soon as you walk in, the smell of Mediterranean spices and food is great.  The waiter, Jason, was very helpful and pleasant explaining the menu and provided recommendations.  He came to check on my table frequently and made sure I had everything I needed.  I ordered the Shawarma Lamb plate.  One of the best meals of my life.  The ticket time had to be max 10-15 minutes but tasted like it could have taken an hour to make it was so good.  The environment, cleanliness, menu, service, and food were great.  I am definitely going back and am so happy to have found this gem.
Excellent food and service. Had the hummus and kabobs, chicken, steak and shrimp.  Can't wait to go back.
We stopped in during work cup soccer season. Greece V Costa Rica. Really cute and clean. Fabulous way to spend an afternoon. We grazed for nearly 4 hours!! Michael our waiter was so attentive and passionate about our food going into great detail about each dish. The house  Red Sangria ( they also have white) was excellent. We started with 'Fatosh' a mediterranian type salad . Adding to the table was an excellant dip baba ganoosh with this crazy tasty pita bread that looked like it had been put on steroids. Frarej ..oh yes!! This was an Amazing roasted chicken . I mean over the top. Yum.. the shish kebab combo a skewer of satisfaction.  Yep had that as well! It was shrimp & lamb (not both on the same skewer)
Served on a bed of seasoned rice similar to a pilaf. Again it was excellent.  HALF TIME . Great chance to take an eating break and we moved towards the liqueors. Michael introduced us to a Lebanese grape liqueor that is slow fermented through a 5 step process and a hint of aniseed is added. Somewhat similar to sweet ouzo . I liked that alot, probably to much :) Arak fakar. Ask for that for sure!  Honestly. I don't eat or drink this much but with the world cup soccer match so exciting and the chef was from Costa Rica how on earth could we leave when the match went into extra time. Better try the Lebanese coffee.. Really powerful but subtle.
The soccer match was now going to a penalty kick shoot off. Perfect time for desert!  We tried two of them ( just in case) we started with shabiet, a light cream custard baked in a filo pastry and paieed it with the white sangria Wasn't a huge fan of the shabiet,however our contingency plan worked well as the baklava. Layers of filo pastry pistachio nuts and a sweet butter. Oh yes!. I couldn't resist another coffee . The check. All this for hours and hours of an amazing afternoon just $100.00.
Again in the Lebanese tradition the hospitality was so welcoming.  
We will return!
Thanks to Michael and the adorable Chef.
The hummus came with some cucumbers and a pickled vegetable. My dinner mate found it lacking in authenticity, particularly because of the chickpea chunks. Chicken shish kabob for me, Kafta for him. Everything was cooked fine, served hot, with strong flavors.

I've got nothing bad to say, but there's just no "coup de foudre" here.
the best place for lunch around unlv

gyros and falafel are specialties

i usually go for the vegetarian combo
(grape leaves, spinach pie, falafel, pita, tabouleh, etc.........)

fast & friendly service, too!!
Yeah, the name's a little weird but that is of no concern - these people can make some seriously good food.  Gyros are, of course, their specialty, but they have an ample selection of shwarama, kabobs, various salads, and other Mediterranean delights.  They just remodeled as well from a small space that was basically a glorified, stationary gyros stand to a twice-the-size legitimate restaurant.

Their chicken kabob plate is astounding.  It includes some deliciously marinated and grilled chicken on a bed of rice with hummus, Israeli salad, pita and garlic sauce.  I make little packages of amazing deliciousness with the pita, garlic, hummus, rice and chicken.  It's nearly impossible to tell anyone how wonderful it really is.  It's my lunch comfort food.

There are so many fancy schmancy Mediterranean places every where.  Daily Chicken may not look like a whole lot, but they have the important stuff (great food, nice people) DOWN.
Not a bad place to get some fast food around UNLV.  The gyros are good.  I even liked the falafel, but I was pretty hesitant to try since brown balls made from vegetables didn't look that appealing.  I mean they have a lot of other good selections, but I'm mostly a gyro guy.
This is by far one of the best Mediterranean fast food restaurants I've been to.  I ordered the 1/4 Flame Grilled Chicken that came with white or dark chicken meat served on a bed of rice and side of garlic sauce.  the price was decent ($8.35) plus tax.  It was the best chicken I've had in a long time.  

The atmosphere was laid back and relaxed.  I loved the fact their menus that hang above the cashier was big and very legible.  It was very clean inside and even had a hookah lounge towards the back.  The decorations were colorful and the set up was almost like a food court setting with all the chairs and tables spread out with a good amount of space.  I was also  amazed by how nice the cashier was and helpful too. 

Only thing I don't like was the rice.  It tasted old and off.  Despite that, I would go back again for the chicken, salad, and hummus.  Mmmm... hummus.
AKA daily chicken! Food's good, so is the hookah.
A lunch at Stephano's is worth the 10 dollars. It's family owned and operated, roomy, welcoming, and never too busy. It's within walking distance of UNLV and open late, it makes a perfect study hang out or casual lunch spot. They have the BEST French fries, kebabs, garlic sauce, and the Israeli salad is marinated in love or something because I cannot even approximately recreate it in my own kitchen. Outside seating is nice in the spring time, and they also serve more than basic domestic beers (Almaza, Kirin, Flying Horse, etc) and hookah, which is served in the back. I have never had a dissapointing meal at Stephano's (even when it was the greasy hole-in-the-wall formerly known as the Daily Chicken), which is saying a lot since I ate 80% of all my meals here in college.
So I have to admit...sometimes I feel a little cheated that I am not of Greek ancestry. I mean come on, this is one area of the world that has some of the best food one could ever taste and yes I could quite possibly have it everyday for the rest of my life. Yep, even carnivores and vegetarians could even sit together, eat and feel like gluttons after having this type of cuisine.  For me...I love it all....meat, veggies and even the Satan-contaminated carbs....bring it on!! 

I recently discovered this gem after a classmate of mine and I needed to refuel for the long day ahead. He suggested this place because it was across from campus and since I crave Greek/Mediterranean about once a week...I didn't mind trying a place I had yet to experience.  When we arrived I decided to order the combo plate ( chicken, beef and lamb gyro served with onion and a side of Israeli salad, hummus, pita bread and a garlic sauce I could drink by the pitcher) and because I am not ashamed to stuff my face and call it healthy at the same time I had the Greek Salad as well. Good God....the Greek gods were singing praises when I had took my first bite!! The meat was fresh and well portioned. The hummus was smooth and creamy and the salad was abundant with veggies and feta cheese just like Zeus would have liked it. Prices were decent which I loved yet the only thing I would complain about is the Spinach Pie...a little too dry and bland for my taste and the Falafel lacked a little flavor. But after I found out that they served Ouzo and that they do deliver I felt better (but what doesn't feel better after Ouzo!) Overall, my experience here was great....I can't wait to try the other items they have to offer. I will be back soon because I think I have just been hit by the "let the addiction begin" bat by Aphrodite.
Wow -- what a change!   I remembered reading Carly's review in my earliest Yelp days (looking for new places around UNLV) and thinking -- nice decor?  huh?  looking at the pictures and scratching my head.  Okay -- the last time I ate at Stephano's -- you know that place across the street from UNLV's Student Union that serves falafel and gyros -- it was always so dumpy and kind of, well, pathetic.  I felt sorry for the guys that ran it -- they tried so hard...  but I never dragged myself back...

For some reason today I needed a change from my regular banh mi -- and took a friend over to Stephano's -- I couldn't believe my eyes -- WOW!  what a change!  This place looks really terrific now -- it's no longer a dump!  It's really really cute -- Efficient counter service in the front -- with comfortable chairs in the dining area -- even a cozy lounge - I guess for hookah in the back.   

There's even a Stephano -- or Stephan - the owner - and he was darling, kind and very happy to know that the change was noticed.  

Then there's the food -- I went in with my tastebuds set on falafel -- that's Amena Bakery's fault but they were too far away -- the real truth behind why I actually went to Stephano's!  But I got inside and was so blown away -- I noticed the Gyro Bowl right away -- why?  because it included cleverly, their yummy buttery rice, Israeli salad, tzatsiki and gyro meat -- hmmm.... perfect -- particularly with a big squeeze of fresh lemon juice!  It was huge -- My friend got one too and we split an order of fries (because Carly said they were not to be missed -- and she wasn't joking -- they're fab).  They had pickled turnip at the counter -- and red rooster to kick things up.  I was stunned by their beer selection -- but Stephano was quick to let us know that come April 1st, their full liquor license will be in effect so we should expect a lot more from him soon!

Again -- a perfect Yelp find!   And only because of Carly's brilliant review did I even venture back inside again -- now it's going to be a regular part of my UNLV lunchtime repertoire!    

Congratulations Stephan!  We'll YELP the word out!

Update:  a small group of us gathered pre-Slow Food lecture and tried a vegetarian plate and a meat plate -- both were great.  Nick and Maria, Stephan's nephew and niece who run the restaurant with him couldn't have been more hospitable.  

Today, I ran over to grab a quick bite for lunch -- Nick had mentioned the other evening how good the ribeye was -- so I had the ribeye shawerma.  Ok, it was messy, drippy, and I was so happy I wasn't wearing white because I loved every juicy bite!  I had them replace the standard tomatoes and onion for israeli salad -- and I added a squeeze of lemon= heaven.  And not so huge (about 1/4 less than a Chipotle burrito) that I wanted to take a nap afterwards.
Liquor license is all in -- took the hubs today and he freaked out over Stephan's amazing offering of international beers; thought the food was pretty good, too.   Even better though, Stephan's going to turn the joint into a disco/club/? Friday nights and stay open til 3...  so now Chef's got another late night joint to take the boys when the kitchen closes... as I peacefully, happily, contentedly sleep...hey, he's much prettier than I am, so beauty sleep is required, not optional...
Nice space, kinda hip, low key and comfy, kinda what you expect across from a college. Stephano's seems like a family run joint. The Gyro and all its components were great. What I found odd was how awful the hummus was. Maybe we got a bad batch or they just like to add construction paper to the recipe?
Nothing was bad.  Service was walk up to the counter, place your order, retrieve your order--in other words, there was no service to speak of.  At least the woman at the counter took the order, rang it up and passed it on to the cook, and did so efficiently and pleasantly.  The decor is nothing special.

I had the falafel pita with fries--the falafel needed to be a bit more spicy, the dressing needed to be more tart and mint-laced, and the fries were those nasty ones with faux crispy coating.  I don't like any fries that aren't identifiably real potato and nothing more.

Unless I find some place substantially better to satisfy my occasional falafel cravings, I'll return.
Wow! This place has changed a lot over the years... I first went to it what like 10 years ago when it was Daily Chicken... at that time I thought hey a place across from campus (UNLV) that's not fast food.... that was when I got hooked on their chicken with the garlic dip... YUM!!! Since then I've gone over the years.... the place is now called Stephanos... family owned... which I like since my family owns a business in town too... awesome decor when you walk in... you order at the counter..... and they give you a pager letting you know your foods ready.... its a nice little spot to hang out, have some great food and even some hookah... I myself love hookah and this this place makes the best hookahs in town.... they also have wi-fi so you can find me hanging out doin some homework with friends while having a good meal... the food speaks for itself... everything i have tried has been great! i luv luv luv the fries too!!!!  all in all, this is a great comfortable spot that really has some excellent food at a great atmosphere!!!
Stephano's offers tasty falafel, gyros, and hummus in a nice, relaxed atmosphere. They've got an impressive selection of imported beers by the bottle. This is a good place to stop for a satisfying lunch. I do wish they would adopt the standard "fast casual" service approach -- bringing your completed order to you, rather than expecting you to retrieve it at the counter. Real silverware (vs. plastic) would be good, too.
Good food, decent prices
Also doubles as a hookah lounge 
Beer selection is good for a location this small
came here saturday night,craving for some chicken kebabs n hummus..we found this chill place right across UNLV prices are decent and the food is very good! i think the best I've ever had.I wish it was served on ceramic plates tho instead of plastic.But all in all very good!
its not very easy to find tho so keep your eye on the commercial centers
This place is so good...my fave here is the shawerma salad.  The food is always so fresh.  I make it a point to stop here on every trip I make from Los Angeles.  Definitely check it out.
This review is a long time comin'. Stephano's is the official Endorsed Hookah Lounge of Matt C. Let me break it down for ya:

Hookah
---
Stephano's does a good hookah. Period. It's priced fairly, and usually lasts 2+ hours. Hookahmaster General Nick (a title I just invented) is an avid smoker, and takes pride in his work. He's often working on new tweaks for better smoking, and can wax poetic on things like shisha quality, etc. But, what initial got me coming back to Stephano's was the smoking quality/time/money ratio. Paymons' can make a good hookah too, but they never last over an hour. For the same money, you can smoke for hours at Stephano's, plus the refills are cheaper.

Food
---
I like it, and most people I bring enjoy it also. It's not super-cheap, but I never feel like I've overpaid either. My personal favorites are the gyro pizza and the gyro bowl. It's not on the menu, but they also serve edamame, which is the perfect hookah nosh. Their beer menu is also pretty strong, and well priced.

Ambiance
---
This is something else I really like about Stephano's - it's casual atmosphere. It's a relaxed environment, and I don't feel conspicuous if I'm  sitting there alone. They have regular height tables up front, which are great if you wanna work on something while you're smoking, and a banquette'd lounge-area in the back (great for dates). Plus, even when they dim the lights in the evenings, it's still usually bright enough to read - not the case at Paymon's. If you're looking for a dark, super-romantic place though, it might not be the first choice. I will say that my FLF prefers the environ of Stephano's over all the other like establishments I've taken her. 

Service
---
Food wise, it's served at a counter, kinda fast-food-style. But if you're smoking, you get waiter service along with it. There's usually only one person doing all the serving/hookah-tending, so it occasionally gets slow, but It's a family business, so you get the plus'es and minuses of that. Nick especially is good about keeping coals tended properly. Owing to the family business thing, I was able to get the aforementioned edamame on the menu quite easily. I don't know about you, but I really like a place that caters to its customers. 

Conclusion
---
I like it here, a lot.

The 5 is comparative to local competition. I don't like giving 5's, and Stephano's isn't perfect, but it's the best I've found in Las Vegas.

There you have it.

PRO-TIP: Edamame + hookah = win
PRO-TIP: Hookah service starts at 5.
The only thing I can really say about this place is that it's just okay.

The prices are pretty darn fair, and you get a decent amount of food as well. Problem is, the food is nothing to get excited over. It has a hint of authenticity, but has been extremely Americanized. The gyros were okay, and the hummus and tzatziki were passable. The pitas were far too dry and tasteless, so they served solely as a vehicle for the mediocre dips. The garlic sauce on my shawerma was very strange...I didn't hate it with a vengeance like other yelpers did, but I honestly couldn't decide if I liked it or not.

The interior was decent and cozy, but definitely had the "college hangout" vibe. Which is fine, of course, as long as you're okay with that. As many others mentioned, there is a hookah lounge too.

Customer service was mediocre to start, but warmed up throughout the visit.

Surprisingly, the fries were the best part: Perfectly seasoned, thick cut, and extra crispy.

I'll probably return, due to proximity and price. I'd be willing to try their wide variety of "Low Carb Plates" which feature double meat and lots of salad, therefore omitting the offensive pita. But I'm going to keep on the lookout for a truly good Greek restaurant. I hear Fat Greek is amazing...
My family used to own a Korean restaurant next door many, many years ago... Im so glad to see that Stephan still has his spot! 

This was the first place I had Hummus, Pita, Garlic Sauce, Baklava and Honey Cake. Everything he made was pretty delicious. Even when my uncle got married, we requested he bake a giant Honey Cake for the wedding. I see its no longer on the menu, but you guys should see if you can get him to make one - it is pure freaking heaven. 

The owner and his family are genuinely, really - GENUINELY nice people... They really put their devotion into the food... Definitely stopping by on my next trip to Vegas!
For late lunch on a Saturday afternoon, a friend and former UNLV student suggested Stephano's. I loved that their menu had pictures as I am a visual person and I am horrible with food names. I had the rib eye steak shwarma combination that came with a side of fries. The shwarma was alright. The meat was a little on the dry side, but the other ingredients compensated for it. Their fries are excellent! I love crispy fries, and these were oh-so-crispy. They also have this cucumber dipping sauce that is really good with the pita bread. Another thing that I must mention is that Stephano's has a lot of different imported beers in their fridge. We tried at least 8 different beers, and they were around $3/bottle. They seriously have a lot of beer to choose from. We just stuck with the lower-priced ones. As for the environment, Stephano's was spacious, even on a Saturday. A few people came in to smoke hookah in the back. They have space reserved for that. All in all, this is a cool place. I'll keep it in mind if I'm ever craving Greek/Mediterranean in Vegas.
I totally have garlic breath now! Can you smell it? LOL....

I went here for lunch solo today. I wanted to get out of the office for a bit and it was a nice break. They had the World Cup on 3 screens which was nice and it wasn't on overly loud so you could still have a conversation.

I ordered the Garlic Chicken Sandwich combo with fries and a drink. It was $8.32 and it was a lot of food! I managed to finish the sandwich which was loaded with tomaotoes, chicken, onion and garlic sauce on a  good Panini type bread, but had to leave a lot of the fries, which was a shame as they were super fresh, and nice and crispy!

They are always very nice, and the same woman has been working the counter for a while and she is always very welcoming. 

Yummy fresh brewed tea too!
I have been here twice and I love it. The chicken was moist, the rice is white, the hummus is well seasoned, and the garlic sauce (paste) is hella garlic. The atmosphere during the day is casual. The TVs are on, but not too loud, there are plenty of tables and chairs.

It's a great place to have lunch.
After seeing the insane lines and the lame-ass food options the UNLV student union, I decided forgo and head for Stephano's. And I'm glad I did. My only regret is not coming sooner! Stephano's offers excellent quality food at reasonable prices. The decor is inviting, clean, and comfortable. The workers are totally friendly and ask if you have a UNLV ID for a free drink. (Good looking out fellas!) My roasted chicken and chicken kebabs (on different occasions) were flavorful and juicy. My meal came with a delicious Israeli salad, hummus, rice and pita bread. Also, they offer this garlic sauce that is amazing. They have a large selection of beers, if you decide you want some alcohol. The joint is across from UNLV and I plan on coming here at least once a week.
Never had a bad experience here. Great food, nice people who work there, casual atmosphere, good prices. If you get a gyro bowl, you can eat half and save half for later. The garlic chicken sandwich is SO garlicy, it's great. I come here weekly!
Stephano's is great! My boyfriend and I ordered take-out lunch from here today and loved it! We had a coupon - buy 2 gyros, get 1 free, which we didn't really need... but why not!? So.. we ordered two cheese gyros (gyro, feta cheese, tomatoes, onions, tzaziki sauce) and one beef & lamb gyro (gyro, tomatoes, lots of onions, tzaziki sauce). They were all stuffed with fresh ingredients and had amazing flavor with the tzaziki sauce. The portions were generous, the prices were good, and our order was ready in about 10 minutes. We will definitely be ordering from here again!
I got the Gyro Salad and my friend ordered the special-- Gyro with fries. Both of us were satisfied with the food. The man helping us was nice, food arrived promptly and it was delicious. Prices were good, especially for UNLV students nearby. Also, if you are a student you get a free drink!
I wish I would have found this place earlier. Delicious mediterranean food, for a good price considering the amount you get, but the best part of the experience - the incredible ambience! In the back part of the restaurant, the sitting are hass tons of pillows and is decorated like it was just meant for you to lay down and fall asleep. Very comfy, and the music is always easy listening, acoustic,  singer/songwriter type stuff, except better than Starbucks.

Treat yourself to an Israeli salad. You'll be glad ya did.
Look, this is all you need to know:  Rib eye kebab sandwich. No onions.

I don't give a damn about the rest of the menu. This all you need.
This is my first review, so be kind. :-P

I have eaten at Stephano's many times throughout my life as a student at UNLV, and what a long time that has been... (hell, I remember when this place was called the Daily Chicken). It has remained a consistently good lunch venue especially if you are craving something something different from the typical lunch staples around the university (namely, Chipotle, Cafe Rio, Einstein Bagels and others) at a very reasonable price. On top of this it has a pleasant ambiance making it a great place to relax and talk after a filling lunch.  

I typically get the gyro combo which comes with a gyro, fries, and a soda. I have not tried many other things on the menu, but as I usually go with friends and they seem pretty satisfied with their selections, I can say that there are at least some other good choices available. (There is a student special similar in price to the gyro combo but is instead a bowl with meat, rice, and vegetables). 

The amount of food for the price, which comes to under $9 for this particular meal, is very good and the food is received fairly promptly. The gyro has gyro meat (beef and lamb), tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce all in good proportions. The fries are crispy and go well with the gyro. Overall the meal is a great deal and quite delicious.

Of course there are better Mediterranean places in Las Vegas, both near and far from the university, but for the price and convenience, this is definitely a great place to eat at! Enjoy!
Great gyro's and fun atmosphere.
They got the best chicken sandwich in town! Great Gyros especially the 
Gyro Pizza.  And they have a ridiculously great beer selection.  It's a great place to watch games because they have TVs too.
I love going to this place for an easy, healthy lunch or dinner. I've had most of their plates and so far there isn't one I don't like.

The atmosphere is casual, and the music is relaxing. Seems to be a popular place with students and faculty of unlv. I'd definitely recommend it if you're in the area and interested in Mediterranean food.
Went to Stephano's for lunch with coworkers today. Several people ahead of us but the line moved quickly. Each of us ordered separately. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because mine took much longer than theirs and I had to go up to ask about it, versus them letting me know it may take a little longer. 
Otherwise service was good, friendly staff and I felt like they appreciated my business. Food was great! I asked for low carb kebab combo (chicken & rib eye) which was not on the menu, but they gladly said okay. Israeli Salad was refreshing and tasty. Coworkers enjoyed their Gyros and fries. Good portion sizes too.
Best of all, we learned they deliver! We are a few miles away on Howard Hughes Pkwy - where there aren't a lot of options for delivery. This is great news! ($3 dlvy charge w/$15 minimum)
If you're a fan of Mediterranean cuisine that is fast, affordable, and delicious. Go to Stephano's. I didn't discover this place until a few years ago and I regret not knowing about it earlier. It's no Paymon's, but the price and quick service makes it worth while.
AMAZZINGG! I've been going there for years and every experience has been DELICIOUS. I love how I can always walk in there expecting to have a great meal. My favorite would have to be the chicken gyro. I HAVE to get a side of seasoned french fries (BEST fries) and Baba Ganoush every time I go. The Baklava is heaven on Earth... I always try to save room for some. It's inexpensive and you get a lot of food. Good music and calm atmosphere. My friends and I can always count on Stephano's after a long day at school. Kick back, eat some tasty food, and order a refreshing beer. I can't wait to go there for lunch tomorrow :)
A Little hard to find, but i blame that on my GPS unit. I sampled some fares at the 89xxx Exhibition at UNLV. I was hungry and wanted something different. Upon Entering its laid out nicely. Great seating area. 3 flat screen Tvs. Comfy wide chairs and normal wooden chairs. FREE WIFI. Free baklava when you check in. AWESOME. You can see meat rotating on spits behind the counter. And they hand you a buzzer that lights and vibrates when your food is ready. 

Music is playing loud enough to here but soft enough you can hold a conversation without yelling. They also serve Alcohol. Mmm Yummy. I had the Gyro Plate. Its Beef and Lamb on Pita. Comes with a extra pita to dip in Hummus and israeli salad. Your pita can come in White or Wheat i like the option because somedays I love wheat bread. The Beef and Lamb was perfectly cooked and had a smoky flavor and spices i never experienced before. They give enough tzatiki sauce. The vegetables on the gyro are nice and fresh. 

The hummus had the right amount of olive oil floating on top to mix in. And i must mention the gyro and the extra pita come out piping hot. While the Gyro is cooling off i recommend tearing apart the pita and dip it in hummus. Which is what i did. Ive had hummus at other places and it wasnt so great. Here it was on point. Never having Israeli salad before i wasnt sure what to expect. It looked sort of like Pico De Gallo but had great seasoning and spices in what i believe was a Olive oil sauce. Hell Id go back just for the salad. And for the price you will definitely leave full. I didnt have room for their baklava which is delicious. 
Next time you go, CALL ME and ill meet who ever is going.
Wonderful little place that a friend and I had stumbled upon. We had just had a long hot day at Hoover Dam and wanted some grub. Mediterranean fare was what we had agreed upon and because I am one of the few people without a smart phone I had to rely on my car's GPS for a food search. I had the shwarma  salad and it was delish. They also had deals for college students and free baklava with check in. There was also a pickled turnip bar, which I absolutely love. All in all this is a wonderful little place and refreshing as opposed to eating all the franchise junk on the strip. Definitely would return to if I am ever in Vegas.
hobby got the gyro bowl $7.87, I got the chicken Shawerma wrap with fries and a drink $8.25. Fries taste great, try the fries sauce. it's interesting. my chicken shawerma has some garlic sauce and tahini sauce.  it was the best compare to Filfila Mediterranean Cafe or  Kyklos Gyro.  Even it's not as big as the Kyklos Gyro, you can order the gyro bowl (either chicken or the beef lamb gyro), rice are delicious (maybe cook with gravy from the gyro). Honey cannot finish all the rice from his combo.  Definitely will come again.
I am not a Mediterranean food expert but so far this place is pretty chill. Always friendly and on time. A cool chill spot to get some food that'll actually fill u up. 
I like to get their veggie platter that has hummus, tubule, grape leaf wrap, salad, pita bread, and spinach pie. Yes it's a lot of food for one person so I try and share each time I order it.  
If I am alone I order a ---- wrap but if I don't feel tol hungry I skip the wrap and order the ---- appetizer which is still a lot of food. The only thing I wish is For them to have more drink choices because their water does not taste good and I dont like sodas from the choices on the fountain.
I know they do hooka at night but I never smelled it in the air during the day, which is the time i usually go for lunch.
I've tried their greek salad before but I don't know if they forgot to give me dressing.. there was no sauce whats so ever so i had a very boring salad. And they forgot to give me my free Baklava for Checking in! :(
Gyros are bomb. Prob the best in town. Service is good too. I recommend to everyone. Oh and the fries. Yummy
Really good chicken shawarma! Prices are kinda expensive though. Check in for a free baklava
I've been coming to Stephano's for years and I have never been disappointed. 

Today I got the Gyro Salad, and it was good.  At first glance it looks like a paltry amount of sliced Gyro meat, but looks are deceiving.  There is plenty of meat to create a nice balance with all of the other salad ingredients which include:  fresh and bright green romaine lettuce, Roma tomatoes, a generous amount of crumbled feta cheese, Greek olives, and overly substantial amount of sliced raw white onions (note:  sizes of onion slices are also overly substantial).  The salad is also served with 2 grilled pitas, so it's not a light meal.

I recommend the salad; the dressing is basic but good with red wine vinegar and dried oregano as dominating flavors.  The gyro meat is grilled which is a nice touch, because like 99% of all gyro joints, Stephano's  uses the factory processed gyro force meat that tends to be salty, but the grilling cuts down on the saltiness.  They also take the time grill the pita bread and it makes a world of difference in the flavor and is much appreciated.

Stephano's only gets 3 stars from me for many reasons.  The prices are pretty high for a quick lunch place, my lunch was around $9.00 and there wasn't much to the preparation.  There was no perception of value, especially since it caters to people on a students' budget.  The amount of raw onions were insane.  I love raw onions but even after picking most of them off, I could feel the sulphurous onion essence seeping from my pores.  I'm going to class for the next 5 hours and I feel bad for those that have to sit around me.  Another thing that is hurting the star rating of Stephano's is the fact that they use those annoying pagers to notify you that your order is ready.  The pagers are constantly going off around you, they are annoying and stupid.

A few final notes; the free wifi is great and they do have a lunch/student special which offers a free drink with certain orders.  If you go during lunch, avoid the lunch rush (12:30 until 2:00 ish) it can get uncomfortably crowded in there.
If you want Greek food, I suggest checking this place out.  Forget about Opa, or that drive thru Greek crap in town.  This place has it all and does it right.  I'm not a true fan of Greek fare, but when I am in the mood for it, this place is the stop I'll make.

First, it's easy to order, well priced, and they have a lot of dishes you wouldn't normally see at the other Mediterranean places.What they do have that others serve is done well.  Their pita is soft and chewy, the meats are well seasoned and delish, and their sauces (yogurt, hummus, etc.) taste fresh and served in generous portions.  The gyro I ordered could honestly feed two people or one hungry big guy.  I'm a big girl myself and I couldn't eat the entire thing.  They keep their gyro's simple, too--onion, cucumber and the sauce.  Done.  I love that.

Want to Greek out?  Head here for some nummies and bring an empty stomach.  They do take out, too.
I'm not going to lie, this place is a little hard to find at first. I had the chicken kabob and rice and my husband got some sort of gyro. We both enjoyed our food. I expected this to be more of a sit down restaurant with a menu and waiter/waitress but it was more of a Carl Jr. type of place where you go up to the counter, place your order and once its done, they call you to come get it. So, that was interesting... I'd like to come here again and try other stuff on their menu... so many things sounds good.
Stephanos has been on my list of UNLV vicinity eats since I first wandered in a few years ago, tempted by the name. Yes it was because it had Steph in the name. 

As a vegetarian I can't personally vouch for the gyros, but my sometimes carnivore spouse loves the cheese gyros with lamb. I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).

The restaurant itself is clean and spacious. Although I've never tried out the hookahs myself, I've often witnessed others enjoying them immensely. There are big tables/booths that are perfect for dining with a big group, as well as smaller tables for smaller gatherings. There are also a couple flat screen televisions that are usually tuned to sports or the news.
i've been on a hummus kick lately(just checked out Hummus Bar) and when I was at school and yelped hummus this spot came up and I was psyched. 

Ordered an order of hummus and two chicken kebabs. The portion was a very good size.The price is also very low, I paid the same amount as Hummus Bar but got twice the amount of food.

I would say the hummus is of  equal quality  maybe not as smooth as HB but it's not even noticeable. However Stephano's pita is a bit on the harder side and I prefer mine soft and fluffy like at HB's.
Actually, you should also be aware that their low carb ribeye plate is basically a to-go box piled high with delicious meat. I had enough steak for 2 lunches and an omelet!
I chose this place based on yelp and the fact that a Groupon discount was burning a hole in my pocket.  I ended up ordering the beef and lamb gyro dish with wheat pita bread.  The Israeli salad was awesome!  The hummus was not bad and so was the falafel.  They have a nice selection of imported bottled beers and to top it off, I got a free baklava just for checking in on yelp (it was just a small sample piece that was just ok).  I would definitely hit this place up again if I'm ever in the area.
Moussaka! I love this dish. They have a vegetarian version that is great. I've never really been disappointed coming here. The wait time for the food is the only thing that is on the down side if you're super hungry, but it's understandable because they get quite a bit of business being located across the street from campus. They have the option of wheat or white pitas which is interesting. Their gyro meat is always perfectly charred. That burnt taste is what I live for!!!!! Just kidding, sort of. That tomato cucumber salad they always serve on the side is delicious and quite refreshing. I will continue to come here as long as I'm at UNLV.
I gave this place a try the other day.  I ordered the spinach pie plate, which comes with a spinach pie, 2 stuffed grape leaves, Israeli salad, hummus and two pieces of pita bread.  

The food was good, no doubt.  Unfortunately, I came at a busy lunch time, and they either lost my receipt or forgot my order.  A complimentary bowl of soup (mushroom and garlic) and the calm and polite staff turned this experience to a four-star visit.  

I do wish that the FOH or the menu gives customers warning about the length of time the spinach pie takes to cook, I would have ordered something else.
I've been eating at Stephano's since well before I knew what Yelp was. It was a nice option to have across Maryland Parkway when I was going to UNLV.

Fast forward to last night. A few of us Yelpers decided to go there after the Jeff Mitchum gallery event. OK so really, we went there so that Tony T could use his soon-to-expire Groupon. Somewhat unfortunately, we came in during an open mic night. The performers weren't awful, but I guess we weren't really in the mood for the loudness.

Anyway, I ordered a pork souvlaki sandwich combo (fries + drink). My total with tax was under $10. The pork was delicious and the sandwich overall was just oozing with flavor (and literally oozing with the sauce). The fries were also perfectly cooked. Overall, it was a very satisfying meal.

Make sure you check in to get your free baklava with a purchase of $5 or more. Theirs had the perfect amount of sweetness. I don't like it when baklava has too much of the sauce that makes the dessert way too sweet and sticky.
OMG!!! My amazing wife has done it once again....she managed to find a hidden gem.....well i am a pretty big fan of Mediterranean food so she already had me there but this place was hands down my favorite place here in Vegas so far....service was good and the place was clean and the beef and lamb plate my wife and i had were more than satisfying .....i was stuffed but my crazy wife remembered they sold baklava .....omg it was warm and fresh and i about died due to the amazing flavors of the baklava....id highly recommend this if you dont want something to upscale and just want a meal that will meet all of your expectations!
I had  a living social deal from this place for a long time. Finally we managed to go and use it on the day before it was about to expire.. and I'm glad we did. We had 2 beef and lamb plates with Israeli salad, humus, and tzatziki plus 2 pita breads. They have a little pepper bar as well and give you extra tzatziki if you need more. I must say I really enjoyed the food there. The staff was very nice as well and the place is big and very clean. Nothing more to add. Would love to go back.
I have to admit, the falafel was pretty dang good!  The pita that came with the falafel plate was a little disappointing.  Cut in half and stuck together, I really couldn't use it to make a falafel pita.

This is the first order-at-the-counter establishment I have been to that use those little vibrating coasters to tell you when your order is ready.  Good idea, no yelling out numbers or mispronouncing someone's name. But the damn thing scared the crap out of me!

The food took a lot longer to come out than I thought it would, but the light and fluffy falafel was worth the wait.  I'll be back to try more dishes, including the vegetarian moussaka, which I find intriguing. Maybe I just got a bad batch of pita.
We ate here as a family last Saturday. It was pretty empty at first, but some more came in as we were eating. The decor is nice.

The menu had plenty of choices.

Hubby, daughter, and myself all went for the gyro combo. I was very excited to see that a garlic sauce was on the menu and asked for that on the side. It was not garlic sauce. It was more of a cold chunk of garlic butter. 
We did have a choice of pitas...and I went for the wheat. It was very good. The fries were oversalted, but I rubbed it off.

Son ordered a gyro meat over rice with salad. It also came with a pita. We all tasted it and the salad mixed with the Greek rice was SO good! 
We'd love to go back another time when we're in town to try the falafels. 

Great food!

The only con was that it was freezing inside. Anyone can tell you that I don't get cold easily. It was cold in there!

I'm a tough customer when it comes to tzatziki sauce. This wasn't the greatest. It was like they forgot to season it. Where was the cucumber?  It was certainly lacking and needs improvement.
Great service, great food = BOMB.COM!!
Travelling from Hawaii, I read good things about this place and also got a good deal on it. Although Vegas had just been hit by the 'North Winds' and temperatures dropped to 50 degrees with 30 mph winds, I wanted to get my Greek fix and visit neighboring UNLV. I had my menu items picked out weeks in advance, so I stepped up and ordered.

Hummus side- 3 1/2-stars- The hummus as clean, basic and creamy. Obviously, you get a nice layer of olive oil on top. This comes with a steaming back of pita bread, wrapped warm and tight. I'd consider this a good compliment to any dish. But, if you're ordering a plate with hummus or been-there-done-that, I'd recommend baba ganoush as another option.

Feta with Olives side- 4-stars- A beautiful, briny dish also served with it's own batch of pita bread. (I hear the wheat pita is the best, as one man exclaimed.) The huge, purplish Kalamata olives are so sweet and salty, with very small seeds. It was just a satisfaction biting into these. The feta was also brisk and briny. It was almost too much salt for one dish, but eating them with a pita helped to spread the distinct flavors out a little.

Falafel Plate- 4-stars- Served with five falafels, the spices hit you immediately. The falafel were a little drier, yet also crispier than I've been accustomed to. There is a light coating of tzatziki to add some moisture. The Israeli salad is a mixture of cucumber, tomato, onion, and cilantro almost like a salsa. Amazingly, the flavor and freshness reminded me of a lomi lomi in Hawaii (without the seafood obviously). My suggestion, as you also get pitas with this plate--add the salad into the pita, then pack on some hummus to keep all the loose pieces together. Throw on the falafel last, then enjoy the mixture of flavors as they hit your taste-buds. The plate is huge, and all three was more than enough to stuff me beyond capacity. Yet, I didn't feel weighed down, which is a good thing. Healthy and delicious!

Atmosphere- The set-up is very open and casual, with light music playing in the background. Check out the seats in the rear of the restaurant if you want a more intimate feel while you're eating--with pillows, etc. rather than wooden seats. The decorations are light, but there is a nice bookshelf dedicated to the beers they carry. Wi-fi is also available, yet secured, so I guess you gotta ask for the password--there was no info on the receipt nor the buzzer they give you with your order. I did find it amusing, there was sriracha sauce available as a hot sauce. I don't know if it's made it all the way to Greece, or the local clientele just loves it, but sriracha is definitely a good, comforting sign of discriminating tastes.

Service- Service is very casual and friendly. You do get a buzzer when your order is ready, and it's picked up on the side window away from where you make your order. Beyond this, you don't really speak to the servers.

Conclusion- Definitely a quiet, humble place, just a hop-skip-and-a-run across the street from UNLV. It seems to attract both student and staff, especially with the variety of options between beer and wi-fi and sriracha (still amazed to see this sauce there). It does lack some excitement and pizzazz, but I'm sure that comes in often enough from the front doors.
got the number 6. I was disappointed with the food. it was semi warm, it just wasnt flavorful.
the hummus was decent tho.  I felt ripped off with the price, 10 bucks for this? NO THANKS. Not going back
You won't find good Middle Eastern restaurants in Vegas like this one. 
Tasty Falafel and good Tahini.
After being disappointed again and again by falafel joints, this place was a very welcome change.  The falafel was tasty and the best I've had in LV in well over a year.  In fact, I liked some of their other menu items even more than the falafel since I got the vegetarian combo.  The combo came with the spinach pie, hummus, falafel, grape leaves and tabbouleh.  That's a serious meal.  There's no joking around here!! :P

The spinach pie was the best thing on my plate.  The crisp and crunch of the phyllo dough combined with cheese and seasoned spinach was an unbelievable combo of flavors.  I would order a whole pan of this for takeout.  

And how can you beat a free piece of baklava with a Yelp check in?  CAN'T!!
Stephano's is a hard place to find. It is a bit back from the road in a strip mall across from UNLV on Maryland Parkway. If you know where the Post Office is in the 4600 block of Maryland Parkway you are just a few feet away. Just look a bit to the left for the sign above the door. When you walk in you see the counter to order and pick up your food and a few dozen tables for seating. Their sign says that they have been open since 1998. I asked Stephano's son if they have been in the same location since 1998 and he informs me yes. They did expand in 2006 by renting out the space next to them though. I would not say there is much in the way of decor. There are just tables to sit at and not much more.

For my first time there I decided to go with the Rib Eye Steak Shawerma Sandwich. This comes wrapped in a Pita with the steak, tomatoes, onions, and tahini sauce. The combo also included fries and a drink. I thought the steak was prepared very nicely. It was full of flavor, very tender and chewed well. I was very impressed with the pita that enclosed the sandwich. This is not like any pita I have ever had before. Most other pita I have had in the past has been mostly like other bread. This pita was dense, very flavorful and had a whitish tint to it. It also had a nice char on it from the grill. I have never had tahini sauce before. I found out that it is a paste made from sesame seeds. It is very smooth, but does not have a lot of flavor. The smoothness did add a pleasing texture to the sandwich as a whole. The fries were nice and crispy. They had a great flavor to them as well.
Not bad. 
But not a knock-out for me.
No better or worse than most of the other kebab/schawarma joints in town.

I had the "garlic chicken".

When I lived in Los Angeles, I frequented a middle-eastern (Armenian really), garlic chicken place called Zankou chicken....it's the only thing I miss about Los Angeles....and I've been looking for a facsimile in Las Vegas for 4 years, but sadly it does not exist.
I'll keep looking, but I'm not optimistic. 

If someone were to open a Zankou in Las Vegas, there would be lines around the block.
If you don't know Zankou Chicken, go to Yelp Los Angeles and check it out....over-the-top reviews.
We come here once a week and get a variety of food. The atmosphere is nice and the place always seems really clean. I have gotten the chicken and the gyro's. The Israeli salad is really good. I'm not a big hummus fan but they always allow me to substitute a salad or their fries. Not expecting good fries from a Greek place but surprisingly so, their fries are awesome!!.
Food='s good
Service='s Friendly
Establishment='s Clean
Price='s $5-15 per person
Decided to take my mom and sister here for a quick dinner before picking up somebody at the airport. According to all UNLV students, this place has the best fries in town and boy I think I have to agree with them though they were a little too generous with the seasoning. We tried the chicken gyro, falafel pita, and rib eye steak shawerma which were all delicious. I will definitely be back since the University is just across the street.
fresh home made food.
very rich flavors.
love it
I started eating this recently, wish I knew about it earlier. Being a student I am pressed for time and Stephano's is close and convenient.  Their prices are reasonable and being a student gets you a free drink. I love their spinach pie and their grape leaves. 

The decor of the restaurant is beautiful, I love the colors inside, very warm and welcoming. Stephano's would be a great place to go to at night for some drinks but I have yet to make that trip. 

Their service is great, Nick one of the employees and future owner I presume is great and always friendly. My first time he recommended some plates for me and rewarded my loyalty recently with some free rice pudding which was delicious.
For our first trip into this University area eatery my Wife and i tried appetizer Spinach Pie. We then moved on to Pasticcio (Greek Lasagna) and a Pork Souvlaki plate. Topped off with big cups of "Tropical Passion" Iced Tea.

The spinach pie was a good sized portion for an appetizer. It was warm, very crispy pastry and a nice spinach mixture layered within. I tasted the spinach, a hefty cheese, and maybe even some nutmeg. I liked the taste.

My Wife's Pasticcio was served in an rectangular aluminum baking tin. It was browned nicely on top. Breaking in to the concoction she found it hot and bubbly, a lot of ground beef, a heavy bchamel sauce, layered with pasta. The smell was wonderful. Her comment, "I am going to be so full when I am done with this".

My Souvlaki plate was hot, loaded with a nice bed of white rice, two skewers of grilled pork, Hummus, Israeli Salad, and two pitas cut in half. There were five thick, well grilled, and juicy pieces of pork on each skewer. The Israeli Salad was a chopped mixture of cucumber, tomato and onion. It was spiced well so there was a bit of a background "nip". The Hummus was thick and flavorful. it was just as I like it. I can see myself with a load of bagel chips and a bowl of it while watching TV. 

OK, 1/2 a pita folded, a good spoonful of some very good Tzatziki sauce, a spoonful of Israeli Salad, and two or three pieces of pork. Wrap it all together and open wide to enjoy these absolutely wonderful mixing of flavors. I was in love with a food again.

By the way. the Tzatziki was filled with chopped onion and cucumber in a thick Greek Yogurt. This was the real crowning touch to these little sandwich rolls I made.

The prices here are really reasonable. Expect to see a lot of College students. I would expect that this is a real good stop for them. Hearty food, Great Taste, and well within the College Student price line.

They have a great assortment of very interesting off brand beers. I watched a couple guys drinking a real nice looking dark beer. I think that a cold beer may be in the order when we show up here again, soon.
I was running around town for about a month looking for some good beef shawarma (seems like many other places just have chicken). And I found some with beef but I was not impressed. 

This is the first place I've been to that I've actually came back to. Their beef shawarma reminds me of the ones my family used to get in Philippines (yeah, that's a little weird.. Philippines for shawarma?!). It's so good! Their fries are also delicious. They're light and fluffy on the inside and crispy and flaky on the outside. And whatever they use to season them just makes it more yummy.

The cashier is also very nice. It's always the same guy every time I come in. 

Oh and it's such a plus that they have blue powerade for one of their fountain drinks, which surprisingly has more flavor than the ones you get at the stores.
It's about time I reviewed a place I have been eating at for over 4 years.  Good middle eastern food with UNLV specials, Stephano's gives that free drink with plates or sandwiches with a side dish.  They have a frequent diner card so the 10th trip is free.

I am partial to the kofte sandwich lately, and I have always been a big fan of the lentil rice with caramelized onions as a side dish.  The falafel is decent when I really crave it, but I try to avoid majorly fried food if I can.  The plates are good to get if you are super hungry, because they include meat (gyro, chicken or beef) and onions, tomatoes, pita, tzatziki, and Israeli salad.

Another big plate is the Vegetarian plate, and it comes with spanokopita, hummus, tabouli, dolmas, falafel....so it is quite huge.  The other thing I like is the tropical iced tea here.  Big screen TVs, huge couches, and yummy food make this place a convenient stop for lunch.
THIS PLACE 'GETS' IT! By that, I mean they know how to take care of customers. It is not fancy, and that's exactly what I wanted in the middle of a trip to Vegas book-ended by expensive, fancy on-the-strip meals. We randomly stumbled across this place while driving back to our hotel from drinks at Mandalay Bay. I love Greek food, and when I saw the sign, I knew that's what I wanted that night for dinner. Didn't know what I was getting in to, and it seems this place is in-tune with social media like Yelp and Groupon--smart of them!

First of all, walked in 10 minutes before closing...My wife and I are not the type of people to push the envelope--I understand closing times and if the people working who had been on their feet all day didn't want to deal with me, I'd understand--there were a plethora of other restaurants in the area we could have gone to another place nearby. But the guy behind the counter warmly welcomed us.

Had the gyro plate. A ton of food, all really good, especially the pitas. Hummus was creamy and good...Not the best I've ever had, but still--good! They weren't busy with it being so late, but the food came out in like 3 minutes...Did they know what I was going to order before even I did?

While waiting for the food, we were making small-talk with the gentleman behind the counter, and I asked about the spinach pie (I was torn between that and the gyro). 5 minutes after the gyro platter came out, he showed up at our table with a half-order of spinach pie, on the house, just because he wanted us to try it. What the hell? That's service. (And he knew I was an out-of-towner, not like he was winning over a customer that can come by once a week).

A few minutes past 9, as he was walking to the front door to lock it and turn off the 'open' sign, he explicitly mentioned to us, "I am closing up, but please take your time--no rush!" (Not sure if I've ever had that at a small, counter-service restaurant like this before). He even kept selling beers to another table past 9.

I was impressed. Excellent, friendly service and pretty darn good food. I do come to Vegas 5-6 times a year for business, and will add this mom-and-pop to my repertoire of 'locals' places that I frequent. 

Finally, like the post below says, the icing on the cake--or shall I say 'icing on the baklava' was blue Powerade on tap. C'mon...You don't get that anywhere.

We'll be back.
My co-workers and I were trying to figure out where to go for lunch. All of us were extremely hungry, and wanted some tasty food around the UNLV campus. One of my co-workers suggested Stephano's so I decided to go and try it out. Upon entering I saw it was pretty busy, so if you plan on getting lunch there around 11-12, be prepared for a line.

For $10 I got half a chicken, rice, Israeli salad, hummus, and pita bread. All of it was so filling and so satisfying. The chicken had a ton of flavor and hints of lemon. The rice was my favorite part of the meal. It had a unique flavor to it and even though I was full, I couldn't stop eating. 

Be sure you check in if you have a yelp account! Upon check-in, you'll receive a free baklava with any purchase of $5 or more! Definitely worth it!
Food was great, especially the Gyro plate. Growing up Greek with an amazing Mother who can prepare authentic Greek food, this is one of the first Greek Restaurants in Vegas that I really like. Great customer service as well and I will definitely be back.
This is for 3.5 stars. I really wanted mediterranean food and since this is on the way home from work, I stopped here on friday night for takeout. I ordered the chicken schewarma pita sandwich and two pieces of falafel (@ 99 cents each). The guy at the counter was cordial but not enthusiastic, kinda felt like he was getting through the last part of the day. I waited for my food; it was a short wait. There were two other parties in the dining area, which was nice. From the outside, it looks really small, but on the inside, it's a square-shaped space, and nicely decorated. Located across from UNLV, in the largest strip mall, with various other restaurants such as the Lunchbox. Another customer for takeout was behind me. I noticed that for yelpers who check-in, you get a free piece of baklava. If you're a UNLV student, you get a free drink when you show your ID. 

I went home and couldn't wait to devour it. I let my husband have a bite of each (he's on a weight maintenance plan) and he liked it. He's never had this type of food. I did like the food- the pita was soft, the tahini sauce tasted good, but the chicken tasted like it was charred (think charcoal), and I couldn't shake it. I've been particularly sensitive lately to certain things, maybe it was an off day, I don't know. I really wanted to like this place. I thought it was me. And when I had the falafel, I also got the same charred taste, but I also noticed that it was slightly burned, too. My favorite place for mediterranean is all the way in Summerlin (Sultan's Grill), which is far away from our area, so I thought I'd try a convenient place. I would try this place again, maybe get a plate next time. Plus, my husband's never had mediterranean food so it be worth trying again.
Great gyros that just melt in your mouth. That statement alone should get you into Stephano's to try them out! The traditional lamb gyro was absolutely delicious, and I love that you can choose between white or wheat pita bread which is made fresh in-house. Highly recommend this dish. Also, their french fries were strangely very addicting with the perfect amount of spices. And that sauce that they serve on the side was finger-licking good. 

However, I felt that the chicken gyro pita was a little bit of a let down. The meat was super tender and so succulent and juicy, but I felt the pita sandwhich overall was a little bland and one note in flavor. 

Overall I would definitely recommend stopping in Stephano's for some great greek dishes and don't forget to check-in on yelp to claim a free dessert or side!
A great lunch spot if you make the short trip over from UNLV.  The food is good and is way better than Paymon's down the street.  The food is a bit pricey for what you get, but it's usually worth it (along with the debilitating stomach cramps which generally follow a meal here).  Just get a gyro, and you'll be happy.
I don't care what anyone says, but this place is DAMN GOOD!  One thing that I liked was that all you yelpers who check in at places, you get a free side dish!!  

This place was flavorful, everything was fresh, price was decent, lots of seating area, the only down side...it's 20 minutes away from where I live!  

I love their chicken!  It has the grilled taste/flavor that you need in chicken at places like these.  

Their beef/lamb schwerma was super good!  It's actually legit and sliced off piece by piece from a large piece of meat!  Unlike some other places who use prepacked meat (cough I won't mention who).  Honestly, if you're gonna open a greek restaurant and want people to enjoy their food, don't get that nasty prepacked stuff they use at fairs...Just my two cents.  

Their side dishes were also very good!  I got a vegetable salad as a side to accompany my combo plate of chicken, beef/lamb, I was satisfied!  It was so good that I couldn't finish it and wanted to save it for dinner so I can enjoy it again! haha.  

Also, if you have room for more food, grab a baklava for dessert at this place!  Great flavors and texture!  you won't be disappointed....unless you get a allergic reaction to honey ;-)  

I'd recommend this place to anyone craving great Greek food!
This is seriously the best place to get my Greek/Mediterranean fix in Vegas.  I always get the rib eye skewers and the grilled shrimp, but everything is very solid, you can't go wrong.  The owner Nick and the rest of the staff are very hospitable and friendly.  

Special hint for you foodies, try the Moussaka, so so good!!
Falafelickin' good! I wish I live/work closer to this place; I'd end up here almost everyday like I do at Yassou. Like my lunch buddy Arvin T. who is obsessed with Vietnamese food, I am obsessed with middle eastern mediterranean food. At one point in my life I ate gyros salads five days a week (Daphne Camarillo days).

Stephano is a good choice for the browns, yellows, puerto ricans and even haitians. Even the people from zulu nations would like it. A meat lover like me relish at the ribeye wrap or the half chicken plate. Where as my wife on the Insanity diet prefers the falafel plate.  

When I retire, I think I'll go into the Greek/Medi cooking business since I promote them so much.
This place was a great find! Thanks yelp!! I wouldn't have found it with out the deal, but didn't really need a deal anyways. Everything was very reasonably priced. He was also really helpful in helping me figure out what on the menu was Vegan. It was apparently only the falafel but it was still absolutely delicious! The hummus and pita bread that it came with were also equally as good!
gotta say , the food was good and it came out really fast for not being a fine dining restaurant neither a fast food chain it has the best of both , congrats to Stephano for being the best it can be in your weight division .
Stephanos's has been a staple of the UNLV dining scene for years. Located right across the street, from the Student Union, Stephano's offers some great and authentic Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food for students craving more than just generic burgers and sandwiches.

Stephano's is a great place to be adventurous in your selections if you are familiar with Mediterranean dishes, but if your new to the scene, you can't go wrong with the Beef & Lamb Gyros, or the Garlic Chicken sandwich. However, a MUST try are the fries and the baklava. I don't know what they do, but have some of the best fries in the city. Super crispy along with a tasty fry sauce make it a must-have when stop by here. The baklava is incredibly flakey with subtle hints of honey and nuts.

The restaurant itself is pretty standard. Coming in you see a variety of chairs and tables, and you walk up to the front counter where you place an order. It's a cross of a restaurant (the food is usually brought to you and it takes a while to make it fresh) and fast food (you order off a menu board, pay right away, and get your own drinks), Tucked away in the corner is a lounge/couch area where they used to serve hookah and drink. They got rid of hookah, but the area is still open to those who wish to lounge around.

I consider the prices to be a big high for the UNLV/Student budget. At about $10 for a combo meal, its definitely approaching sit-down restaurant food prices. But I think its definitely worth at-least a try, especially if you are looking for real Mediterranean fare.
The food in this place is amazing the Israeli salad is crazy good and they have a collection of some of the best beers in the world. Please do yourselves a favor and pair up some beer and food. It makes it a who new experience.
I'm disappointed to only rate Stephano's as three star. This place used to be a rave review for me, but it's gone downhill lately.

They still throw their fresh, tender pitas on the grill, imparting a smoky char that adds depth to the flavor of sandwiches.

But there's less in the sandwiches than there used to be, and prices don't nearly justify the amount of food you get. Four slices of gyros meat on that sandwich. Three falafel balls on a pita for almost seven dollars? There are times when I can eat three Stephano's sandwiches and not be full.

Their fries seem like a poor imitation of the famed Athens Fries served up the street at Paymon's. The tabbouleh is OK, maybe a little salty. Grape leaves are textbook. The hummus is simple and adequate but nothing special.

Oh, and they have a tendency to forget items. Check your inventory.

They do have a notable selection of bottle beers and teas. There's also a Foursquare check-in deal for a free baklava with $5 purchase.

This place is OK but it's not what it used to be. Sad face.
Best Mediterranean food I've ever had. Seriously the best! I can come here any day, everyday! The atmosphere is amazing, the food is perfect and very authentic. 
The staff is always super friendly and they never have a problem answering questions about the food. I've actually met Stephano a few times as well and he's a very nice man.
My favorite thing I get is the chicken shawerma, with of course the French fries. Probably the best French fries I've ever had. I'm from Fresno, Ca but I visit family in Vegas every month, so every time I'm here I never forget stop by Stephanos.
Beside the amazing fries, the shawerma is perfect, I love the gyro as well, and you can never go wrong with the garlic chicken press sandwiches! 
Also, the last two times I went, I got the pasticcio and I fell in love with it. I'm gonna have a hard time deciding between the shawerma and pasticcio next time!!
Amazing!!! A must eat for anyone visiting Sin City! 

I had my 1st Gyro here 3 years ago and since then have been so annoyed by lack of quality in the Bay Area! Came back this week after searching google maps to find my Cinderella and WOW!!! I will forever visit this place every time I am in Vegas! 
Try the Steak and Lamb! 
My wife also went 1st time today and loves it as much as I do( after turning down my hunt for it 6 months ago)

*Perfect grill flavor
*Right amount of sauce
*Crispy Onions
*Warm slightly toasted Pita bread

Ohhh ps I don't like Mediterranean food, maybe because no one cooks it correctly. Except these guys!!!
Greek food always seems a bit pricey to me, but this place in particular stands out for its lack of bargains.  The food is the same as anywhere else, but I get irritated when there's not a good cheap option, or when you pay full price and leave a bit hungry.  Just meh.
Amazing food.  I could eat here every day.  Delicious flavors.  Big portions.  Highly recommended.  Love the chicken bowl with pita and special yogurt sauce.
Another find thanks to my trusty Yelp friends.  Apparently this place has been open since 1998, and I have driven passed it going to work for the last 7 years and went to UNLV and didn't know about it either, well better late than never. I had the shrimp kebab for $12.95 that included two skewers of marinated shrimp, served with rice and one of the best hummus' I've had along with a refreshing Israeli salad that I could eat for a meal itself. They have a pretty large menu of all your Greek favorites. Also they have party platters and they cater, and the best part is they deliver to my work! Sorry I'm just being selfish :) Oh and try the baklava!
Amazing food and very nice people. I go to UNLV so it's very refreshing to have such a good restaurant so close to campus.
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas...period!  The gyro rice bowl is out of this world with the rice, Israeli salad, gyro meat & tasty tzaziki sauce! 
I've had Mediterranean food many times before, but all that I have tried at Stephano's has been delicious. And for the price...you can't beat it! They even have a groupon sometimes so make sure to check in on Yelp for deals & with groupon!
Yummy!!
My fave Mediterranean go to in Vegas. Of all the times I have been I have never had a bad experience. I have brought many friends and family and they have all fallen in love with the place too. One of my favorite things about Stephano's is that whether you are Vegan or crave meat, there is something for everyone...including my two year old. The atmosphere is very relaxed they have a great selection of beer and alcohol and it's in a great location.

Some of my favorites that I order are the lo-carb plate with gyro meat (gyro meat, lettuce, tomatoes tzatziki) and the gyro sandwich combo. Make sure you Yelp when you get there, try their yummy baklava (one of the best!!!)
Definitely going back. Want to try it for dinner with cocktails ;). Took my Indian friend there and was a little worried. He likes food spicy. But he loved it! Ate my hummus too. The food was very flavorful and the portions were generous.
I had the Souvlaki and my friend had the Beef & Lamb Gyro. Prices were good. I do want to go back and try the Moussaka and Baklava.
I ate there for the first time today and had the beef/lamb gyro with fries.  It was wonderful, just like I remembered from back in New York.  The meat was fresh and the sauce was fresh and very good.  I enjoyed the french fries, but was too full to eat them, I'll heat them up at home and eat them. Glad I stumbled across this place.  I will definitely return.
What I did:
Went in, Checked in with Yelp, Got a free side by checking in with the app, ordered a combo plate, and a baklava. Ate. Ordered two Baklavas

What I should have done:
Sat in my car, Bought the yelp deal 15 for 20, Went in, ordered a combo plate, not used the free side, stack on baklavas till it totalled to 20 dollars. Drove off with a satisified belly and a bag full of sweet sweet baklava 

Man oh man if i had employment near the strip i'd totally eat at Stephano's a lot more often. I've been meaning to hit up Stephano's after trolling their booth at the 89XXX elite event what...two years ago? Yeah two years ago, it's been a while with Operation Enduring Freedom and all i just never had a chance to go.

Whoa the food is good. The Gyro is a lamb and beef blend. Would have loved for it to just be lamb but they do it right. They slice the gyro meat from the huge rotating hunk of gyro meat then they grill it some more to char the sides just to give it a fresher taste. Bravo guys and gals at Stephano's BRAVO!!

Their options of condiments is just Aladeen...Sriracha AND Tapatio?!? 

If gas prices were cheaper I would GLADLY make the trek toward the UNLV campus just to grab me a Gyro.
How did I go to school at UNLV and never come here for lunch? It is still a surprise to me since I love Mediterranean food. I was stuck in my ways and went to the lounge down the street and completely overlooked this little shop. 

The important thing is that I have been guided towards this delicious find now. Meeting a friend here for dinner before the AFAN Black & White Ball was an excellent decision. Even though food was a part of the event, I saw very little of it. Filling up on gyros, Israeli salad, and babaganoush was a smart move. 

I never got to try the baklava when they participated in a past Yelp event. With everyone speaking so highly I was almost ready to try one until I stuffed myself. I passed during dinner. Then Tien came to the event with a tray of the good stuff and my willpower went out the window. 

Sometimes it pays to have foodie friends. They will never lead you astray and make sure you are full.
Fantastic gyro, really great food here.
Harder than hell to get into (no U-turn on University, no lefts from either direction on Maryland), but worth the trouble. I was on the prowl for dolmas and found some terrific, homemade yumminess here. Will be back to try more!

TIP: They offer student discounts. This is much more healthy fare than the junk food surrounding the college.
Dolmahs, magic words, "My grandmother makes them." Oooooh yeah...
I love this place so hard!!
All of their food is freaking awesome! I could eat pounds of their Israeli Salad!
Best gyro I've ever had! I highly recommend getting the feta cheese added. Great atmosphere, comfortable seating, and ultra-friendly staff. When they get busy it might take a little while for you to get your order, but you will not be disappointed. I come here on average once a week and it's the best $10 I can spend for lunch.
Fabulous food. We spent $50+ on lunch just so we could try lots of things...and they were ALL delicious! Highly recommend!
Whole wheat pita bread! Amazing. Will come again when I'm in Vegas. Not pricey and quick service. A lot of seating probably because it's near the university so they must get a lot of students!
Great Food, love the authentic variety of Greek and Mediterranean cuisine.
Always a huge fan of Stephano's Greek restaurant across from UNLV. They have been here quite awhile. And, while a little pricey, their food is always solid. Personally I am a huge fan of their gyro specials and the fries come seasoned just right. I haven't really tried to much else on their menu with the exception of the baklava which is pretty good as well. I have heard good things about the evenings their as they serve hookah and the place turns into some hookah lounge kind of thing. Can't really say much about this place outside of lunch time. Overall though, a great place.
We were at a nearby bank and starving for lunch. Yelp search turned this place up, so we walked over. I had the #6 (chicken shawerma) and my wife had #10 (chicken kebab). We got the free baklava with our yelp check in. HOLY CRAP this was the best Greek food we've had. I also had an Innis &Gunn beer. The garlic sauce that came with the food was perfect with the hummus. Great food, great service. This place is one of those places you MUST try!!
The food was delicious! The service was awesome! Highly highly recommend! Thank you very much and we (all 19 of us) will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
I absolutely love this place!!!! Ask for some of the special garlic sauce... If only they could ship me some to SF!
back in the golden days of when it was called "the daily chicken" arises a new place of franken lamb/beef meat called STEPHANO"S! their food is still good and i still see the old dude still working there. im sure hes the owner. either that, he really likes their hummus enough to work there for over 10 years. all of their dishes are really good. i usually get the lamb/beef plates. their tablouleh is pretty good too. yay for shiracha. ive had better hummus. never tried their hooka though.
The best gyro sandwich I have ever had!  Every time I come down to Vegas, I always make it a point to stop by Stephano's for a gyro.  

Try their gyro pizza also.  Amazziiinnnggg!! If you haven't stopped by already, you are missing out.
We first had Stephano's ADDICTING baklava at a past Yelp Elite event and we were in the area, so we figured we'd stop in for some sweets.

We shared a Rice Pudding and some Baklava which were perfect sized portions and not too sweet. We will have to return to try their entrees which seem to be highly yelped....ALOHA!!!!
Overall: Amazing!!! A must eat for anyone visiting Sin City! 

I had my 1st Gyro here early 2009 and since then can't find a Gyro anywhere close to 1/2 as good.  Came back this week after searching google maps to find my Cinderella and WOW!!! I will forever visit this place every time I am in Vegas! 

My wife also went 1st time today and loves it as much as I do( after turning down my hunt for it 6 months ago)

Plates: Steak and Lamb! 
*Perfect grill flavor
*Right amount of sauce
*Crispy Onions
*Warm slightly toasted Pita bread

Recommend: Yes, Highly recommend to anyone that has the time to visit. And I'm not a fan of Greek food.
i tried the garlic chicken sandwich, lentil rice, and small humus plate. The flavors were fantastic! The garlic was not over powering, nice smokey flavor in the humus, which I found went so well with the sandwich. It came with fries, which were nice and crunchy with a nice tomato aioli to dip in. The rice had a good flavor, not yo heavy and very satisfying.  I ended it with a piece of baklava, which I must say highlighted the entire meal. The baklava was sweet, buttery, flaky, and had such a great texture to bite into.  I left full and happy.
Highly recommend garlic chick sandwich, lentil rice, fries, hummus & baklava! As you can see in this picture nothing left. It was gone in 60 seconds! Been here a few times, and never let's me down.
Great gyros at a great price. Ask for the garlic sauce, you'll be happy you did. Oh, and don't forget to pick up some baklava.
Delicious Food, had the steak kabob and it was fantastic... i could have ate the rice alone it was also super delicious! Def going back!
Visiting friends from out of state, this was worth it! So yummy!!!!
I recommend the garlic chicken sandwich.
Love this place. Great food, great fries, great fry sauce.
Had the Gyro and it was great. I get cravings all the time now for it, and other places really fall short. The only thing I would change in my order is to NOT get the plate unless you're really hungry. The Gyro alone is big enough. They wrap it in 2 pitas. It's huge and will save you some money. Don't forget to check in and get a piece of baklava free. Great meal and I wish they were closer to east henderson.

If you do get the plate, it literally can feed 2 people easily.

Interesting decor. most of it is what you expect....tables and chairs but in the back is a very lush pillowed getaway if you're in the mood to lounge.
Amazing food! Even gave me a free drink while I waited! Ill be back every time I visit Vegas.
Probably one of the worst Greek/ Mediterranean places I've been to. Very few places out here really know how to make authentic Greek/ Mediterranean food. The first time I went here I got severe food poisoning from the chicken schwarma plate, most likely due to the meat under proper temperature and the food overall was very bland and non-appetizing. It's been months since that visit and I finally went here today to give it another shot. BIG MISTAKE! I ordered an order of hummus, falafel, and a chicken schwarma. First off, the chicken schwarma was horrible. It was like taking chicken from Taco Bell, add some shriveled tomatoes and some tahini on artificial pita bread, and you've got yourself the ideal American version of this traditional wrap. They don't even know how to make a schwarma!!! The falafel was so salty and grainy...and if you've had great falafel before, you would know that Stephano's version is just crap. The hummus had NO FLAVOR whatsoever. When hummus is made, the garbanzo beans and tahini bring out such a robust flavor all on its own when made the traditional and proper way. Everything I've tried thus far is just soooo overly processed. Eating at Stephano's is like eating at the McDonald's of the Greek and Mediterranean food genre. I will never go back again. As a matter a fact, go right around the corner to kabob express on eastern and trop. Now that place is a lot more decent, freshly-made food that won't put a hole in your wallet. I swear coming from back east and Europe, people don't really know what good food is around here. Best Lebanese place I've tried thus far here in this town? Ali Baba's. hands down. * yells at Vegas. " go there! Go there!"* you will not be disappointed!! :)
I love Greek food, so I always try to go when I'm in a larger city. Great beer selection as well. The staff is very friendly.
Baklava and fries notable.  I wasn't a huge fan of the hummus.  I would stop by again if in that part of town. If you are in Henderson you gotta hit up the Great Greek.
The beef & lamb gyro is the bomb dot com.  If that's all you order here, I promise you'll be happy.  The meat is deliciously charred, there's just the right amount of ingredients, and the sauce is flavorful without being overpowering.  Also, the gyro is the perfect size; you're not ridiculously hating-your-life-full afterwards.

The fries are yummy, nothing too spectacular, but yummy nonetheless.  And they have a delicious thousand island colored dipping sauce that's a must!

I checked in on Yelp and got my free baklava.  It was super delicious and again the perfect portion for me.  Plus, everything is reasonably priced.  The gyro, fries, and drink combo only set me back $10.
Love there Gyro Lamb & beef plates! Oh and the Baklava is sooooo good!
This place is GREAT! We had the beef & lamb gyro and the shwarma! Delicious!! The salad was incredible...pickled beets & pickled jalapeos too!
Outstanding meal.  Ordered beef & lamb gyro plate with a side of falafel.  Falafel were crispy and tasty.  Gyro plate came with hummus.  Large portion will fill you up.  Everything was fresh and perfectly balanced.
I decided to try this place based on recommendations from Yelp. I wanna start off by saying that the food is good, I won't argue with that but you know what there are plenty of other places in Vegas who serves good Greek food as well as good customer service. 

I wanted to try the Moussaka based on the recommendation from another Yelper, they told me they were out something about the oven out of order. Then I checked in on Yelp and the offer is free baklava. They were out of baklava too. I decided to order the Shrimp Kabab. 35 minutes later we were still waiting for our food. There were only 4 table occupied in the whole place. My husband finally checked on them and he was told that they are now making it because they ran out of rice. The food finally came out a minute later.

They have good food but that was a disappointing experience.
Yummy!!!!!!!
I ordered the gyro combo. The guy behind the counter was rude with no personality whatsoever. It came out to $9.99. The gyro was burnt, dry, and chewy almost like a beef jerky! How do you mess up a gyro?  I only took a couple of bites and I had enough! I only ate the fries which was the only good thing. I don't even want to give it one star because it was the worst gyro I've ever had. Yuck!
Mediterranean food never goes wrong. 

I came during lunch time after dropping off a package at the post office nearby, which was crowded and full of customers in the dining room but luckily there wasn't a line. 

I ordered the Chicken Schwerma Pita Wrap (Wheat) combo, which came with fries and I opted for the Tropical Iced Tea they had on hand. 

The dipping sauce for the fries/pita wrap was delicious, although there was already enough flavors in the wrap for me to not dip/drizzle in the goodness.
Good food and quantity for the money, the falafel and Lebni are absolutely recommended. The customer service left me a bit annoyed however.... the guy taking our order kept misunderstanding what we were saying and then getting really mouthy about it before we could clear the misunderstanding. Happened twice during our order... then our buddy got his food in a couple minutes and me and my wife waited for almost a half hour for ours to come out. I actually had to go searching for someone, when I walked up to the kitchen, there was no one there... pretty sure a smoke break was taken in the middle of our food being made. Not ok. When they realized it they had to ask us what we had ordered and then he gave us an extra baklava for the trouble. Not really sure I'd want to go back with places like Kabob Grill around... WAY better customer service for about the same quality Med food.
Found this place via yelp while driving around town hungry one night, so glad we found it!

If we weren't so hangry, we would have gotten the jokes from the guy behind the counter much quicker! Friendly and helpful staff.

Ordered the feta fries, hummus, chicken shawarma and lamb/beef gyro.  Food was up very quickly, and was awesome.  These guys definitely know what they're doing! We'll def be back
Food was just ok for me. I had the spinach pie plate. The spinach pie was a little hard to eat. The outside was super flaky and crispy and the inside was really mushy and burnt looking. I couldn't cut it without making a mess everywhere. My boyfriend had their chicken gyro and his chicken was all burnt. He had to take off all the burned parts before eating it. Overall, I enjoyed their israeli salad and fries. If you want real good greek food, Yassou is the best
A last minute bite before we returned our rental car at the airport. Gyros and paninis very good, the feta cheese and olives came with a side of pita which was a looooot of food in the end. Israeli salad was pretty good, similar to what I had in Israel but smaller portions. Nice little find! Thanks to Yelp for hooking us up with the free baklava deal too :)
the most flavorful  food I've had since greece!!! pork shwarma was outstanding (and unusual in  Greek food) as was all four dishes at our table: and we had some picky people .the beef shwarma was tangy, lean, and outstanding spanakopita was light and flaky filet mignon cooked to perfection. we were visiting from San Diego along with my nephew from philly, and a cousin from jersey. my favorite meal in Vegas these guys would have a line out the door if they were nearer to the strip and ran some tourist ads
Gyro bowl with choice of white or wheat pita bread and free drink for students at $10. Decent amount of food. Pita bread comes out wrapped in foil to keep warm. Rest of food comes in an aluminum pan (if in cases you want to take leftovers, can get lid from them). Decent amount of rice and meat. Rice is so yummy imo. Wish they gave more than one container of the tzatziki sauce though :3 (maybe can ask but i never did ... ) so yummy with the rice and/or meat. 

Clean. Doesn't smell like hookah (avail at nights i believe?) = well ventilated. 

Free WiFi avail 

Not Busy every time ive been here. Aside from my own party, maybe on average 1-3 other parties there at the same time. Lots of tables. Spacious.

Close by to UNLV for students. Never came here aside from lunch time so not sure how it is at any other time.
One of my favs!  Found this place through groupon and have been going ever since.  Everything I have tried is super yummy!  In fact, we love this place so much, we have used them for catering for the past 4 years for our annual Halloween party.  Our guests always rave about the food and selection and I don't have to cook!  It's a win-win.  Their gyro and shawerma bowls are awesom and they have the best rice.  I normally won't eat rice when eating out but I love theirs.  The selection is great and they have something for everyone, including my vegan friends.  Staff is always nice and the place is always clean.
Awful!!!  Ordered the chicken Shawarma Gyro and hated it!  It tasted very fishy.  Don't know why but with every bite it got worse.  The gyro was also missing yummy Tzatziki sauce.  Maybe they make theirs differently but trust me it needed it.  Mine came with a tiny bit of some brown stuff, and no it wasn't hummus.  

That was another thing, their hummus was um, okay nothing spectacular.  The only thing I enjoyed was their service and fries.

Not planning on returning.
This place is mediocre at best!   I deliberately and extensively researched for affordable, quality Greek food in the Las Vegas area, and I was led to believe (by reading yelp!) that Stephano's would be worth trying *** n o t ! ***  When i arrived at lunchtime, there were only two other customers in this place, which is across from the UNLV student center.  THAT should have been a warning!  I ordered my favorite dishes to go:  spanakopita (spinach pie) and hummus.  When I eagerly took the takeout bag to my car, the smell of the food teased me too much, so I gave in to my temptation to sample the food before leaving the parking lot.  I'm so glad I did, because the spanakopita (hailed as their "signature" dish) tasted awful.  it seemed as though it had been baked, then sat out for a day or so, then deed-fried, then microwaved before serving it to me. In short, what they served me was more like a Greek hockey puck than a delicious, crispy, buttery delight.   

Even worse, when I returned to the store to demand a refund, the cashier laughed and told me he didn't know how to process a refund! (huh??).  He insisted I wait for the manager to return (from where, i have no idea).  Like a fool, i did wait, and wait, and wait...until I spotted a tip jar on the counter and told the cashier to just give me a cash refund from the jar, so I could be on my way.

Bottom line...there wasn't one person in this place who seemed to know what they were doing or seemed to care about what they were doing....and they even admitted that they don't even eat the food served there!  What's that all about??  

Too bad I can't reduce it's yelp score to zero!
Stopped in for a quick bite. Ordered a Gyro Pita on wheat pita. Everyone was very friendly. Gyro was pretty good tasting and decent sized. 
I ordered it without onions, but when I opened it up... It was loaded with onions. Boo! 
I picked them off and it was still pretty good. I don't necessarily mind the taste of onions (I cook with them, finely chopped) but these were large pieces.
I would come here again. Price for one Gyro is $7.30
Falafel was outstanding. Whatever you order (I love the kababs), order some on the side. The tahini will even come in handy with the chicken.
Hummus is good - but not amazing. Needs to be a tad more creamy. That's my only teenie complaint.
My only real issue: the table buzzer scares the crap out of me every time it goes off!
Enjoy...
I am so happy with the food and service I recently received from Stephano's grill. I was in Las Vegas last weekend for a bachelorette party and was looking for a good catering option that would deliver to the strip. Stephano's came through! I set up a meal delivery for 12 hungry girls at the Signature at MGM and they were awesome! We got the lamb/beef meat which was AMAZING as well as Hummus, salad and rice. The portions were extremely generous and they threw in a TON of extra pita! We had leftovers the entire weekend. Everyone I talked to over there was very helpful and the customer service was excellent. They delivered the food as promised, on time and threw in extra Pita bread and all of the utensils and plates. I would highly suggest them for your catering needs in Las Vegas!
Gyro was awesome. I really loved the cucumber salad that came with the plate. Hummus was mediocre.
I love greek food and took my mom and aunt there, my mom has never had greek food. Decided on this place, because my favorite place (Ambrosia) closed and all the good reviews.

Food was Ok. We had the dolmas (good) falafel (good) gyro (meh) and a combo with chicken (very dry) and Kofta (burned, dry and tasteless). The Israeli salad on the combo was very good.

When we got our drinks, we noticed a slimy liquid at the bottom (overflow) of the soda machine. We hoped the top of the machine where the soda comes out was better.

It was not awful but there are a lot more places to choose from.
I will not go back.
1 star for having tri-tip and filet mignon shawarma. (I had the tri-tip...yum!)
1 star for some legit tzatziki sauce. (I don't usually eat dairy...but I'd make an exception for this any day of the week.)
1 star for free baklava upon check-in.  (Not my thing, but the b/f really liked it, and I liked the free factor.)

No stars for the falafel - regardless of other reviews you might read.  They were just okay.
No stars for the chicken shawarma...very dry chicken, as if it had been made hours before and was left sitting out, waiting to be served.
No stars for the hummus...very bland.

My advice?  Get the tri-tip, skip the chicken, and try something you've never had before.
Great food great hummus..the sauce they give you for the fries is awesome. Gyros are really good! Gyro Portion size kinda small for the price. Free baklava w/ yelp checkin and is really good.you can get a tray for 10 bucks for 12 pieces to go and I recommend!! The whole menu looks good and I would definately go again..staff was very friendly.
The gyros here are great.  Nice place to stop by if you're near UNLV.
Came in during the week for dinner. Parking was abundant in the large strip center which was hassle free. Stephano's has another location in Henderson but this was my first experience at either location.

I placed my order at the counter for the beef and lamb gyro combo and utilized my yelp check in for the complimentary baklava. The young gal behind the counter was friendly and my food was ready within a few minutes for pick up. Overall the hummus, wheat pita, thick sliced gyro & salad were plentiful and yummy.   

Overall, a good experience at reasonable prices. I'll return here again when I have a craving for Greek food.
Super friendly staff & nice atmosphere. I usually order the 1/4 grilled chicken plate and OMG when I first tried it, I could not understand why I haven't been going here more often. That rice that comes with the platter is really some amazing shit. I also love the fact that if you show your rebel card, the drink is free! & for quantity & quality of the food, the price is worth it. Make sure they don't forget to include the garlic sauce with your order too :)
The staff was extremely nice and helpful. The food I thought was just average. If i'm in the area and need a quick Greek food fix, but I wouldn't drive across town just to come back.
Delicious.  I love lamb gyros
This place looks like you would have waiter service but there isn't. Ordering is done at a front counter and a buzzer/timer is given to you. After sitting down a few minutes then buzzer goes off and the food was at the pick up window. 

PROS:  Gyros
              Feta Fries
              Israeli salad 
              Sauce for fries
              

CONS:  Hummus (needed more seasoning or something)

I would go back again for a gyro.  Next time I will order regular fries instead of the feta, the cheese didn't stick to the fries so it was hard to eat at the same time.
It's located right across from UNLV on Maryland Pkwy which makes it a prime spot to go to if you go to UNLV and are sick of the food choices at UNLV. 

They have some good deals for students! Gyro bowl with white or wheat pita and a drink or even the typical gyro wrapped in pita with fries and a drink both just for $10 for students! They have great fries!! (I love good fries)

The serving size is decent and I usually take about half of it to-go because I can never finish it. So it's almost like two meals for $10 which is a good deal for us students!

I haven't had anything bad so far, even the baklava was delicious! It was a check-in deal either on 4square or yelp (I don't remember) but I wanted to try it and now almost always get one when I order with them! 

They have a good seating area and the back has pretty comfy seats as opposed to the regular dining area with normal chairs. 

Free WiFi is always a plus!

It's not usually busy, but when they do get busy, the food comes out just as fast!

Always a good place for something quick and cheap if you're a student. I come here generally twice a month.
I am a huge Greek/Mediterranean food lover so I had high expectations for this place after going to Market Grille Cafe for so long.

Walking in, I noticed immediately that the seating area was much bigger than I anticipated. Whether or not they get that busy I'm not sure, as I went around 2pm and there were only two other gentlemen eating there. Of course they play your traditional Mediterranean music which pairs well with the decor.

I placed an order ahead of time and initially planned on taking it back to work but decided to eat there instead. The man running the customer facing counter was pretty friendly and welcoming. To the left of the register I noticed a tall wall sectioned into different "levels" of beers; all assorted based on quality and price. I saw they had Innus and Gunn which had me perk up instantly since you'll typically find this at a liquor store only. I ordered one along with my meal but ended up disappointed as they had it displayed on the wrong shelf, expecting it to be $3.50 when in reality cost close to $5.00. When I asked about the price he replied, "Oops, someone must have put it on the wrong shelf. Do you still want it?" I was hoping he would have made some sort of effort to adjust the price this one time but no such luck. I went with a Blue Moon instead. This was my only negative experience since I work retail and whenever I encounter this issue I try to take care of the customer within reason.

I ordered a lamb Gyro wrap. When I called in and asked about the portion compared to a full Gyro, they said it's smaller compared to a typical Gyro but can still fill you. They were right about one thing, it definitely was filling. If this was "small" compared to their typical Gyro then you had better bring an appetite for a Gyro. This wrap was definitely a good size and the price was definitely generous for the amount. The meat was very tender and the hummus tasted very "authentic", unlike some cheap hummus you'd buy from a store. They also throw some pita bread and hummus as a side at no charge and free baklava, which was also very good, if you check in on Yelp.

I only give 5 stars to places that absolutely blow my mind. My experience was very desirable here and earned a solid 4 stars and to be honest if this were closer to home, for the price, portions and quality I'd definitely eat here over Market Grille Cafe. If you like Greek food you won't be disappointed.
This mainstay, 15 years, on Maryland Parkway, is very casual as befits an establishment catering to a college crowd though none were in attendance this evening.  We each ordered the lamb and beef gyro platter at the counter.  Our plates included an abundance of gyro meat, (2) enormous whole wheat pitas, hummus, an Israeli salad and tzatziki sauce.   Also available was a tray of pickled carrots. All the food was fresh tasting and very filling.

A rating of 3.5 would be more accurate.
This is the best Greek restaurant in town!

I have been ordering the #5 lamb and beef gyro plate since 2003. It comes with mounds of succulent gyro meat, an Israeli salad, pita bread, and hummus. all for about 11$. 

Also, Bacchus would be envious of the beer selection! There are over thirty beers including many Greek ones. You can also order ouzo to drink with your Greek beer. 

I had a crisp Hillas for 3$ which is reasonably priced for an import. 

Don't forget to check into yelp for a free baklava!
I was introduced to Greek food last year by my bf. He took me here :) great choice. I used to not like hummus and I really didn't try many foods if I hadn't eaten them before. I was super picky but I wanna say it was great places like this that made me brave enough to give other foods a try :)

Stephanos is absolutely the best Greek food restaurant in town. It has a lot of dishes to choose from and if you check in you get free dessert :)
The lamb and beef plate was delicioso. Took a friend and enjoyed the experience. Will go again. Thumbs up
I feel kind of bad for giving Stephano's 3 stars considering they have such a good reputation around town. I wanted to try them out for awhile (5 years to be exact) since I had heard such good things and finally did and unfortunately can see why I didn't rush eating here. I originally planned on ordering a falafel, but I wanted something that was a bit more filling and I didn't think a vegetarian option would do the trick so I ordered the gyro fries. I was expecting a bit more, but all I got fries with the meat on top and the sauce on the side... Really? I was expecting tomato and lettuce, kind of like how carne asada fries are made. Good thing I ordered it to go because I came home and definitely shredded some lettuce and chopped some tomatoes and it sure did make it 10 x better. The free baklava with Yelp check-in is delicious and I ate it even before my order was ready. Flaky and sweet, just how I like it which is probably the best baklava I've ever had.  The meat and sauce was good, but next time I'll probably just get the gyro and I'm sure I will be pleased. Although this is a fast food type of place, the inside is pretty classy and is decorated like a sit down restaurant.
Excellent Greek food served in nice, large portions. 

Stephano's is located right across from the university, making it a great lunch spot - especially if you're looking for something more local and authentic than the usual chain fast food. I usually get the Chicken Kebabs and have never had any complaints.
The food here is the BOMB!!! Never in my life have I had such GOOD lamb and beef!!! 

They are a little on the pricier side but you get a LOT of food for the price so it isn't bad. My roommate and I usually split one of the plates (about $16) for dinner and it's just the right amount of food!

The staff is friendly and the restaurant/bathrooms are super clean. 



The hummus is awesome! I always do a combo plate with the lamb and beef and OH MAN it never disappoints. So delicious!! Always fresh.

I try to eat here at least once a week. Great place.
I bookmarked this place a couple of weeks ago when the other location was featured as a ROTD- this location was by an upcoming work training, so I penciled it into my schedule and grabbed lunch here today.

Prior to going, I read the reviews and perused the online menu, ultimately deciding on the chicken shwarma plate- I'm a huge fan of the dish and it seems like few places get it right. When I heard another review mention the garlic sauce this one is served with, I thought for sure I'd found a new favorite place worth the drive. And the rather-high $12 price.

When I arrived today, I was distinctly underwhelmed.
Location was hard to find from the street- drove past it twice because the Stephano's part of the roadside sign does not stand out, and it is partnered with the word GYROS rather than the actual name of the restaurant itself.

But when I got in, I was the only one there, and the guy who took my order looked like he'd rather be anywhere else but in that restaurant. Order was taken with about 5ive total words spoken total. 

Order was out quick. Food was lukewarm, but plentiful. I still had hope.
Dug into the chicken and the quality was good, but the sauce I had so been looking forward to was a little runny and chalky- not at all what I wanted. Garlic flavor was very light, and the sauce seemed more like a tzatziki than anything else.  The salad was good, the hummus was okay and portions of everything were plentiful, which justified the $12 price. Pita was soft and warm, too, but a bit flavorless. But the chicken shwarma dish is just not what I'd hoped it would be.
I have been to both locations and received great food at both. The chicken kabobs had great flavor and texture. If you want some extra protein, opt for the low carb and get double the kabobs. The Gyro was very tasty, but could have used a little more meat. The israeli salad is excellent.
Went for lunch with a friend and was quite surprised with the interior dcor versus the outside appearance. I ordered the gyro plate and they accommodated my diet and switched out the rice for salad. Large portions however, I (would have given them a 5 star) but I would have liked more meat. If you like Mediterranean food its a great place for lunch.
This place is where it's at for some quick and delicious Mediterranean food. Staff is really friendly and they have a variety of authentic choices on the menu. I stop in at least once a week to have some of the beef and lamb gyro.
The guy who took my order was really friendly and I told him it was my first time eating here. He recommended the Chicken Gyro Shawarma, among other things. I decided to get that as a combo which came with fries and a drink for a total of about $10.

Kind of pricey in my opinion. I probably should have just stuck with the sandwich alone. After I ordered, I checked in and received my free baklava, a Mediterranean pastry. The food came out quickly after.

The gyro was great and I loved the sauce that came with it. Their fries also tasted fresh and were seasoned very well. The only thing is, I wish the portions were a bit bigger for a $10 combo. It was filling enough, but I'm not sure if it was completely worth it. I will say I loved the taste of the chicken. It has a good smokey flavor and you can see that they make it fresh when you're ordering.

Overall, this place has my thumbs up. They make me want to  try other Greek joints and see if they can compare to Stephano's. I give this place a solid 4 stars, and I would bump it to a 5, but as I said earlier, it is a bit pricey.
I have been here several times on my lunch break. Their hummus is amazing and their Israeli salad is super fresh. I like that I have the option of getting a whole wheat pita. 
I have gotten their falafel and kabobs and both did not disappoint. The staff members are super sweet and friendly.
I came to Stephano's wanting to fulfill a gyro craving, which was satisfied! Located right across the university, this Greek/Mediterranean spot is delicious. I ordered the Beef & Lamb Gyro & made it a meal with fries, which came with a complimentary fountain drink because I was a student. It was around lunch time when I went & it wasn't too busy, but people started arriving shortly after. 

I had heard of the place & it had always came up on my yelp when I looked for gyros, hummus or shawarmas so decided to check it out. 

The fellow that took my order was friendly & so was the one who gave me my order. 

The menu had a variety of items to choose from, from baba ganoush to all types of hummus & Mediterranean dishes & as much as I wanted to try all of them I just wanted a gyro. They had lunch specials as well at good prices. 

My gyro was delicious & the meat was juicy & tender. I am not a big fan of lamb, but most gyros are mixed with beef & lamb so it was pretty good. I love fries & fry sauces & Stephano's serves their fries with a killer fry sauce that's tangy & compliments their seasoned fries well. 

All in all I would return because to try their falafel sandwich.
The food here is super yummy and healthy when you're on the go! The staff is fun and helpful! Plus it's the best Baba Ghanoush around!!!!! Make sure you check in for a free Baklava.
I love their hummus! I also ordered the steak kebab plate and was overwhelmed and really happy! The rice smelled so good, the steak was so soft, juicy and tasty! Top this off with onions and tomatoes. Plus place looks clean and comfortable to eat at, and staff are nice.
I haven't had good tabbouleh since Emily's Deli in Minneapolis.  Stephonano's tabbouleh is amazing and the pita bread is crazy delish (better than Holy Land).  I plan to check them out again and order something besides salads.
I happened to be in this strip plaza as I needed to get to USPS which is a few door down from this place.

I go in & the place is dead, just 1-2 others.

I check out the menu not really sure if I want to order, as I know what good Greek & Middle Eastern food is, & restaurants rarely get it right.

I noticed they had Mousaka & I said WOW, I haven't had Mousaka in years. I said that to the girl behind the counter & she just looked like I spoke a foreign language. No smile, no warmth, nothing.

Every time I asked her a question she didn't understand a word I said & I was starting to get frustrated.

I wanted to know what was on the Israeli salad as far as dressing. She didn't even know & kept telling me nothing. I was amazed they don't put any seasoning on their salad, so I kept insisting she find out. How can someone work in a restaurant & NOT know what's on the salad that everyone gets (it comes with almost everything). 

She had to go ask the guy sweeping the floor & he didn't even understand. Finally I'm told it's lemon & I asked, because I don't use vinegar. It's unhealthy & it certainly shouldn't be on an Israeli salad.

Even when going up to get my food I asked if they only had plastic forks & she again didn't understand my question. Then after responding yes, she turns around & laughs at me. LOVELY.

Sure enough, it had vinegar on it & so I never ate it. In fact it was swimming in vinegar.

My only complement was mousaka, it was VERY good, but it was very small & for almost $12 it wasn't worth it. I never took the pita & of course the salad was a waste as it just sat there.

As I was leaving I asked her how much it would be if I got just the mousaka, not the salad or pita. She rang me up. I said NO, I want to know how much. I had to basically answer for her because she never could understand what I was saying.

She wouldn't give me a better price so I walked out & they didn't make the money.

I doubt I will be back. I can't stand cold ignorant people & the fact that 4-5 times I had to struggle with her understanding basic English & questions about the food, plus the expensive prices, they just lost a good customer, but knowing what I know about these types of people, they won't care.
Oh boy! Do I love this joint.  My go to place to dine by UNLV based on very simple restaurant principles (Affordability, customer service and delicious food) 

Its located in the plaza in front of the UNLV student union.  Cafe rio, wells fargo and Einsteins bagels are the main landmarks to identify this location

Service: You're greeted with a warm welcome by the guy behind the counter.  Patient and willing to explain any of the dishes and the different sauces you can get.  

UNLV students:  Get a free drink, just show them your rebel card

Yelpers: Check in for their baklava! Rich and flaky, a delicious treat that shouldn't be skipped

Food:  The food here is tasty.  Hot, packed with flavor of the Mediterranean and  with good portions.  I always get the chicken shawarma bowl which comes in a pie container filled with rice, chicken pieces.  Served with 4 pieces of hot HOT pita (white or wheat) and israeli salad (which you can substitute for fries or hummus).  You get so much when you order which is great, everyone wants to leave a restaurant full.  It also comes with tahini sauce (sesame seed paste) which is amazing.  Combined with the amazing forces of Garlic, this sauce is amazing with the chicken shawarma.  
Add some pickled jalapenos, it makes the bowl even better. 

Overall, Guy I love this place.  A place of honest food, Stephanos on Maryland should be experienced by all. 

**They have a new location in Henderson and honestly the food tastes much better at this location
I love this place, many, many lunches here when my office was nearby. Usually got the 1/2 chicken meal. The baba ganoush  and hummus are excellent and very fresh. I found the chicken kabobs a little dry, but the beef and lamb was very good. I need to get back here soon!
I used to order from Stephanos at least twice a week but not anymore! Last THREE times I ordered they messed up my order which is not very hard. Two gyro plates pita on the side. No salad. The nice guy that works the counter isn't there anymore and the new girl just doesn't get how to work the register or understand the menu. I'm on a search for a new Greek place!
Went to Stephano's for the first time yesterday. Food was very good. Had the Supreme Tri-Tip Steak Shawerma Fries. They were delicious!!!!!!
Lamb and Beef Gyro: your choice of white or wheat pita blanketing some super tender and flavorful meat, large dice onions and tomatoes. They were very generous on the amount of protein in their gyros; I remember seeing it all wrapped up, and being a little bummed because it looked a touch small (what? I was starved..) but when I picked it up it felt like a brick in my hand. Much more filling than it appeared. 

Fries with Herbed Feta: the fries I had were heavenly; golden and crispy on the outside- just to give it a little bite. The feta was plentiful- I hate it when I order Greek fries and my cheese is microscopic. I thought it was strange that it was served with the "special" fry sauce- I've never been to a Mediterranean restaurant that served fry sauce. I typically love the stuff, but the fries were great solo. 

Service: really awesome. I was at the counter, unsure of weather I wanted to try the pilaf or the fries.. I love me some rice pilaf.. The cashier was super nice and talked me through both; I really like when the employees seem to take pride in the food they serve. 

PROS:
Lots of meat.
As much extra sauce as you'd like. Free.
Good food.
Even better service.

CONS:
If there were any, this wouldn't be a 5-star place, now would it?
I ate here for the first time on Saturday May 3rd.  I had a friend in town who loves mediterranean food also, and I decided to search something new to try!  All the good reviews for Stephano's made me decide to drop by and I was not disappointed!  When you first walk in you order at the cash register, and then you pick your food back up at the front after a few minutes. They had a larger beer selection than I had anticipated which was a nice touch! I got the steak and lamb gyro, and both were "de-lish!" The steak was very tender (unlike many places I've been; where the steak can be quite tough), and the lamb was crisp on the outside and still tender inside.  Both cuts of meat had good flavor, and I loved the "mixed veggies/salad" that came with the plate!. You also get rice, pita (I chose whole wheat) and yummy hummus! The portion sizes were also good too, so I had plenty left over for dinner! I'd say... "Try it!"
First off there are very few restaurants near UNLV that are adequate for lunch and Stephano's is one of the few. 

Today, I ordered the gyros plate. It comes with hummus, a tomato salad, and one extra pita bread. The gyros is something special, the meat is charred which is very different from the one dimensional gyros that I have had at many Greek establishments. 

I left completely satisfied and will continue to come here for the comfortable atmosphere, solid food, and friendly employees.
Ok i miss my aunt Lynn, so I felt like a gyro and went to Stephano's gyros. Outside it looks like a little gyro shop The place was a lot bigger than I expected. With a Mediterranean feel for sure.

 So I ordered the chicken shawarma gyro, and the gentleman taking my order suggested I get the combo with fries and I drank Ice tea and I got a side of extra chicken so I can taste just the meat. 

I checked in on yelp and for checking in they give you a free baklava. It's a small peace, a lot of times the baklava is too big at restaurants too sweet and too full of syrup this was just Wright. So check in before you place your order.for a free desert 

Food was really good, very authentic, tasted just like my aunts Greek cooking, I miss her so it was a nice treat. The free baklava was good enough that I went back up and purchased another one it was only $1.07 well worth it considering a lot of desserts are $4 to $8 dollars my lunch including the extra side of chicken was only $13 I was really full. I can't wait to go back and try the spanakopita.
The waiters were very friendly, the food was delicious and the price was right. What more could you want?!
Good God. This place is heaven. Amazing food and exceptional customer service. After every visit to Stephano's, I suffer from post-Stephano's depression. Sometimes in the middle of the night I find myself craving those french fries....
Good gyros, quality meat, whole wheat pitas with yummy tzatziki sauce. My only complaint is I wish they had more meat in their gyros. For the price, I think they skimp on the quantity, and I say this after having had them on several occasions.
Best Mediterranean food I have ever eaten! Cheese gyro is amazing so is the falafel. There is no item here I don't love!
This is a review for the VEGAN yelpers out there:
They're quite nice here. To my memory, they have exactly two vegan-friendly dishes, as long as you omit the yogurt and the dolmas (the dolmas are cooked with chicken broth, according to the employee). 
Personally, I feel like I can get food just as good or better for a much better price. Not bad though!
Yeah this place sucks. I just walked in there asked if they had shwarma, the sassy lady who just walked up from the back and poorly rinsed her hands answered NO with the worst attitude. At this point things got pretty awkward so i asked my friend if she wanted to go somewhere else.  Every second after that the cashier stared at us as if i murdered her baby. She kept staring as we walked out. HELL NO. LEARN TO DO BUSINESS.
Definitely A-OK! Got a salad and shared a half chicken plate. Chicken was tender and flavorful (thanks for keeping it real with the skin on folks!!!) salad was fresh but it had a ton of feta dumped on top and the greens were in huge pieces and kinda hard to eat. Other than those minor criticisms this is a good place to grab some yummy Mediterranean grub.
Great place to stop and eat
Good Hummos 
Falafel
Good student vibe
And priced right 
Next to Unlv 
Always great and fresh food 
Fart service too
Pita Jungle is a great place to get inexpensive Mediterranean food (as long as you don't mind a bit of a wait).

The food usually gets served up really fast, but then your waiter leaves and -never comes back-.  I'm not ususally a stickler for outstanding wait service, but I do like to get my glass refilled and be given my check in a timely manner.

Never-the-less, the food is so good it makes up for any other flaws.
I just don't see the greatness in Pita Jungle. Sure they have O.K. food. They aren't as cheap as I would price them based on their food(it isn't that good). The resturant is realtively unpleant because it smells funny, and it is awkwardly designed. It is quite vegetarian friendly however.
WHAT A DIFFERENCE from the Chandler location to the Snottsdale location! The food is still unbelievably good, but here it comes with prompt service, accurate orders and fresh-showered, healthy/vibrant looking employees.

After this weekend I think I'd be happy to drive the 45 minutes to this location rather than the five minutes to the Chandler location for my Pita Jungle fix.
Nice large portions with pretty clean ingredients this place was a nice find.  My friend Andrea took me here and it was my first spot to eat in in Scottsdale.

I had the Pita Chips app which was huge and delish, as well as the Lavosh Schawarma Wrap.  It was big and filling and the chicken was good and there was a lot of it!  Definitely a good bet.  Inexpensive, clean, and pretty quick!
Huge greek food fan here.  The Pita jungle is awesome!  However, it's not the best place to get your typical greek fare from.  

FOOD: Their wraps and pitas (of course) are great.  For lunch, try the Schwarma Wrap and for dinner, get the Medchillada...it's huge!!!  The great thing about Pita Jungle is that it's extremely healthy for a restaurant.  Their food isn't greasy and they have whole wheat pitas and brown rice.   The hummus is always good as well.  They're not skimpy either...when you get chicken in a wrap, they stuff it with huge chunks of chicken breasts.

SERVICE - They have an opportunity here, but I won't complain too much.  This location seems to be better than others.  The wait staff is average, however extremely fast.  The kitchen can really get things out quickly which is great for lunch.

VALUE - Awesome value.  Just about everything is under $10 and you can get some pitas and wraps for around $6. 

If you're in to greek and/or healthy food, give it a try!
I never thought I'd say it but dammit, I have jungle fever.  

Pita Jungle actually makes healthy food taste good, which I didnt think was possible.  I usually go for some sort of chicken wrap, which comes with a salad, etc etc...  The hummus is also a staple in my PJ diet.  Cant go wrong with the caprese salad too.  

Service is something I think could be better...  The waitstaff is all pretty granola-y, which I have nothing against, but they dont so much hustle as they do shuffle around.  If you know what I mean,  No?  Go see for yourself.  But get there early, you'll usually wait a bit.
There are but a few things I can eat over and over and never get sick of, and one of them is the Broiled Chicken Salad from Pita Jungle. Ohh...my....GOD it is the best thing ever!!!!! I want to give it an award! It's the most simple salad I've ever seen but every ingredient is fresh, the chicken is marinated in what I can only assume to be GOLD, and the lemon vinigarette is incredible. Plus, it's an actual "healthy" salad, not typical these days where the caloric content of a restaurant salad reaches into the 1000s. 

I've tried other dishes here, too, but when I find something I love, i stick to it. It's not that I'm a picky eater. I eat pretty much everything. But I'm just loyal to what I love.  The Lavosh Shwarma wrap is great, too, and big enough to share or keep one half for your next meal. And their hummus is the best I've has anywhere - creamy and totally delish. 

Pita Jungle is my idea of culinary perfection - healthy, tasty, and affordable. When I've indulged (Read: Delux/DQ Blizzard/Z Tejas Frusions) Pita Jungle comes to me and my body's rescue.
Anyone who knows me knows I am addicted to their Gazpacho. It's so yummy and the pine nuts what a great addition. The cilantro jalapeno hummus is divine and so is the Gambas con Ajo appetizer. The portions are huge so you can definitely share with a friend. I love this place also bc I can walk in there after a yoga class and not feel like I am under dresses.
So how many different ways can you serve a pita? Well this place challenges all the laws of physics of the pita. Yes, it is good, and yes, it has a great menu. However, what I liked most was the diverse staff in the dead center of  DNA molecularly cloned Dolly-esque Scottsdale. They had to bus these people in from Phoenix, or Tempe. Like a diverse, artsy,  school equality program. They traded fake blondes, and muscularly tanned, ex-football jocks, who use way too much product in their hair, for artsy, unique, individuals. I wonder where the Scottsdale exchange workers went to? Anyway, if you want a cool lunch place, to kick back, talk to friends, or are just tired of cliched Scottsdale life, check this place out. (disclaimer: I do not reside in Scottsdale, but unfortuntely have to work in Scottsdale) I just pretend it's a Desert-ificated Norman Rockwell painting as  I drive by row after row of perfectly manicured landscapes. If Normal Rockwell lived in Scottsdale he would have changed his name to N. Roc Wells His friends call him "Roc"
Good, FAst, Cheap!

the production triangle. in my world your to pick only 2 of the 3....

Here you get it all...

had Chicken and Humus and Pita...delicious!...had to run to my yoga class only had 20min...there where blazing fast....serving was anapitizer but a big serving and under $10 ok so not taco bell cheap but a good value.. (at SAnta monica peir I once had a $25 taco bell bill for only two people! so location is every thing) 

Decore- I was really impressed I was afriad i need reservations!

can't wait to go back

edit-the coke was 2.25!  the meal was only 6.75 not sure what i feel about that yet...
I had plans tonight that were unexpectedly cancelled and after my yoga class (At One Yoga), I was starving. Somehow, I had managed to go all day without eating. Spontaneously, I decided to head over to Pita Jungle (Scottsdale and Shea) to see how long it might take for a take out order of Chicken/Hummus (sub cucumber for pita bread) and a small side of Tabboule. The bartender (Ana?) warmly greeted and, was cordial and efficient and told me it would be just a few minutes. She wasn't kidding! The total of my order was $10.39 and the bag of goodies was in my hands so quickly that it actually took longer for me to drive home...

The food held its integrity in the packaging and was 95% as good as if I was sitting on the Pita Jungle patio enjoying it with a glass of wine and about to head to the Gelato Spot for dessert. Tonight's trade off though is that, I had dinner while sitting in my favorite chair, with enough to have lunch and maybe a light dinner tomorrow night too!
Five stars to Pita Jungle for being one of the handful of places that my mom, dad, husband  all enjoy. Oh, and I love it.

After about 2 hours of deliberations last night we decided to head over to the Scottsdale location. Bad news was that it was a 25 minute wait. The wait was made even worse by the fact that I'm quite sure the hostess accidentally skipped over us at least once. But once we sat down we forgot all about it. The parents had the salmon ($13), my husband had the seafood provencal and I had the med platter (it's the first time i"ve gotten anything other than the lentil fattoush salad, which is one of my all-time favorite meals). We all all got the cup of red lentil Turkish soup which was fabulous!
Everyone was happy and full at the end of the meal and my dad was even excited about how cheap everything was.. thank you Pita Jungle.
A major drawback is the stale smell of the dining room.  My meal would probably have been a lot more enjoyable if I got to eat in the outdoor patio.

It's a good place, however, to take a mixed group - there's something for everyone - gyros and shwarmas for carnivores, Med platter (hummus, baba, tsaziki, tabouleh, falafel) for vegetarians.  Portions are generous - especially the lentil and rice side which was as big if not bigger than the mains.  Food hits the table fast and the prices are reasonable - no wonder this place is always packed.
Overall, I'd give this place a 5 star for fresh ingredients and taste, but I have to take away 1 star for its, errrr, pita?  Correct me if I'm wrong, but I found the pita to be a little dry and lacking in chewiness and since pita is the staple here, I just had to take away one star...  Otherwise, I'm sure the hummus would have been eaten completely instead of being enjoyed with a bag of Trader Joe's pita chips a few hours later (delicious!)..  Fresh tasty  food & I will definitely return!
The five stars is within the context of easy, affordable, healthy, casual dining. This is my default restaurant when I want a pleasant and delicious place to take my family. They have a great selection of flavorful food, lots of vegetarian options, hummus and the like, but also nicely spiced meat dishes, and very healthy wine pours with a good by the glass selection. 

The G Spot is right next door for gelato dessert. Yum.
I've avoided reviewing Pita Jungle because I just don't think my meager words can do it justice. So this is what I've come up with:

If I could live here for the rest of my life and roll around in their hummus all day long, I would die happy.

My favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix. Hands down.
One of my favorite spots here in Scottsdale!  I love their Baba Ganoush, Roasted Red Pepper Humas, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Falafel and of course the Baklava.

This place is is super inexpensive and they give you a lot of food...The only thing is eat fast because the food comes out of the kitchen at lightening speed! So if you order an appetizer wait to order!
Definitely one of my favorite places in Scottsdale!!!  I always order the same thing....  hummus as an appetizer and the pesto pizza as my meal.  Heavenly!!!  Definitely the best hummus I have ever tasted.  And the prices are very affordable. 

If I were to write anything negative, I would say that sometimes you have to wait awhile.  So, if you are going to the movies afterwards or need to get back to work..... leave plenty of time.  Especially if you prefer an outside/inside seat.
I really want to love Pita Jungle.  The food has always been consistently good.  In turn, the service has been dependably terrible.  This location takes the cake.  The following gripes may seem like an overreaction and, if isolated, may be.  It's just too bad that this type of service is par for the course at the Jungle.

The host was fine.  A nice enough kid, if a little in over his head.  It was a weekend afternoon and the crowd was accordingly large.  We were finally seated and our waiter was the requisite bored, slightly laconic twentysomething.  He took our drink and food order and promptly disappeared for an hour.  Seriously, we didn't see him again until it was time for the check and all he could muster was a weak apology muttered under his breath.  We did, however, get the unique pleasure of being assigned the hippest of hip female servers who brought us our food complete with a side of smug irony and a nasty case of stink eye.  At this time, we had to ask the totally overwhelmed host for silverware.  Nobody ever bothered to offer us drink refills.  

If I wanted to be surrounded by a bunch of kids who don't care about their jobs, I'd go to Joe's Crab Shack.   Whatever -  I'll probably still go back.
I love Pita Jungle's food (service is another story)!! Never had a bad meal. And what I love most of all is the lemon dressing they use on the Greek salad. It's soooo light and refreshing. The only thing I don't like is that they don't serve pepperochini with it. I could eat those things whole! Pita Jungle where are my peppers??

Anyway, as far as the service, I've gotta agree w/ Robert A. At both the Shea and Indian School locations, the service is very spotty. In fact, I was just at the Shea location last night, and after being seated outside...in the sun....we were not greeted by our server for 7 min! Ummmm....no water....no iced tea.....not even a "hello I'll be right with you"!!! On the flip side, the kitchen is lightening fast. No kidding, our food was at our table shortly after we finally got our iced tea! 
The Indian School location is worse for service. Because the location is so small, its like the servers are pissy just so you'll want to leave and they can rotate your table!
I'm not a vegetarian, but some friends visiting from out of town are.  After taking them here for dinner the other night, they loved it so much that we had to go back there for lunch the next day.

Their favorite dishes:
- Mediterranean platter, especially the eggplant dip
- Veggie stir fry, which is technically a side, but really large enough to be a main

I had beef gyro both time and would thought it was good, but I would have preferred lamb.
I love their food - but I am torn, I can't give them four stars because there service REALLY needs to improve!  I just go there to practice being Zen-like!  No matter how bad the service is I just smile!  In addition, I only sit outside because it is really loud inside which is far from enjoyable.
The wife and I love this place and have ate here too many times to count. Great salads, gyros, and pita pizzas. It's a popular and fairly healthy joint, one of the best places to get a good dinner for $10-20 I've found.
I love Pita Jungle. I don't live in Phoenix, but I visit often since my family is there. Every time, I go to Pita Jungle. My last visit, I went straight there from the airport. The food is so yummy, it's easy to order healthy, prices are reasonable, and portions are huge. I always have leftovers. The salads are my favorite, but the chicken plate with beans, rice and garlic sauce is also really good. And they have bottomless refills on my favorite drink -- Arnold Palmers. What more could you want? Pita Jungle, please open a San Francisco location!
Since I'm a regular at this location of the Jungle lately, I only feel it fair to review this one too... (I reviewed the Indian School location back in January).

This Jungle is still one of our regular restaurants on the rotation - it's cheap, healthy, casual, and huge portions.  Still consistent and I've never had a bad meal at any of the jungles.  I pretty much order the macro platter every visit, but on occasion I'll mix it up with a salad, wrap, or pizza.  Most recently, I really mixed it up since I was feeling adventurous.  I ordered us an appetizer of 1/2 hummus and 1/2 garlic dip.  I really liked it!    The texture was smooth and it went well with both the pita and cucumbers we requested.  Call me crazy, but I mixed it up even more and ordered the spinach pasta salad and added tofu to it for my entree - and again, delicious!  As a matter of fact, so good that I didn't even add my normal squeeze of sracha sauce!

If you haven't been to Pita Jungle, go soon - don't expect a fancy schmancy place; just go in with moderate expectations for good food that comes in big portions.  Speaking of big portions, I'm off to eat my leftovers... :)
I love there food, atmosphere, and there hip staff, which you could see working at trails. the portion size is eminence and the service is pretty good. I have noticed a couple more locations in phoenix and Glendale, will definitely be trying them out .
I love this restaurant!  The hummus with pine nuts and with chicken (or without) is to die for!  I love hummus, and this is so good!  I have also eaten their schwarma pits (fried garbonzo beans in a pita) which is equally delicious.  Yum!  I have also had a small lunch pizza with spinach, pesto, goat cheese, and tomatos. Yum! All in all this place has great food, and In have always had great service, and delicious food. It is very fun and consistent.  I will always go back!
If the kids like so do we.  Have come here a few times on our visits.  The pizza is good.  Nice folks.  We will be back again.
I like Pita Jungle. I like it a lot.

Yes, the portions are mongo, but you never leave wishing you had more.

I love that I can go here and still be healthy while eating out. The last two times I went I got the Grilled Vegetable Salad, which was tasty but I felt it was a tad on the oily side. Today I got a summer special -- the Mediterranean Salad, which had chicken, romaine, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, golden raisins, red onion, corn, cilantro and a lemon dressing. It was wonderful! I thought the raisins and corn were odd at first, but I really did enjoy it. And being that it was coming on 2:30 and I hadn't eaten much all day, I snarfed the whole thing down like a little piglet. But it was all good, healthy stuff, so I'm not feeling bad. :)

The downsides to this place are that it can be a little "crunch-a-fied," but hey, I lived in Boulder, Colo., for a number of years and so I tend to like that "granola" way. The only thing I sometimes see is that the service can be a tiny bit slow, but that could also be because it's generally hopping when I am there. The last two times I went the service was good.

I'd love to see them offer whole-wheat pasta. That would be a dream come true.

Good food, "crunchy" atmosphere (which I like), well priced and healthy, wholesome stuff.

Mmmm. I could go for some of that hummus right about now!

The servers seem to have a lot of those ear stretch things, which I don't get. Maybe it's part of the crunch-a-fied uniform. Ha ha. They can keep the ear things, just keep the healthy stuff comin'...
Pita jungle is "OK" at best, I'm Egyptian/Lebanese myself so i know what this food should taste like, Pita jungle do make a good attempt but the food is defeinitley not authentic, "BUT THEY DO NOT CLAIM TO BE AUTHENTIC EITHER", so maybe my personal expectations are just too high!!  but i must say" the Hummus is mediocre and the the pitas don't seem very fresh!
A few of my friends are obsessed with the Jungle and eat there at least twice a week, sometimes four times a week. I expected to fall in love immediately, but instead the relationship has been platonic at best. 

Having been dragged along by my friends on multiple occasions I've been able to try many of the menu items. So here's the good, the bad and the ugly of Pita Jungle...

The Good:
----------------
Lentil Fatoosh Salad - This lentil, rice and crispy onion and pita topped salad is one of my favorites. It's served warm and when fresh has a really great balance of textures and flavors. It's no good leftover (as with most salads)  so share with a friend or bring a hefty appetite. 

Blue Corn Nachos- My favorite appetizer item. A huge plate of blue corn tortilla chips is topped with numerous types of beans and more cheese than I've ever seen on a plate of nachos. It's accompanied by a side of tsatziki and pico de gallo. I recently shared just this with a friend and couldn't even eat half of it. 

The Bad
--------------
Medchilada- This gigantic burrito, which makes a Chipotle burrito look tiny by comparison, is rather disappointing. In this case, size DOESN'T matter. From the bland chicken and beans inside to the boring side of brown rice and pico, this dish is dull from beginning to end. 

Pesto Pizza- This doesn't taste bad persay, but I've had a microwave Healthy Choice pizza that tasted better. It's small, made on a pita and just isn't very satisfying. It pales in comparison to the glazed chicken lavosh pizza which is rather tasty. 

The Ugly
---------------
Store bought pitas from a restaurant who prides itself on using fresh and healthy ingredients. I understand that homemade pitas might be a lot to ask, but do the store bought ones have to be stale? Half the time I've ordered hummus, my pitas haven't tasted fresh. 

The waitstaff- Their website claims to have "fun and creative" people, but they are far from that. I've heard fans of this location defend the waitstaff as just being "laid back" and "nonchalant", but I can't help but feel they are just unfriendly and inattentive. They will bring you fresh drinks in to-go cups with no questions asked, but it'll take 10 minutes to get them. 

---------
Maybe I'm being harsh, but for a restaurant with such hype, I had high expectations which have never been met. I do like that I can sit for hours and never feel pressured to leave. That and the few dishes I enjoy are enough to keep my coming back, even if I have to spend half the time wondering where my waiter has disappeared to!
I don't get it? This place is always packed and the food is only ok. Maybe its the fact that the price is reasonable but as far as quality and authenticity, I would go elsewhere
I've been going to this pita jungle for years.  The food is really quite hit or miss.  i think I've had most of the stuff on their menu, here are a few standouts:  the hummus is very good, the shwarma is terrible, the turkey pesto wrap is good, the lentil fetoosh salad is very good, the club wrap is bad, the lavosh pizza is good, and the glazed chicken lavosh pizza is really very unique and tasty.  I'm giving Pita Jungle three stars only because of their service.  The service is not really terrible, I just find it annoying that the servers and the larger restaurant for that matter don't seem to care about your experience.  After being a patron of Pita Jungle for so long I find it weird that it seems like the restaurant actually tries to hire aloof servers.
I am a regular here - as well as the other valley locations - this one is closer to home though.  I feel like I know their menu without looking and I mix it up everytime I'm there - its great to order a few different appetizers and share everything - the more the merrier. I always feel that everything is really fresh and healthy. I have never had a bad meal here - however sometimes the service may be a little inconsistent. It's still worth a visit - its healthy, cheap and very casual.
Oh how I love Pita Jungle. 

I go here often - this location and the Arcadia one. I have tried a few things, but I have a tendency to pick favorites and not stray from them. I LOVE the Spinach Pasta Salad (which I add chicken to). The Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus is sooo yummy. 

To be honest, everything else I have tried hasn't really done it for me. I had the Lemon Chicken Artichoke Pasta Salad the other night and I just wasn't feeling it. The falaffel is good - but nothing compared to Pita House. My date got the salmon - he said it was really good. 

The servers are always, well, entertaining. I feel the urge to go spend my latest paycheck at American Apparel before going in for dinner. You know, the whole 'unattractive on purpose' thing. Can't say it's a trend that I've ever been into. 

The Scottsdale, Tempe, and Arcadia locations all fit the same mold. Trendy, nice little spots. However, I went to the Mesa one the other day and it just seemed a bit off. The set up is weird: seating is on one side and the bar is off in space in the opposite corner. I asked the bartender how business had been - she told me not so great.
I've been to many middle eastern restaurants, but for my tastes, Pita Jungle has the best hummus.  It is not to thick, not too thin, not too garlicy, not too mild.  Every time I go to Pita Jungle, I resolve to change things up and eat other things, but the hummus is too tempting and I normally get a side of mixed beans to round out the meal.

Sure, the 1,000 beans meal is great, but it is often too much food if I also have hummus.
Had dinner here last night. We used to go once a week and have dropped back a bit because of the service. PJ knows that the food is good and the price is right. They pack the house even though the servers treat you more like a nuisance than a valued customer, which is why they don't improve (and the only reason I knocked off 2 stars). I know they are all super-emo-cool but come on, there are lots of places to eat and the economy is bad! Treat me like you're happy to see me spending money in your restaurant! I have high hopes for the soon to open Desert Ridge location.

The chicken and hummus and lavosh shawarma were right on, as usual. You might be aggravated with the staff but you won't be disappointed with the food. Carry out anyone?
Pita Jungle is one of Fran's favorite restaurants.  We eat in or carry out from there at least once a week or more.  

We typically have the soups and the chicken hummus.  On occasion,  I have strayed and had the black bean, veggie burgers and Gyro Sandwiches.  They are all good.

If I have one complaint, it is that I feel that the menu is a little bit limited for me.  It might be because I'm burned out because we eat there so much.

In the end, you can't argue with the quality of the food or the prices.  I actually believe that Pita Jungle is one of the best values in town.
We visited Pita Jungle two consecutive nights while travelling in AZ. The first night, fantastic. Good service, waiter knowledgable of vegan items on their menu, great food. I had their hummous/tabbouleh plate and it was *enormous*. Normally, I make it my mission to finish my food (waste is my TOP peeve), but I just could not do it. So much delicious hommous...perfectly smooth, though not too thin, not too much garlic nor oil. And the fresh tabbouleh...yum. Nice and parsley-y. Easy on the mint (I detest too much mint in food). The pita, however, was a dissapointment. Too chewy. I could not eat that either. -Which is not good for a place called PITA Jungle.

Mum loved her pesto pizza (on a pita). Though, it was a bit heavy on the cheese, the pita crust remained crisp. We shared a yummy eel river ale and table water (which def. needed some lemon).

The next night, we tried to order another ale, but as it was friday night and they are in a lot with a cinema, they were quite busy, and had run out of glasses. Not just chilled glasses, all glasses. Never a good sign. 

Then, we ordered a cup of lentil soup for my nephew. It came out after a time, but not in a cup -a HUGE salad bowl. "Er, is this your cup of soup?" "We ran out of cups." And, apparently, they were running out of soup...because it seemed like the dregs and was ice cold. 

Luckily, the clean glass and beer arrived. Followed shortly by our other food, another pita pizza for my mum and the Falafel plate for me and my nephew. Thankfully, these items redeemed the night. Mum liked the Pita Pizza even more than the other (perfectly prepped mushrooms, and a bit less cheese), and again, the falafel plate was such a generous portion that there was plenty for my wee nephew and I to share (since he had no soup). The falafel were delicious, hot, crisp outside, soft within, not too salty, nor oily. The baby loved them. Came with lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and pickles! -which are not mentioned on the menu, so do NOT order extra, as I did, and risk the stink eye from your waitress and an abundance of pickles (albeit tasty ones).

We ended up enjoying ourselves yet again, but we had to wait quite a time for our bill, and then had to remind the waitress to remove the lentil soup. So, great food, huge portions, great prices, but woo... they need to be ready for friday nights.
SIMPLY the BEST
Coming to Desert Ridge in Jan. 09!!!!!!!!!
West side of Tatum -North of 101 -in corporate officepark
Yum! You know you're in trouble when you get hungry and immediately log on to yelp to find out where you are going to eat. But you haven't done me wrong yelp, in recommending Pita Jungle. 

Today I had a lunch of baba ghanoush and the pita pizza. There was plenty of BG left for me to take home, but the pizza was gone in almost an instant. Let's not debate this in the classic Chicago vs New York style, this is a pita with pizza toppings on it, not brain surgery. But the ingredients were what made the meal. FRESH. the spinach was not previously frozen, the tomatoes were firm and juicy, the mushrooms were not out of a can! there was a touch of feta, and just the right pizza spices. 

It was small, pita bread small, but that's cool, just because I want to eat like a pig doesn't mean I should...all of the assorted staff who approached me were friendly and the service was quick. I will be back for falafel, for pesto pizza, for the macro platter and a couple of the other sandwiches that looked good.
I've been to this Pita Jungle a million times... they are easily my all time number 1 pick for quality and consistency of their food, great value for the money, great atmosphere, and anything else you could think of for a cool, hip place to eat "not bad for you" food. The one thing that consistently lacks is the service, I swear it is like they hand out a new hire book that tells their servers to be aloof. BUT WAIT!!! This afternoon, I met the wife for a quick bite and had Nick for a server- the dude is awesome! He's not all up in your bidnez awesome, but laid back awesome. I am so totally thrilled to be able to write about a good service experience here because I really do love this place. 

So even on it's worst service day, I would still eat here, but I am stoked to have someone I can ask for when I go next time (probably next week :)

Eat here people!
Yum, Yum, Yum!  Went here for a late lunch, and was surprised how busy it was for almost 2:00pm.  The two of us were able to be seated right away, and received super fast service.  The hummus is delicious, although they give you a huge plate of hummus and only 1 pita with the small order....I could've used a couple more, but whatev.  The greek salad I had was the perfect size and delicious.  Just what I want in a light lunch!  

Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots, or dinner spots when I'm not eating pizza.  :)
My wife and I had dinner here tonight and as usual, it as fantastic.  The only problem was the Tomato Basil Soup ended up being very salty.  So, I sent it back and it ended up being a blessing in disguise because I got to try the Turkish Red Lentil Soup.  What a pleasant surprise that was, if you get the chance I highly recommend Pita Jungle. One of my favorite places in Scottsdale.
I loooove Pita Jungle!  Their food is incredible and healthy - a rare treat these days.  The hummus that kicks things off is some of the best I've ever had.  I've stuck to a few dishes including the Chicken Masala and the  black bean burger (I'm not a vegetarian, but I prefer it to real burgers now!).  I have yet to find hippy health food that compares.  The servers are always really nice and attentive, and best of all it's fairly cheap.  I would definitely eat here every day if there was one closer to old town!
that was likely the cleanest, healthiest gyro i've ever eaten (for better or worse). and the falafel balls were crunch crunch yum. i thank my phoenix native roommate for the suggestion - it was spot on what we wanted.
I love pita jungle and this location, since it seems to be bigger than the others. Awesome hummus and great Shwarma Chicken. Go check it out. You won't be disappointed.
I LOVE this restaurant!  GREAT hummus selections.  Fun staff.  Very reasonable prices.  You'll definitely get enough to eat!  There's cool are inside and lots of great seating outside.  I love that everything is SO healthy and that it's like a little hippy haven in the middle of posh Scottsdale.  Location is great!  It's a great place for lunch or dinner, especially if you want to eat before hitting up Harkins!

EAT HERE!
If you don't get here by 11:50, you can pretty much have a 15-25 min wait, espcially if you want the patio - and we all want that.  Everyone else has done an excellent job in reviewing them & their food, so no sense to repeat.  

Myself? i luv the chicken wrap - wow - such fresh ingredients, tender chicken, GR8 tatziki - how do you spell YUM?
Simply fabulous.  

Showed up on a Monday night (of all times) and this place was hopping.  As in packed.  As in - the only seats were outside.  

I was pleasantly surprised with attentive wait staff, inexpensive prices, and absolutely amazing food.  

Had the hummus, the Falafel Pita, and some Baklava.  I highly recommend it all.

You definitely have a new fan.
Love the pita jungle!!!  My fave is the chicken and hummus appetizer.  Definitely enough for a meal and super cheap too.  Also love the chicken swarma sandwich and the chicken pizza.  You can't go wrong here.
Best hummus on the planet. 

My favorite restaurant of all time.

The chicken pasta salad and the chicken combo platters are my favorites.

They catered my wedding almost 7 years ago and recently catered a bridal shower I hosted for a friend.

I've been to the Tempe, Scottsdale, Arcadia and Desert Ridge locations. All of them are awesome!
Love, love, love Pita Jungle. The food is absolutely delicious!!

For as many times as I've enjoyed their food, I've never actually dined in the restaurant (we always get takeout) - but judging by the crowds I always see - it is a popular spot for sure!

 I have ordered several things off of their menu and loved it - I usually get the Greek Chicken salad - they give you TONS of chicken and it's so delicious!
Love Pita Jungle! They have the best grilled chicken breast ever and will not tell me what they marinade it in :O)... all I know is that it takes three days to marinade.
I love their broiled chicken salad and hummus (original flavor) appetizer. 
My girlfriend and I go there at least once a week! we're both obsessed. It is healthy and reasonably priced.
Healthy food, delicious tea, but crowded on weekends

FOOD
I am usually not a fan of hummus- but this was the first place I've gone and liked the hummus. It was delicious! Every dish around us that was brought out to other tables looked delicious. (I only ordered a pita and hummus) The menu had a great mix of lite meals and heavy entrees. Great if you need a snack or a full blown meal.

AMBIANCE
The decor is unique- there are paintings (that are for sale) on the walls. The kitchen is open and you can view it from the dining area. 
It's noisy and usually busy. There's not a lot of room when you enter the main door. If one or more parties are waiting you may need to step outside to have any room. 

OTHER
When I asked for an extra pita at the end of the meal I expected to a $2.00 + charge. They only charged us .30 for the pita :) It was great!

Try the Iced Tea- it's delicious too!
I'm so glad I found PJ! I'm on an extended visit from the Bay Area, and getting tired of the 'over-bearing' fancy places in Scottsdale ... everywhere I go, I feel like I'm in a place where every element of the dining experience (architecture, tables, even the darned restrooms!) has been carefully crafted by committee to suck me in and empty my wallet .  PJ is decidedly 'rough and ready' and all the bettter for it.  

The caprese salad (tomato / mozzarella/basil) is surprisingly good, and the chicken Lavash (sp?) is fabulous - their bread products are pretty good!   My g/f enjoyed the Salmon too.  I love sitting outside in the heat at night, watching the world go by.  I would warn against the Chicken Tikka Masala, though; the waitress said 'It's good if you like Indian food'; I'd say, only try it if you've never tasted the real thing!  The chicken was pentiful but chopped into mechanical looking cubes, and didn't taste like they'd been in the sauce for long ... and the sprouts were decidely strange.   But still .. the atmosphere, and most of the food, are fabulous, so they get my vote and return dollar!
We frequent the Pita Jungle more than any other restaurant in the valley.  It's a great place to go for fresh, healthy, delicious food.  Undoubtedly my favorite restaurant around.  I love the decor of the Tempe, Scottsdale, and Chandler locations, but I think the Desert Ridge location strayed and tries to be a little bit too posh.  Regardless, the food is still delicious.  Try the red pepper hummus and the baba ganoush.  And the tablouli salad with hummus and feta cheese.  And if they still have the masala chicken special, eat that too.  You can't go wrong.
I went today with three friends for dinner around 6 PM Sunday night. Though it seemed quite busy, I was pleased to get a seat within two minutes upon arrival. Outside seating, despite a hot Arizona summer, was pretty nice with shade. However, this is where the pleasanties end.

Our table remain neglected for approximately twenty minutes. No one bothered to offer us drinks, and it was quite irritating to see tables who arrived after us being served appetizers. When our waiter came, he did not even apologize for the wait, and we gave our orders: drinks, appetizers, and pita sandwiches.

The hummus and garlic dip came relatively quickly, only twenty minutes later. Both were alright, but something is seriously wrong if all of us were only served one pita with the two dips, and each dip was more than twice the size of the pita. We asked our waiter for extra pita, and he kindly agreed. The entire duration of dinner, it never came.

Refills were also a pain, as we would ask someone to fetch our waiter, and he wouldn't come until ten minutes later.

An hour after ordering could not possibly justify only four meager gyro sandwiches. I've been to plenty of other businesses who have made that kind of order and more in just ten minutes during a busy lunch hour. Half the tables outside already left, including tables that arrived after us, and we were the last ones served. The food was of average quality, and I've been to better with cheaper prices.

Slightly expensive, I can see as justified. But many agree that time is worth much more than money. I had an excessive amount, over an hour and a half, wasted on a decellerating Sunday night. Staff is kind of nice, but I suggest a serious change in priorities so that first time customers like myself aren't immediately turned off. I can say for certain that I'm never coming here again, and I'll find myself at better places much closer to home.
I'm moved to write a limerick instead of a haiku...this time:)
   
     We stopped at the Jungle at lunchtime,

     The Hummus and Schwarma were both fine,

     The food is all scrumptious,

     The service is bumptious,

     All in all, though, we had a good time:)

I just noticed that I wrote an entire limerick without a single reference to Nantucket...a first for me:)

A solid 4 stars:)
Really good hummus and garlic dip, with the real star being the babagonoush (and yes, part of the fun of ordering is saying babagonoush).  I've never eaten here, only at the Tempe location back when I was in school, but whenever I am in the mood for something different to munch on while watching the game or if I have to take a dip or something to a party this is where I stop off
This place is always consistent. For the most part the service is always good and the food always comes out quickly. I love the red bell pepper hummus with steak, it comes with pine nuts, which Pita Jungle has made me a huge fan of. 

My go-to item on the menu is the Philly chicken pita. Always the same, always satisfying. I have gone to different locations in the valley a bunch of times and never been disappointed.
Visiting my sister in Phoenix we went here after 13 hours of sitting in a car and we couldn't have asked for a better decompression meal. 

     Started with some app's.  Falafel on a big bed of fresh butter lettuce, onions, pickles, olives and tomato.  Tasty, but the falafel's were i little small for the size of the bed of lettuce.  Baba Ghanoush was excellent.  Pure eggplant flavor with a dash of spice for a perfect dish.  But the best was the Spanakopita! Perfect layers of delicately sauteed spinach, crumbled feta and crispy crunchy filo.  The burst of herbaceous flavor and creamy decadent cheese was balanced and delicious.

For entrees, I had the Sirloin and Humus.  Decadent diced pieces of sirloin steak pan seared and tossed with pine nut's over humus. DELICIOUS!  The steak was cooked and rested perfectly and was complemented nicely by the earthy tones of the pine nut's and the slightly tangy woody notes of the humus.  My wife had the Broiled Chicken Salad.  Tender juicy chunks of chicken over a huge bed of lettuce, tomatoes and cumbers topped with zesty refreshing lemon vinaigrette.  Everything was fresh, crisp and delicious.

As for the personality of the restaurant, our server ( I believe her name was Lauren) was very nice, not pushy but helpful and was really on top her game.  No glasses were ever more than 1/3 empty and used dishes were whisked away within minutes of being placed aside.  The restaurant was a little loud and the tables were a little close, but even those things were vastly overshadowed by the rest of the experience. 

A great treat and one we hope we'll get to try again.
Everything is good.  I put 5 stars on the Tempe location.
HUGE fan of the Tempe location from my days at ASU so was psyched to hit up the Scottsdale location when I was in town last week. Still hard to beat the Schwarma lavosh wrap. Would love it if they opened a location in SF. Come on, please?
Pita Jungle is great and some locations even have live music!
The food at Pita Jungle is always good.  I like the garlic potato dip, the lentil fattoush salad, the Greek chicken salad, and the medchilada.  But everything I've ever had here is tasty and fresh.  I just wish there was one closer to me!
Conveniently located across the parking lot from Harkins Shea Cinema. They offer a step up from movie theater pizza for a quick bite before or after a movie. The menu offers nice vegetarian selections. The food is consistently okay. Beyond the hummus sampler it is mediocre vegetarian fare with a Mediterranean influence. The Gelato Spot is strategically located next door.
My husband and I were visiting Phoenix/Scottsdale and decided to give this restaurant a try.  We liked it so much, we came back to this location once and the one in Tempe another time.  The food is fresh, there are plenty of alternatives for vegans and non-vegans and the service was solid.  I loved the hummus, babaganoush and the veggie burger!
YESSS. I am truly blessed to live across the street from the Pita Jungle. This is one of the few places in Scottsdale with a good selection of non-meats. I'm fairly sure they've imported the attractive hipster waitstaff from Tempe as they look adorably out of place in this neighborhood. My favorite dish is the One Thousand Beans hot pita and I do believe it has nearly ONE THOUSAND BEANS! For about $8 it feeds me for three meals.
Had one of the best servers ever! I wish I got his name. But we were there last Saturday for lunch. He was ON it - I didn't even notice my ice tea was refilled until I went to take a sip and then he even asked if we wanted to-go cups when we were getting ready to leave. He didn't bother us unnecessarily but was always there too...how'd he do that? AWESOME! (He also came running out when my friend left her cc .) 

The food was DELICIOUS as well. I had the Shwarma - which is a hot pita with roasted chicken and all kinds of other goodness (hehe, I forget - but look it up on their menu). It was a good portion too, no skimping on meat or filling. The chicken was marinated to perfection, tangy and full of flavor. I was delightfully surprised. The pita itself wasn't dry either like I've had at other places. I ate the whole thing and am craving more right now. 

This location has a nice outdoor seating area as well as a jumble of indoor seating with not much privacy ..but at least the sound doesnt carry too much. We had a baby with us and sat inside, and we were comfortable. Gets busy during the lunch hour - though they said it'd take 15 mins for a table and we only waited maybe 5. 

I'm already wanting to go back.
I wish this place was in California!!! I would eat here often.  The food was delicious!  
My husband and I were in Scottsdale staying at my brothers, and wanted to go somewhere healthy...after 3 days of non-stop fried foods, burgers, pizza, well...you get the picture.  My brother said he knew the perfect place, Pita Jungle.
We arrived and took a table.  The server was great, the menu was huge, many selections to choose from...it was hard to decide!  My brother got the Chicken Pasta, husband got the Beef Gyro, and I got the Mediterranean Chicken Shawarma Pita.  All were excellent!  Especially mine!  There was SOO much chicken inside, along with hummus and lettuce.  Mmm..I wish I had one now! :)
The prices were great too, I think my Pita was something like 6 bucks.  Very reasonable for a great dinner.  I will be eating here again next time we're in Scottsdale.
P.S.  Pita Jungle please come to Long Beach!!! :)
I would give 3.5 stars if I could.

My friend and I tried this place for lunch one day.  The place is modern and has a comfortable feel.  We were seated promptly and started off with Chai Tea Latte which....wasn't really my favorite.  

My friend had the Beef Gyro which she really loved.  I honestly did not care for it but Mediterranean food was never my favorite from the beginning so I trust/value my friend's opinion more.  

I had the Pesto Pizza with chicken with the recommendation of the waitress.  I thought it was just ok.  The pizza was tiny and had not much flavor.  Again, I thought it was because I'm not used to the Mediterranean food but my friend didn't care for it either.  

*Location = close to the stores
*Ambiance = very comfortable 
*Service = a little unreliable.  we were served wrong dishes first and they had to take it back.
*Food = not my favorite...as for my friend who is into healthy food, her rating was around 3.5
*Price = Ok
Healthy. Delicious. Semi-non-chain-like. ;-)

I came here with a friend from SF tonight, after seeing another friend (Gene X.'s) stellar review of this place. 

At first I was a bit reluctant since it was in a strip mall, but after learning that "everything in Phoenix is in a strip mall" from my local friend, I settled in fine. We shared the cilantro jalapeno hummus and each got the Ahi Sesame something salad with pineapple, mangoes & strawberries in it - very yummy. I definitely liked this place, and it was a refreshing find for Phoenix - a city full of chain restaurants and strip malls, but with a few gems such as this one. :)
Really good, reasonably-priced, dinner option.

I was a little skepitcal (being from out of town) because of the name and the uninspired strip mall that houses it. But my native pho-town guide said it was one of his favorites, and that his career exile in DC had him missing Pita Jungle.

The hummus was fantastic - one of the best I've ever eaten, and the accompanying pitas were very good. We all ordered various forms of the chicken shawarma (pita or plate), and they were large portions of chicken, fresh vegetable additions, and delicious sauce. It was a great deal at about $10. I also got the butternut squash soup, which was good, but not amazing.

Pretty cheap eats for this part of town, fresh and delicious food, good service, very fast food prep, and a really lovely establishment overall.
There is a level of rudeness that we encountered here at Friday lunchtime that takes the biscuit, cake and pita bread. 

I was with a party from work which had checked in with  No idea what was going through her mind but to openly question if your Q Jumping, go back in to check, then have  my friend go back in to show his licence  just for the privilege of buying   lunch  here? Hey Soup Nazi was a  fictional character not a training video! 

Hard to enjoy food after such BS.  That being said the server was great, the food came out fast. The food was as good as the Pita Jungle I frequent in Arrowhead  ( with the nice staff :P )  and would easily have made it to 3.5 or 4 stars.
Good eats!
This is a perfect lunch spot. Prices are great, food is excellent and it's  healthy. Pita Jungle was a regular lunch spot for me when I was working in Scottsdale.
I love everything about this place and I eat at a Pita Jungle at least once a week. Here's why I love this place... 

First, the waitresses are all super cool and edgie. If you're a semi-goth chick with a couple of tattoos, midrif, belly button ring, and hot body, you ought to apply to Pita Jungle and go get me some hummus. 

Second, the hummus. I get a hummus plate with 1/3 hummus, 1/3 babaganoosh, and 1/3 Tadzhiki (my spelling stinks I'm sure). This is a great appetizer and is fun to share. 

Third, the prices. This place is a great bargain. 

Fourth the portions... They're huge! 

Fifth, the "Garden Veggie Wrap". Okay I love meat. But occasionally my body tells me I need some veggies. When this occurs I go to Pita Jungle and order this beast. It's huge, it's tasty and it's loaded with veggies. I figure I get a week's worth of veggies in one sitting with this baby. 

Sixth, everything else. I love everything on the menu... the smoothies, the Lavosh Schwarma Wrap, the pizza's, the wine list, and the Seafood Provencal is an amazing portion of seafood for 10 bucks. 

In closing please excuse my spelling. I ran spell check and apparently my spelling here is so bad even spell check can't help me.
Pita Jungle is always consistently good. We have been there quite a few times now, and every time we leave with our bellies full and satisfied. We are big fans of the pita crisp and the quesadilla. The service is usually fast and efficient, and the wait staff is young and funky, which gives the place a hip, local vibe. I would recommend this place most for lunch or a quick dinner on a weeknight, when you want something healthier than the usual fast food type places, but you don't want to go to a 'sit-down' type of place either, (even though pita jungle is sit downish too). Well, hopefully that made sense, but all in all a great place to grub on some good food!
My friends and I love going here for lunch. Not sure why, but it 'feels' healthy. Not sure if it is or not, but I'm very stuffed when I leave. The bell pepper hummus is awesome.
This place is always so awesome to go to...The food, art, service-everything, i always feel great leaving this place.  My favorite Items are probably the Red Pepper Hummus (which i add chicken to), the Chicken Shwarma, Veggie Burger and the Shrimp.  Also-they have one of the best Iced Soy Chai Latte's in Town!  Enjoy feeling healthy and happy while eating here-its awesome.
Love the Pita Jungles. A huge menu and unlike most places with big menus, their food is really good. Good food at great prices and the portions are ridiculously huge. They are single-handedly contributing to American obesity ;)
The cilantro-Jalapeno hummus if incredible, as is the gazpacho. Actually, I have never had anything here I did not like.
 
Everything is fresh and the ambiance is cool and hip. what else can you ask for...
Awesome. Just awesome! Great menu, great atmosphere (despite strip mall location), great service and DELICIOUS food. Wonderful selection for vegetarians and non-veggies alike. The name is kind of weird, but trust me, this place is worth a try!
I was suprised at how much is on the menu. I was just expecting pita wraps and that is not the case. They have a pasta dish and hummus and all sorts of good stuff. I ordered the hot Philly Steak pita with onions and green peppers  for $6.95. It was so good and i cant wait to go back to get it again.. I always worry about getting philly steak sandwiches cause I love them but some places dont trim the meat real well and you get lots of fat on the meat. Not this place, no fat on this pita. My friend got the California Club cold pita which was $7.95. It was  huge and she had to take half of it home. It came with a side of cucumber sauce. That sauce is delicious. I love this place and cant wait to try some of the other items on the menu. The best part was I left saticfied and perfectly full. We were quick to be seated and the food came out quick as well.
I may be new to Yelp, but I have been a huge fan of Pita Jungle for years!   I have dined at many locations including Scottsdale, Phoenix and Tempe locations.  

I love the cozy wine bar atmosphere!  My only wish is that there would be a sit down location in Old Town!  

I love the hummus, you can order ask for the humus trio - well worth it.  By far my favorite is the Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza!  I get it with extra chicken!  The best!  I am also a huge fan of the Grilled Vegetable Salad.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!  

I eat in or pick up Pita Jungle at least once a week!  The portions are great and for dine in they have a great wine selection! 

What can I say Pita you're awesome!
We love the Pita Jungle.  What's not to love.  Excellent food, extremely reasonable cost.  Heavy wine pours.  We go every time we are in town!
I've been coming to this Pita Jungle off and on for a while, since I work nearby.  I can't figure out why everyone that works there is a jerk.  It seems to be only me - I see other people getting good service with a smile, but I'm always "S"-d on whenever I come here.  Today will be the last time I ever do.  Great food, but the one star is for the unconscionably rude staff.  My bro-in-law and another good friend feel the same way, too, and we're tempted to think it's because we don't look like we belong here, but that's just a shot in the dark.  Once or twice I'd forgive, but EVERY time?  F this place, seriously.
Stopped in today for lunch.

This place is usually busy because they have good food and friendly service.  I ordered the chicken tikka massala.  It is a large serving and comes with plenty of chicken and rice.  Nice flavors and spices.  Plenty to take home for leftovers.

Enjoy the outdoor patio when the weather permits.
Pita Jungle is where I learned that I like hummus! I never purchased hummus anywhere before eating there with some friends. My friends ordered it and I loved it. Since then, I've tried hummus many places, but I still feel that Pita Jungle has the best. Their pitas are awesome of course too!
Although this joint is by far one of the best restaurants NOT kept secret - I wanted to share my delicious experience with their temporary summer menu, inserted in their regular menu.

We ordered the "fried cauliflower" - it has now become a  pregger-status craving (anyone can have these cravings - sans baby!!) they are cooked, creamed with a yogurty sauce and mixed with fried sweet onions and dusted with curry powder, and at $3.99 you have no commitment. Just try it!

We also ordered a chopped chicken salad - I have no idea what the name was but it had a great flavor - and the addition of grapes and celery just made you want to take your clothes off and run through the sprinklers. THAT good. 

Also, I wasn't aware that P. Jungle had a Happy Hour - let alone a REVERSE Happy Hour - which I would probably be more inclined to go to. I think they have $2 beer and $3 house wines - but the HH ends at 530 - a little early. Reverse HH starts at 9pm and offers a ridiculous array of cheap apps - $1 hummus, etc. 

I O.D.'d on pita jungle awhile back - but I'm back baby!!!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale, I come here about once a week because it is Delicious and healthy. I bring friends and they all love it when i bring them. Every time I come (which has been once a week for the past two months) I try something new. So far I have no complaints, the food has been terrific. Everyone should start off their appetizer by getting the chicken with hummus (Its the best). So far the best entree I have had is the Lavosh Shwarma Wrap, its just flat out great. Then if your still a little hungry i would recommend a cold watermelon smoothie, BEST smoothie I have ever had. Now the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the service is a little slow. It is always crowded every night, and the waiters and waitresses seem to move slow. Its definitely possible for them to be quicker if they tried harder I think. But besides that the restaurant is a grand slam.
this really isn't the best pita jungle out there. the food is great, but i rarely get my food the way i order it. servers are kind, but seem overwhelmed during lunch - often we get our food and don't see a server again until we're ready for our check. i can't give them less than 3 stars because i really, really like the food, but i wish it would come to me the way i order it more often.
Consistently good. Solid service. Healthy, light eats at an affordable price. Also close to the movie theater.
I have heard the Pita Jungle radio commercials for months now and have been wanting to try it. Today I finally did and it really was great. I went in during their lunch rush, OMG it was packed but the "to go" waiter was fast and knew exactly what to recommend.  I had the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) it was really tasty. The price was not bad so I will definitely return. This is now one of my new favorite lunch spots.
I just don't get the Pita Jungle craze. What am I missing? I feel so left out! 

I've been to Pita Jungle at least 10-15 times because of friends who just *love* it. I've tried dish after dish and nothing has really resonated with me. Everything has been okay, but never spectacular.
Consistently a good experience. Amazing hummus, always a variety of new dishes.
Pita Jungle, where have you been all my life???....

Grabbed lunch with my Medical Director here the other day, kinda nervous cus you know...it's the MEDICAL DIRECTOR. 

They asked if we wanted inside seating, outside seating or first available. I blurted first available and she said she had a table right away. I think the big guy wanted to sit inside cus it was kinda warm outside.

Anyway, I wanted to order the Seared Tuna with Hummas but that was like $10 and his salad was more like $7 so I went with the Hummas with Taboule which was about $7.

Taboule is considered a salad I guess, I was sorta expecting lettuce and whatever but it's actually a bunch of chopped cilantro mixed with onions and lime...?  Then it was piled on top of their AMAZING hummas....OMG.... *drools again just thinking about it*

Served with 2 good sized pita breads, this was a fantastic lunch for me!  I even had enough left overs for dinner. The Taboule was surprisingly delicious and the hummas was orgasmic.

I will definitely come back again!
I've decided to boycott this location.
Every time I dine in or take out, the food is very different.  Different portions, different tastes, always different...
I frequent the Desert Ridge location, so not all is lost :-)
When I want to eat kind of healthy this is definitely the place to go.
OK, OK, I'm playing favorites, but I want to give props to the Pita Jungle on Shea.  Yes, that's right, props.  They have the same excellent food as the other PJs with servers who are engaging and attentive.  Tiffany was our server today.  Our order came quickly and she never stopped smiling.
Now, why haven't I hit them up for their HH before now? 
$1 humus 
$2 dolmaldes 
$3 chicken & pine nuts 
$3 glasses of wine?! (wow) 
{and this wine snob actually liked both the white and red, each from Argentina.} 

kids meal is $5 which includes fruit, drink, and things like pasta, chicken AND broccoli - it was a very big kids meal and extremely healthy. Alot of choices - cuz we all know how picky kids can be! 

I am defiantly go back to partake of this amazing deal asap - esp now that the weather has broken and time to be outside on their patio!
Always fresh, love the specials and the best flavored iced-tea. They ask if you want to take some to go so you have something cool to quench your thirst on those steamy days!
You gotta try the Chicken Philly Pita sandwich. It has huge chunks of the most juicy, flavorful chicken I have ever tasted!! How in the heck do they do that? Along with the red and green bell peppers, onion and cheese, this is a meal that can't be beat. Add the jalapeo and cilantro hummus and you'll be in pita heaven! I've liked all the pita jungle locations, but this one is really exceptional. I took a friend who I consider to be a "foodie"... He couldn't stop raving about how good it was. The server was really great, too. She visited our table just when we needed something. The mango-raspberry cheesecake is phenomenal, by the way! We told the manager how great everything was. 

Let me encourage everyone to let mgmt know when you've had a great experience in their establishment. Our country has become so fast paced we often forget common courtesies. It seems we are much more apt to say when something has gone wrong. Everybody wants to appreciated so take a minute to say thanks when you find someone doing an exceptional job!
Pita Jungle has become a hit on so many levels; after a movie, Happy Hour, reverse HH. 

Their chicken dishes are absolutely great. But, the real hit is their felafel's. 

We have also used their catering and it too was superb. We had a group of 75 to feed, we chose the chicken dishes and the group was blow away and we had extra to spare. 

Enjoy!
Incredible mahi mahi hummus special!
Inventive dishes, but the portions are too big to justify their motto of 'the art of healthy eating.' 

The service is average. On a busy night, try to order everything at once otherwise you will be at the table for a long time. 

Always try a special. They are almost always excellent. 

The hummus is excellent. We get it everytime, automatically. 

PJ is a great spot for a date or a casual dinner. Be sure to get your order in promptly, otherwise you'll be at the table for awhile. Drinks are available, but are not set at world-beater prices. 

Insider tip: try Pita Jungle for breakfast! They make a great egg pita sandwich!!! (Coffee is average, btw)
Flipping awesome.

The hummus cannot be missed - we had a plate that was split plain and roasted red pepper. The pita bread is bomb.

Service was great - they are all very humble and casual (attractive, too) and after describing a dish we had seen there once before but was no longer on the menu, he whipped it up for us no problem. 

All in all, you are eating light, healthy, filling, and fresh. What's there not to love? Plus there's a Zen Zen fro-yo next door. Done and done.
I just realized I have never reviewed this place even though I come here so much. Is the food authentic middle eastern? No, but its still darn good. Love the menu options. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious... Totally my go to place. Enjoy!
Yummy hummus.....
I can't get enough of eating at this chain.  The cilantro hummus is a must as is the veggie burger.  Meat eating friends fall in love when I take them here and there's plenty vegetarian dishes for me.
I have been wanting to visit this place for awhile now but only knew about the Chandler location (see review)
LOCATION: In the same shopping center as Harkin's movie theatre. Convenient for dinner and movie!
ATMOSPHERE: It was a Wednesday night and this place was bustling! We had to wait 5 minutes to be seated. Dimly lit. Casual. Nice large patio area. 
FOOD: Large selection of Mediterranean food which we selected: 
1. Chicken wrap (schwarma) - pita wrap with lots of veggies, chicken, and a creamy white garlic sauce, which was very strong but good. The chicken itself didn't seem to have too much flavor but everything together made it A-OK.
2. Chicken with hummus - chosen by the native who consistently orders this dish. Comes with hummus topped with some grilled chicken with side of pita bread. Very, very good! Hummus has good flavor without the overwhelming cumin taste. Only complaint is that this dish is essentially veggie free. Out of the 2 selections though this one is better maybe because I'm a hummus lover. 
SERVICE: A little less attentive than we would like but it was super busy. Otherwise no complaints.
PARKING: Private lot in a shopping center/movie theatre complex. No problems finding a space. 
CONCLUSION: Good food, nice atmosphere. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean food so I would definitely come back!
Noisy, but nice. 

I met a girlfriend here for a lunch so we could catch up. The restaurant is very noisy; just one big room with an open kitchen. Most of the tables are so close together, you can hear other people's conversations. Although, I will say that the couple next to us were having a fascinating conversation about Sarah Palin and the whole "I've got you in my cross-hairs thing" and I was tempted to join in. 

That said the food is good, healthy, fresh, and plentiful. My friend enjoyed the gyros, big and bursting with meat and crisp vegetables. I had the glazed-chicken lavosh pizza; delicious with honey mustard glazed chicken, cheese, and onions. Just as important, the lavosh pizza was artfully presented and people around me asked me what I'd ordered. 

Prices are fair and the wait staff is friendly. As I was paying the bill, I asked for a drink refill and the server brought it to me in a to-go cup, nice.
Rarely do I give a 5 after just one visit, but my visit to Pita Jungle yesterday deserves it.  I was in a hurry, so needed food to-go.  This is often a dicey predicament.  I walked by on at 1:30pm on a sunny 72 degree day mid-week & the outdoor seating was almost full and the inside tables were packed with servers sprinting around every corner.  I walked to the back, asked for a menu, selected the special - Seared Yellow Fin Ahi burger on 12-grain bread with spicy aioli served with a side of garlic new potatoes for only $7.99!  I sat down, sent a text, Tweeted once - took a sip of my diet pepsi and was surprised to have my food delivered to me.  It was 4 minutes!  Holy cow!  The tuna was perfectly seared and deep pink in the middle and the aioli was tasty but not too spicy.  The bun was fresh and the potatoes were garlicy - but not too strong to prevent me from speaking to dozens of students at ASU a couple hours later.  On my next visit to Phoenix in March, I will return!
How can you do better than this for fresh food at a great value in a bohemian asmosphere?  You can't.  The hummus is smooth (and great with chicken), the gyros are stuffed with flavor, and the signature dish is the chicken del sol... Get it in you.
Salmon dinner with spinach and mash potatoes are to die for...Salmon is so juicy! I cant bring myself to venture away from it
Great food!
The hummus with chicken...I wish I still lived in AZ for this reason...I heart Pita Jungle!!!
While I loooooove Greek food, I have to say the few times I've been to this Pita Jungle recently, I wasn't impressed.  A few weeks ago I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, usually a full-bodied flavorful meal and it was downright bland!  I came back a week later and ordered the falafel wraps only to find out they gave me one tomato slice (the tiny end piece) and what could be called a "drop" of sauce.  Again....bland!   Not to mention the service was slow.  My mom had to get up twice to remind them of our drink order.  While I know that Pita Jungle has a great reputation and while I will say I have had good food there in the past....recent developments are leading me to believe the contrary.
I need to start this off by saying Mediterranean/Middle Eastern/Greek food is the one food I really know best, so I consider myself somewhat an expert on this one.  
Well, I ate here today and had the gyros and half order of tabbouleh.  The gyros didn't have enough meat and who added lettuce?  Not enough tzatziki sauce, also.  Must meh.
I ordered a half order of tabbouleh--something I make myself and well--and it was a very generous, below average tabbouleh...but they were very generous, anyway, with the portion since I found myself bringing half of my half home.  Still meh.
Maybe something else is better in there, because there were tons of people eating there...and I know it ain't the only game in town.
Next time I'll try something else and maybe then I will give it more stars, but for the gyros and tabbouleh just meh.
However, the host of the place (he could have been an asst. manager) seated me and gave me superior service, so I tipped well.  He was definitely not meh!
Ah yes. The good life.

Just finally had Pita Jungle for the first time. Read a lot of reviews about it. Friends bragged about it. Did some research online. Then I decided to order my lunch online since I only had an hour for lunch.

I ordered the Mediterranean Salad with a side of Mixed Beans.

Salad....divine. Golden raisins. I got mine with double chicken. Dressing wasn't necessary. Enough flavor in the vinegar and light oil. I only ate hlf of this thing because it was DAMN huge.

The mixed beans were interesting. I thought it would be a small portion. Turns out it was for a family of 14. Ok.....I'm overdoing it a bit. Family of 4. Amazing mix of pinto, lima, northern, etc. Fantastic flavors.

I'm coming back. Short review? Yes. But keep in mind, I ordered my food, picked it up, met my friend's parents, ate, and wrote this review all in one hour.

Order ahead online for pickup. 

Best. Place. Ever.
I've eaten here a few times just hoping to get something amazing since it has such awesome reviews and it's always busy. The food is good but not great. The service is ok, not great.
I would often times pass by this place heading to get a protein shake from One Stop Nutrition which is basically next door.  The food would always smell terrific, and the patio was always bumping.  The wife and I finally decided to check it out on a warm, beautiful Arizona night and thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  Our server was laid back and friendly, the food was healthier than most food  places and the quality was pleasant.  Prices are decent as long as you don't get wine like my wife and I did.  Was really impressed with this place and will be going back.
I really enjoy the Jungle.  It is a great place, and the food is almost always spot on.  I took one star off because more than a couple of times,  the service was not the best.  I recommend the lavosh shawarma wrap and greek salad.  Yum!
Great healthy place, love eating on the patio. Cilantro hummus with a little squirt of lemon on top is a good healthy snack. I like their chicken pasta salad, although the portion of pasta is a bit gratuitous. Maybe if they added some more flavor to it it would be more edible but once you're done with the chicken the pasta isn't too appetizing. However still a great place to eat once in a while.
Met my ma, bro and sis there for lunch the other day. Very crowded and noisy, aside from that the food was awesome as it usually is its been my this has been my fourth time eating there.
Amazing food, great alternative for a more "healthy" choice, and awesome happy hour. Best Gyros, best salads, and best ice tea to name a few. All in all, a FAVORITE!
The food at Pita Jungle never disappoints. Everything is made with high-quality, fresh ingredients. Four and a half stars for food.  I have a problem with the inconsistency in service. One and a half star for service. 

I've called ahead and placed to-go orders several times. I've never had a problem--everything comes out in generous portions and in a speedy manner. 

Tonight we decided to dine in (well, on the patio). Big mistake. Not only were we neglected for most of the meal, but "something happened to our ticket" at the kitchen. Thirty five minutes after we finished our jalapeo hummus and veggies we were brought some hastily-prepared food. Portions were considerably less than what I've received in my take-away orders.  

Our server approached us as if he was a random customer. I didn't realize he was a server until he told us about the specials. He was sparse throughout the meal too. Didn't even apologize for the delay until he brought us the bill. 

Maybe dining at home is the best way to enjoy Pita Jungle, which is a shame because this place has so much potential.
Excellent lentils and brown rice :). Highly recommended.
Went there for the first time today.  Love this place!  Fresh ingredients, good service.  I had the tuna w/pita bread.  Generous portions.  Took half home for dinner.  Pita Jungle rocks!
I've been coming to this location for years. I went to Israel in the summer of 2006 and when I came back to the states I refused to eat hummus because I didn't want to replace the memory of the amazing, authentic hummus I ate in Israel with some crappy hummus that you get in the grocery store. 

I didn't have hummus for over a year until I discovered Pita Jungle. their hummus (all 3 kinds) is the most authentic that I've found outside of Israel and New York. 

2 months ago I brought my roommate who professed to hate hummus to pita jungle. By the end of dinner she was stealing all my hummus.

Since the beginning of my interactions with pita jungle there is one thing that I have eaten the most frequently. The Fruit Fantasia (a plate of fruit and cheese) and the hummus starter. I'm going to let you in on a little secret: apples and hummus are delicious together. 

For the more adventurous people reading this try dipping the banana and the cheeses in to the hummus as well. YUMMMMM!

The only reason why I give it a 4 is because they give less fruit and cheese than they used to. It used to be the best deal going because I could make 2 meals out of the platter for something like $8. Now it's $10 for the Fruit fantasia and I only get 1.5 meals out of it. Still worth it though.

Bonus points: They have many healthy options for those people who are trying to watch what they eat.
Great place for a late dinner.  HUGE salads with wonderfully fresh ingredients, excellent, efficient service, and reasonably priced.  Wish we had one of these in Havasu!
Wish I would have known about this place 8 months ago... What a great little spot. 

Unfortunately, in sort of a dumpy mini-mall is hidden this little gem, great food, great service and very affordable. 

I had the Falafel Pita and also tried some of my friends Philly Cheese Steak Pita, both were two thumbs up! Healthy, clean kept and a great atmosphere inside the restaurant... I will definitely be heading back here.
I'm so sorry to give them 2 stars! But, alas, I had to do it.  This isn't about the service (which is great) or the location (location, location). Their onions penetrate every facet of the menu.  Everything! I just can't stomach it anymore, even after visiting 3-4 times.  some of my friends even work here! Anyway, don't come here if you don't like onions or sitting one foot away from the next table.
Order the "Hummus Trio".
Let me first say "I love Pita Jungle". I love the food, atmosphere and the locations are convenient for me. They have an amazing happy hour too. 

My last visit was not my normal experience with them. They were busy and there were about 10 of us however, the server was quite rude. There was one girl in our group that didn't eat because the server gave her attitude and she decided she didn't want anything that the server was going to bring her.  

The server also refused to split checks for us even though we told her at the begining we were on seperate tabs. When the bill came most of us were paying with debit cards so it was a little nightmare. 

Like I said earlier, I have always liked this place, but this visit was not a good one. I'll be back again and hopefully we will never get that same server again.
I went there for the first time a week ago. I ordered the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (Shawarma) pita. It was a huge serving for only $6.50!  It was so big I had to knife and fork it! It was fresh and delicious. The chicken was tender and well seasoned. The veggies were crisp and the perfect combo..the sauce on it was amazing. I went at busy dinner time, the place was pretty packed. The service wasn't the best because it was so busy, but for having 14 people in our party, they didn't do too bad of a job keeping up. Overall, it was a great dining experience. I now see why a lot of the people I've talked to love the place!
We always enjoy a good lunch at any Pita Jungle but we liked this one the best because of the lovely terrace and cleanliness of the place.  Some Pita Jungle restaurants are a bit run down but this one is in great shape.  Our waiter was very nice.  The salad with salmon was delicious!
How can you go wrong here?! The food is always greats quality. I can make a meal out if the Jalapeno Humus and the Fruit & Cheese plate. Good Happy Hour to sit out on the patio under the misters.  Probably my favorite local business in the Valley
The Greek food here is amazing! Service was excellent along with the atmosphere.
Fresh tastes - great variety. Loved the mediterranean platter. Lunch time gets busy so get there early or do a late lunch. Great service too.
Went out with some friends, please be advise if you plan on sitting outside make sure you have a flashlight as there are no lights outside and it is had to see or even read the menu.  The outside sitting was packed, felt like a sardine.  too many tables way too close to others.  The food was just okay, nothing great - my chicken was way dry along with the pitas which had no taste.  The cucumber saw was good along with the salad.  Had to wait a while for our waitress, not good to go if the place is busy, service not good.  Just okay.
Love this place when I'm in the area. I used to get seafood special which they haven't had lately. Now I get mahi-mahi with hummus! Very good!!
We had some of the worst service I've ever experienced here at lunch.  It took almost 2 hours, and there were other people who came in after us, ate, and then left before we even got our food.

We had to remind our server many times for everything we asked for, and there were no apologies, no communication, and it was maddening.  Why should it take 20 minutes for a hummus plate?  It shouldn't ever take that long to simply spoon it on a plate and serve it.

The food was average at best.  The philly cheese pita had chicken and cheese and that was about it... there were literally 3 slices of green pepper and about 5 onions.

Finally, we ordered Diet Coke, and they served diet pepsi (without letting us know).  We ordered other drinks and they didn't even remove the diet pepsi from the bill.

The only reason I let the quality of food and the diet pepsi on the bill slide was because I knew it would take waaaayyyy too long to wait for a correction.

Steam coming out of my ears after that visit!
We really like this place and come here often! All the food is healthy and delicious. We have had some amazing side dishes, soups, wraps, lavash pizzas, lemonade, etc! We cannot wait to take our out-of-town family when they visit. Yum!
Went here 3 days ago. I normally get the chicken and hummus with the flat bread. However, this time I thought I'd switch it up and get the fish sandwich. Huge Mistake! I'd give the sandwich 0 stars. Honestly I'd rather eat a Filet of fish from Mcdonalds. Don't ever order this crap. Stick to the hummus or whatever else you know will be good.
I'm giving these guys the max (5 stars) because I go here at least once a week and the food is always great - at an incredibly reasonable price. The menu is very varied, and just about everything I try is good. The crowd is very different from the typical Scottsdale crowd, and the overall vibe is just right.  I tend to eat late, and it's nice to have a place that is not empty at 9pm. 

They don't allow smoking on the patio which is another big plus. 

Even though I gave them 5 stars, there are a couple of issues. 1) the place can be freezing inside - more so in summer, ironically - due to a/c being on way too cold. I've spoken to several waiters/waitresses, they say there is one manager there who insists on keeping the place icy cold inside, summer and winter. I always sit outside in summer, but in winter I do sometimes feel too cold.  2) there is one sub-standard waitress who has a definite 'attitude'.  This is sad because 99% of the staff are absolutely fantastic.  This one lady looks like she really feels the job is beneath her. Thank goodness I've only ever encountered her once in maybe 100 visits.
We have been to 4 of their locations (3 in Phoenix & the one in Flagstaff).  The food is great and is usually fast and consistent.  For this review, let's focus on the Scottsdale/Shea location.  They were busy, as usual, but...

We waited 8+ minutes for the server to ask if we wanted drinks because she was at the table next to us the entire time talking about her personal life with some customers.  (She grew up in South Africa with her family and I think a twin sister until she was 9 and misses it terribly...)  When we wanted a refill, my husband (after a 15 min wait with no one coming to our table) got up and went to the bartender for refills.  She said she wasn't allowed to (direct quote).  The hummus came out as a large, we asked for a small.  If you have been here before, you know it usually takes 5-8 minutes for hummus.  We waited closer to 20 and then another 15 for our meal of a beef gyro and the spicy chicken wrap.  My beef gyro came out and it was disgusting.  The meat was crusty and dry.  I couldn't eat it even though I was starving.  The server brought the manager over to talk to us.  We should have taken that opportunity to let her in on everything, but we were too hungry and frustrated at this point and potentially not thinking clearly.  She comped the humus (was not necessary, for the record) and my meal  and then disappeared.  

Another 20 minutes goes by, my hubby is done eating, we still don't have refills and just want to leave.  We had to get up and go find the manager so she could run our card.  This whole lunch took WAY over an hour and I left hungry and frustrated.  We have been to this location before but never had such poor service.  We probably won't be back to this location.
Compared to the Pita Jungle in Tempe, the one here seems to have tastier food.  The hummus was decent, the iced tea very refreshing, and falafel pita great tasting and filling.  The mashed potatoes tasted very freshly made.  Our total with 1 appetizer, 1 side dish, 2 falafel sandwiches, and 1 iced tea was $25 including tax.  Not bad considering the amount of food we got and the fact that it's in Scottsdale.
This place serves really great food at very reasonable prices!   We usually end up there around 9 p.m. or later and the place is always hoppin'.  The staff is very accommodating so you have the mixture of good food, good prices and good service - what could be better?
Popular casual chain pita spot. 3.5 stars

Food: 3.3, Atmosphere: 3.5
Cost to worth it rating: 3 (~$8 pita)
Return worthiness: yes
Eve award: best non-dairy garlicky sauce

Highlights:
- Garlic sauce: obsessed with their version as it's not cream-based. Has garlic, mashed potato, olive oil, and lemon. Simple, refreshing, and delicious--and friendly to the lactose intolerant crowd. Pitas would just be average and boring without it.
- Outside patio: love the tall fire tube heaters as they look really cool
- Buzzing atmosphere: lively place to go
- Portions: huge pita

Lowlights:
- Babaganoush: always love this dip but they put yogurt in there so couldn't have their version
- Tahini: bit too much spice included, I like the traditional pure light brown sesame
- Long wait: the hub went to get takeout and order took a half an hour--another guy waited 45 minutes!

I'd try it again to get more of that garlic sauce and come for dinner to sit on the patio.
SO good!  I don't know the exact names of the the food I had and I don't care.  It was all amazing!  I know I had the portobella burger...Delish.  Awesome hummus.  LOVED the curry chickpea soup.  Fun, healthy kids' meals.  Loved my daughter's shawarma.  I am dreaming about this place and I want one in Chicago.  Period.
This is my favorite Pita Jungle.  The service, the food and everything is so much better that the D. Ridge one.  I almost always rather drive further and enjoy my meal.  Today it was a very successful lunch.  The twins ate almost everything on their plates.  They are always great at letting me pick 2 proteins instead of one. I think our server's name was Chris.  He was very nice and efficient. I had the Gambas al Ajo, shrimp on a tomato garlic sauce with some pita with pesto and cheese.  It was delicious.  My hubby wolf down his black bean burger.  He kept raving about the potatoes that were on the side.  We will definitely keep coming back.
Pita Jungle is definitely one of my fav restaurants.  I've been here countless times over the years and it is always a great experience.  There truly is not a bad thing on the menu.  Some of my personal favorites are the hummus trio with chicken, turkey pesto lavosh wrap, and the black bean burger.  They def have the best hummus I've ever eaten.  Everything is very reasonably priced and it is an extremely laid back atmosphere with very fast service.  If you go during high times expect to wait, but it is always well worth it.  If you want to try a variety of dishes go during their happy hour and try their $1 or $2 tappas.  You can order a whole bunch!  Never had a bad experience here... I would highly recommend it to anyone.
Go for the Happy Hour. It's crazy cheap and really decent food. It's healthy and prepared more no-frills amateur-style, but it's all really good. I had the fresh chipotle veggie burger once and the chicken tikka massala with brown rice the other time. Both really good. The hummus is nothing to travel there for, but the price you can't beat for happy hour. You can get buzzed and eat for like $15 + tip. I wasn't into the falafel that much.
Pita Jungle is great. I always get the chicken and hummus appetizer! It is enough for a meal.
Went on a weekday evening and the place was full but not uncomfortable. We had to wait a few minutes for a table because we wanted to sit outside but the wait was reasonable. I'm usually determined to find the least healthy item at places that otherwise would offer some very healthy choices. So I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak pita and wasn't disappointed. Get some hummus before the meal, you won't regret it. The service was very good and the prices were reasonable.
Love the Pita Jungle, close to home, great patio, and great food. Service is on point and when it's not they make it right. Great place for lunch or dinner and a fairly extensive menu.
Walked in and ordered the Grilled Vegetable Salad with extra green veggies and the gal taking the order was friendly, prompt and my to-go container came out within 10min with a *crap* load of veggies - seriously awesome that they were not meager or stingy with those portions.  The green salad portion was small, but since I got lot of sauteed greens, I was more than full with that.

The ambiance is nice inside... I like it much better than the Ray/Dobson ambiance. This place has much more open seating and, like the Ray/Dobson location, a nice outdoor seating area (but in the front).  Actually, as I parked the car, I was thinking this place was going to be packed.. when I walked in, realized the patio was busy because no one was really seated inside - duh, April! the weather is perfect for outdoor dining these days!

Food was plentiful and delish, staff was friendly and quick, ambiance was nice yet casual - I'd come back if ever in the neighborhood.
The food is aways consistent here. I love the hummus and pita and also the chicken entree. good and friendly service always.
Just had lunch here. I have never had a bad experience at Pita Jungle. I love the food and the portions are way generous for their prices. It was super crowded here today but our server worked his buns off and did a great job. It's very kid friendly with a great kids menu. 

Thanks Pita, I love you :)
LOVE the cilantro jalapeno hummus dip with cuke slices.  One of my all-time faves, especially when wanting to eat light.  First time at this address and we sat outside with the cool wind and rain..
This place is always beyond packed, even when the doors open.  On this particular visit, I was one of 15 people waiting in line when the doors opened.  I had just come out from a movie, was hungry and wanted the grilled chicken and hummus.  I forgot how pricey it can be $11 for just that one dish, but was pleasantly surprised by the portion size.  

I waited about 15 minutes for my pick up order even though I called it in ahead of time and had to wait in line to get in the joint, which was less than awesome.  The service is never amazing, here or any of their locations.  

The food is what gives the 3 star rating.
This was my 5th visit to a Pita Jungle, usually predictably enjoyable.  Mediocre experience today, at best.  The staff seemed a little discombobulated today.  My wife had the peanut butter/banana smoothie ... How can you go wrong with that.  I had a side of hummus and a felafel wrap, how can you screw up hummus; however, the wrap was not good at all.  The felafel was burned, a good 1/16" of crust, they were literally black! That kind kind of ruined lunch.  Off to Whataburger now.
Absolutely wonderful experience last night  It was a bit later on so there was no wait and had GREAT service.  Terrific hummus!
I ALWAYS get the vegetable salad!  It is DELICIOUS!!!  I don't know how they do it, but the veggies are SOO tasty!!  I've tried making it at home, but it just never turns out the same!!  YUM!!  They're hummus is really good too!!!
So glad Pita Jungle has more than one location - although truth be told, I'll probably come back to this location - 'cause it's right next to Gelato Spot!!  I had the chicken shawarma - perfect.  I always ask for extra garlic sauce - and theirs is outstanding.  My sons had the Kafka burger, and my husband had the Kafka pizza on special.  From the first bite, everyone was sighing with delight!  Fantastic service as well!
I don't think I know a single person who hasn't been to Pita Jungle, a health-focused, Greek-influenced restaurant with more than 10 locations in the Valley. It's wonderful for vegans and vegetarians because there are so many animal product-free menu items, and so many meatlovers I've gone with have been crazy about meat-free items, too.

I get something different just about every time I go there, and usually end up ordering a feast that requires to-go boxes at the end of the meal. One thing never changes-I always order their iced soy cappucinos, which are so sweet and tasty on their own, no additional sugar is required.

When I went to the north Scottsdale location, my pal and I asked for a bunch of different things to sample, and everything was so delicious.

For starters, we had the cilantro jalapeno hummus ($5.79). All of their hummus types are great (there's original and red pepper, too), but this is my favorite because it's so flavorful. It has a little kick to it that diners sensitive to heat will be able to handle, and the cilantro makes it extra flavorful.

I also ordered a cup of red lentil soup, which was on special. Now, keep in mind, this was a cup-I couldn't believe how generous the portion was.

I sort of wish the soup hadn't been as mushy as it was-when I eat lentil soup, I like whole lentils in the broth. But despite the texture, the flavor was so good, I ate it all. It also came with a tasty pita chip to dip in the soup.

I told my pal she had to get the garlic smashed potatoes ($3.99), which have always been a favorite of mine. I love that they have the skins in, and they're not too creamy, which I love.

She also got a chicken tikka dish, which she said was great. I didn't taste it,  but it sure looked pretty.

I ordered another special for my meal, a spinach and cheese quesadilla. It's made with a flatbread instead of the traditional tortilla, which makes it really crispy. Not my favorite type of quesadilla because I'd prefer a tortilla, but it was loaded with veggies and seemed much healthier than just a plain cheese one.

I paired it with a special appetizer, fried cauliflower. I'm not a huge fan of the vegetable, but just like the radishes at Caffe Boa, I thought it would be interesting to try, and it was. It was in an interesting spicy sauce and was very filling for just being veggies.

The meal left us super-full, and I got two days worth of leftovers when it was all done. There are tons of daily specials to choose from, and the regular menu is huge, so if you're one of the few people who's never been to a Pita Jungle, head there now.
Great food and great prices. Sometimes service isn't the best, but can't complain too much.
If it was not for the convenient location next to a movie theater, I would surely never eat here. However, since it is the only place serving food at an affordable price for a teenager at the location, you get to hear about their sodium filled sauces, above mediocre service, and bland taste. I have had just about everything vegan on their menu. The rice and lentils are bland and tasteless, their potatoes are drenched in a sodium barbecue-esque sauce, and their veggie burgers are overpriced, too large, and not very tasty. 
The service is usually alright with an occasional good experience. 
At happy hour their tapas are usually a good deal, and go nicely with their $2 Margaritas. I recommend them. 
Otherwise, get in the car after a movie and go somewhere nice.
Always have been a fan of Pita Jungle since 2006. I recently revisited on my trip back and I have to say I am still very impressed!!! Their Lentil Fetoosh salad is great! However, their Caribbean Salad is a must have, especially during these summer months!
I was recommended Pita Jungle by a friend who loves the place. I thought it was good but not quite as incredible as my buddy does. I'll still give them another try to see if it was just my one dish on that particular day.
The worst service of any place I have ever eaten at in Scottsdale
Great healthy food, love these guys..menu choice is great, bring back the coconut curry please , please..
We have been to this location many times.  When you eat in the portions are fine but when you order out they cut the size of your order and still charge the same.  Last Friday we ate there, ordered the Mahi Mahi with vegetables and the fish portion was a decent size as was the vegetables.  On Sunday, 7-29, we ordered the same meal to go and when we got home the fish portion was half the size of the one when we ate in.  The amount of humus was also decreased.  
This is not the first time that has happened so if you are planning on getting and order to go make sure and look at the portions.  They seen to give less for the same price figuring that you wont see that till you get home.
Walls decked out in really cool photography, artsy and very friendly wait staff, healthful menu, low prices, large portions and fast service. We need one of these in Miami!

Loved the hummus platter. The plate was wiped completely clean after we were done with it, that's how good it was. 
The falafel salad was great. I love the variety of vegetarian options. I chose the macro platter: brown rice, steamed veggies, sauteed tofu and baked beans. The baked beans were awesome but the rice and veggies were bland. A little liquid amino's would have gone a long way.

The only reason Pita Jungle doesn't get 5 stars is the fact they don't serve whole wheat pita bread. That should be a no brainer.
I recently wrote a review about Pita Jungle's take out service.  I was contacted withing a couple of days and asked about my review and they also graciously thanked me for my review and information.  I have been in contact with them and they are working to correct the problem.  
They did make things right with me and I do thank them very much.  As I informed them, that incident would not stop me from going there just cautious about the take out.  I am very confident that Pita Jungle will correct any problems with take out orders and gladly give then a "I'm a fan" recommendation and will suggest them to others as well.  
Thank you for taking care of the problem.
I love the atmosphere at Pita Jungle, especially this one.  The prices are very reasonable and the service has been great the past times I have gone.  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is so good!  Ask for the greek pita when you order it.   It is different than the pita that they usually give you.  It is extra soft and goes great with the hummus.   The shawarma is delicious as well.  I am not a fan of pickles so I asked to get it without and it was really yummy.  Portions are pretty big/decent size as well.  Another plus is that we didn't have to wait very long for our food.  

I am rating it 4 stars because the happy hour is from 3-530 on the weekdays.  Not the best time frame.  Most people get off around 5 so I don't see how many could be able to go.
Heavy, flavorful Greek food. Portions are more than ample for the average person and lots of fresh ingredients.

Went at lunch and staff was harried but friendly. Pretty busy with lots of hustle-bustle but they got our party of 6 in surprisingly quickly.
I was first introduced to the Pita Jungle in the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall by a friend. I got the gyro and it was delicious. It's not your typical gyro you would get at a Greek place. It's beef, not lamb, includes a pickle (kind of weird at first but I embrace it now), and not nearly as greasy/messy. It's a much healthier version (I think). 

I didn't know they had a restaurant location and boy was it a pleasant surprise! The menu at the restaurant is a lot larger than what they offer at the mall. I have had multiple things on the menu. My go-tos are the gyro, roasted chicken pita, and the greek salad (which is huge). All of them are delicious and I could come here again and again. Oh, the hummus is good too but you'll want to order extra tomatoes or cucumbers (for a charge) because they never give you enough. However, with so many great places to try in the area, I'm trying to dine at a new place every time I eat out so I haven't been back in a long time. This might need to change though. Writing this review is making me want Pita Jungle really badly! 

This location also has an outdoor patio to enjoy when it's not scorching hot. If you still have room for dessert there's Gelato Spot next door. The staff has always been attentive and friendly every time I have been there.
Went for lunch this week and did not even eat...dozens of flies caused us to leave...place was full with people who didn't mind flies landing on their food so it must be good...
I would give this place a better rating if the service was better. I always get the spinach quesadilla. Only thing ive found that i enjoy. Make sure you get the sauces in a cup on the side and not on the plate or your tortilla will get soggy,
Very good, reasonably priced, consistent Mediterranean joint.  We've eaten here dozens of times now, mostly at the Shea location but also Fashion Square and Desert Ridge.  Very good baba, hummus, felafel, pizza, veggie burgers, Mediterranean platter, and lentil salad.  Haven't had a thing I would not order again.  Service is good and consistent.  Another good thing about the Shea location is counter space overlooking the kitchen ... always reassuring when the restaurant is willing to expose its practices to diners, and sometimes interesting to see the cooks at work.
Ate here two days in a row, lunch and happy hour, and ordered the same thing both times- ribeye paco with red onions.  BOTH times they were served cold!!  Grease congealed on the plate cold! I ate them anyway, bad decision but they tasted good- not worth being sick the whole next day tho...Too bad because it is a nice place but with bad kitchen issues.
This is probably a 3.5 star review.

From the outside it looks like a small strip mall restaurant. However, upon entering I was amazed by the amount of available seating, including the vast outdoor area. 

I got the Hummus and Grilled Chicken starter plate. I opted for the Cilantro Jalapeo hummus and was impressed with the taste. However, it could have used a bit more bite (I mean, it is Jalapeno). The amount of hummus was almost overwhelming. It was essentially a tub of hummus on the plate, there was so much. There was no way I could have eaten that much hummus in one sitting. The chicken was also spiced, but again, I found it a little bland. 

It appeared that there were so many delicious choices, that I would give this place a number of chances (if I lived there).
Just had a couple drinks & an appetizer but received good service and the snack was good. Decor was nice and atmosphere fine. Nothing to rave about but no real complaints either.
The youngest step-son and I stopped in for lunch today and it was very good. He ordered the cheese pita, I tasted it and man it was good!! He loved it too! I had a cold med salad, it was loaded! It was huge! It was good, but a little too overwhelmed with a vinegar flavor. I love vinegar, but I wanted a little more complex flavor in my salad considering it had pine nuts, raisins, etc.  The were very fast, very nice and the price wasn't bad for such a nice, healthy, sit down lunch! I will be back for sure :)
Just OK
I'll fully admit that I am a regular of this Pita Jungle location. I come here an average of times a week. Usually I meet friends for their awesome Happy Hour and come on the weekend for dinner with my Husband or Family.
The servers area always really attentive and helpful. They are great with substitutions and picky orders. 


When at Happy Hour, I don't really drink the alcoholic beverages, but prefer their Decaf Berry Iced Tea which is delicious. 

Happy Hour is CHEAP and served Tapas style (I believe it is from 3-5:30 and then Reverse from 9-close). For $6 I can get a full meal.
I usually get an array of the following:

-Falafel with Tahni (This is always delicous, just the right seasoning and texture)
-Hummus Trio (I love their Hummus, flavorful, smooth and just the right consistency. You get about two-three tablespoons per order)
-Feta (They give you a block of feta cheese, drizzled with olive oil and topped with chopped cucumbers, onion and tomato, zataar as well. It's delicious)
-Baba Ghanoush (REALLY nice and creamy. I don't love egglplant, but I love the subtle smokiness of this dip)
-Pita with Thyme and Olive Oil (This is basically a small pizza with olive oil, thyme, tomatoes, feta and kalamata olives. It's perfectlly cooked and always yummy)
-Olives (They would probably be a little bit better if they were heated, but they have a great variety).
The dips are served with Pita and it is always the perfect consistency. Just soft enough but still with a little chew.

All of these items run $1 or $2. It's incredible.
I'm a vegetarian, but I know that my friends enjoy the Chicken and Shrimp options. They also have a very fresh looking caprese tapa.

For dinners, I've tried a variety of Items, I really like the Mediterranean Platter but it's just too much food for me. I love their cold garlic and tomato green beans that come on this dish but you can also get them as a side dish.

I often get an order of Lentils and Rice, Feta Cheese, Small side of hummus, and 2 falafel balls (which come with their rich and awesome Tahini). I mix them all together and made a Mediterranean Burrito Bowl. It's awesome, and I always appreciate that the wait staff is accommodating.

Also, their Red Lentil soup is a notable starter. It's really perfectly balanced and flavorful.

My husband is easier than me. He enjoys the Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Shwarma. He also likes the Mediterranean Chicken Salad. We come with large groups and people always seem to enjoy their meals and order a variety of menu items.

They have a great patio which we enjoy sitting on for nice days/nights.
For large groups- as far as I know they don't take reservation and sometimes there's a 30-40 minute wait for groups bigger than 4 on a Saturday night. We never really mind waiting though.

I love Pita Jungle.
The longest wait ever, it an hour and fifteen minutes to get our food. My mom had food poisoning after. I probably won't want to go back.
I went there yesterday and first of all, this is a very popular place, there were quite a few people in there for a MOnday evening. I had Tabouli Salad and Portobello Burger. Way more food thgan I could eat . The service was excellent. My kind of place!
Well all right, all right, all right...You guys are alllll right in my book! Every time I dine at either this location or one of your others, I have an overall great dining experience.

BTW, it is ALWAYS packed whenever I eat here - which I think is a great sign. 

Lots of menu options also for the extreme vegan, vegetarian or straight-up carnivore, like myself. Can't go wrong w/their delightful Gyro. 

Service is always helpful and attentive. Servers are always smiling and have a "pep in their step".

I don't know about you, but I thoroughly enjoy my meal AND am satisfied, but yet walk away with the "healthy and light" fullness that you don't get w/eating junk food. Very nice.
A Washington friend and I came here yesterday after a movie and feasted like Kings. 

Most do not realize that Pita Jungle has a Happy Hour where all their appetizers are $1, $2, $3.00, or about 50% off.  It lasts until 5:30 pm exactly, and then resumes with a Reverse HH at 8:30 pm.  Everything is excellent!  You can also can order off the regular menu as well. 

My favorite dish continues to be their Falafel on pita sandwich for $5.99. But if you do not like pickles, make sure you ask for it without.  LOL. We also had two of each of the following: their grilled shrimp, Hummus Trio, several individual serving of Falafel balls,  Baba Ghanoush (roasted eggplant), a side of Tzatziki sauce and two glasses of wine. 

As I said above, everything was excellent.  The bill came to a very fair $37 including taxes, but before tip. I'm still hopeful that someday they'll add a Tahini plater. 

Now even though our server was wearing a University of Oregon jersey, she did a very nice job, and was very attentive.  So despite our misgivings, we tipped her well.  Go Dawgs!
My husband and I went here for a quick lunch this afternoon. Service was OK. Not bad. Not great. 

We ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap and a side of grilled veggies to split. The only good thing about the wrap was how big it was. Definitely glad we decided to split!! That's about the only positive thing I can say about the food here. The wrap was flavorless. No spice whatsoever. I also almost broke some teeth on the crunchy uncooked rice. For sure would not order this again. 

But wait....this is was REALLY bothers me about this place. They claim to be "healthy." The grilled veggies we were served were SWIMMING in oil. So much so that they were uneatable. I decided to look up on my phone the nutritional information for this so called "healthy" side dish and it was an astounding 450 calories and 41 grams of fat!!! For veggies! Not worth it in my book. If I am going to consume 41 grams of fat its not going to be on cauliflower and broccoli. Sorry Pita Jungle. I am not a fan of your bland unhealthy oily food and I won't be back.
I love pita jungle. I came here at 8:30pm on a Friday night. There was a small wait but they just ask for your cellphone number and they text message you when your table is ready. 

This place has such a wide variety of healthy dishes that all taste amazing. I highly recommend the cilantro jalapeno hummus. I ordered the Mediterranean chicken salad for my entree and that thing was gigantic and absolutely delish. They don't drown the salad in dressing so you can actually take it home and eat it the next day!

I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a healthy meal!
Came in with a massive group of people (18 I believe) and sat outside. The service was fantastic and very nice considering how disorganized our group was. The server himself gets 5 stars. 

We ordered various apps, wraps, and salads. The food here is huge, but the pita itself is not very fresh, seems store bought.

Hummus - Very creamy, and over blended, could have used more garlic and lemon.
Baba Ganoosh - Excellent, best thing on the menu
Chicken wrap - Mediocre at best, nothing to write home about
Chicken salad - Same as the wrap, same chicken

Overall the food was quite bland, and needed a lot more fresh herbs, garlic, and spice.
Good eats and good service! It's pretty much Greek food with a lot of vegetarian options. Not as good as authentic Greek food I've had, but a nice substitute.
I just got to sample your food at The Taste event in Old Scottsdale this weekend and was BLOWN AWAY with how delicious it was!! It was hands down my friend and I's favorite item at the event.

I believe it was a pita chip with cilantro hummus and ahi!! Magnificent! Can't wait to come into your restaurant soon. I've always seen it by the movie theater we go to and next time we'll come early just to eat there. Thanks!
I went to this Pita J and sat at the bar.  I liked watching all of the cooks bust their butts to get the food out.  But the waiters...yelling at the cooks and not saying please and thank you!  Putting their fingers and hands in and on top of the food that they are going to serve to customers... The money tip goes to the hard working cooks and not the waiters.  Wont be going to this Pita J again...maybe one of the other Pita J's will have a better attitude towards their cooks.
I love Pita Jungle but am not a fan of this location. The server my girlfriends and I had was very pretentious. The hummus is one of my favorites and we ordered that with some veggies, and they charged extra for some cucumber slices? Wow. I also tried something new this time, which was the lavosh chicken wrap. The chicken was dry and overcooked. Maybe more garlic sauce would have helped a little? I sure do love that sauce. Almost ordered a side of tzatziki to make it taste better, but the server was no where to be found for about 15 minutes so I just finished my meal otherwise it would have gotten cold. ALSO! We got here at 5:30 for happy hour, but apparently their HH ends at 5:30, not 6:00 like I thought the website said. Each location's HH ends at a different time. Just a heads up.
The first time I came here was a few years back and remember that I did not like the food . I recently went back after so long and have to say I had a very nice experience. I dont know if it is a good or bad thing that what I like most in this place is not a pita or a gyro. I love the mahi mahi and the wood fired trout. The green hummus with the mahi mahi is amazing. Both the dishes have the fish so well cooked - melt in your mouth category. Recommended for those two dishes for sure.
This place would get 5 stars everytime if they would just add more wait staff. Been in here multiple times and every waitress has too many tables so it takes a while to get service but when they do come around they are friendly and apologetic about the long wait. Food is phenomenal every time but management, please get more staff on each shift!
Place is great they have stuff for everyone. I almost always get the gyro but my whole family besides me is vegan and going out to eat w them is a pain in the ass, but this place makes it easy and less of a headache for me. Kudos!
Great Mediterranean food.  Food and service are always great.
Food is always is consistently good, and everything on the menu is healthy.
This is a staple and I come here at least twice a week. They would get 5 stars except they always seem to be understaffed. I get to-go orders which is pretty quick, but eating in drives me crazy every time.

The food is always excellent and consistent. Very healthy options and probably the best hummus in town. The service is poor, so as long as you're patient it's ok. I'm not sure if the management team even notices or cares because I've been coming here for a long time, and it has never changed.
Awesome Tapas Happy Hour!!!
The seared tuna with cilantro and jalapeno hummus is to die for! I always try to seat outside (unless is too hot), I found the inside to be too dark. Price is good, service is good, food is good, doesn't get better than that!
Yummy food.  Nice staff.  Tasted healthful and delicious.  Great combination!
We love this place.  Yes, it is too noisy and uber casual but the food is just yummy.  If you go be sure to get the red lentil soup, the hummus with chicken, salad, or virtually any entree.  They supersize most dinners so be prepared to eat a lot or take a doggy bag home.  Also a great place for vegetarians. Good place for a quick meal before or after a Harikins movie (located in the same shopping center).
I have loved Pita Jungle for some time, so this review is overdue. The concept is simple yet creative, HEALTHY food. You won't find anything dripping butter or hunks of fat here. It's a place to see healthy cuisine put on a pedestal, rotated and dressed up incredibly. I have learned from Pita Jungle that the mushroom is an under-appreciated food. They do amazing things with mushrooms! The portabello mushroom "burger" feels as meaty as a beef burger without the fat, cholesterol and the other life-shortening stuff. 

The thing I find most amazing is that while I order all of these cool veggie dishes there, I always walk away full and it stays with me. I'm happy, alert and don't feel like a swallowed a boat anchor. 

This Scottsdale location is one of several around the valley but it has become my favorite in a hurry. The staff is very friendly, attentive and service is fast and efficient. Service with a great big smile, great food and you can linger if you want or grab something and get to a movie. Pita Jungle has really converted this meat eater. It's not often one can say this but I think PJ is helping add time to my life with their food but they are also encouraging a lifestyle change for me which I see as a real gift. 

There are other eateries nearby but I'll stand in line if I have to in order to eat here. It's worth the wait and it's not even a long wait.
Guys don't go here on Lunch hour it feels like worse then a costco on saturday. Too crowded, if you have ample time go for it. Food is same as any Pita Jungle corner. Service is messed up, ask for salmon salad or any wood fire its going to take 30 minutes and 30 minutes for waiting in line, i end up eating something that i don't want but will be fast and still wasted 1 hrs 15 minutes. I won't go back
Let me just start by saying I love Pita Jungle. I haven't been here in a while but when I make it in its always a good place to have a meal and good service. I was seated and greeted right away. I sat at the bar so it's fair to say that I say right away but there were plenty of seats elsewhere. Needless to say I ordered their grilled chicken and humus dish with some pitas and pine nuts. The chicken is awesome and I love their humus. Having something healthy for any meal is fine with me, and the one thing I noticed about this place is the people. The cooks and wait staff are really on point, and they seem to be enjoying their day. I hear laughter which I like a lot. Now I'm not a business owner or anything but I'm sure that laughter is very much appreciated in the work place. The pace here is fast, but not overbearing. I can't wait to come back for more great food and laughter and appreciation. 

Thank you Pita Jungle. Keep doing a great job as always!
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Second time at Pita Jungle, first time at this location. The food is tasty, fresh, & inexpensive. The cilantro jalapeo hummus is AMAZING! Get it with the pita chips! Yummy! I wish they had a PJ in Florida.
OMG... my review may be tainted as I ate here after being thrown out of that Amy's Baking Company, and even though I was there for over an hour... I cam into Pita Jungle STARVING! 

Any ways, after having nothing palatable at ABCs, I came here for a meal (see my review on Amys Baking company). The other couple who was involved at ABC was already enjoying their meal (which they should, they had to wait over an hour at ABCs before they were thrown out) I had the Gyro X2 (I love those things) and it was great! I joked with the other couple I saw from ABCs and an employee of Pita Jungle. I learned that Pita Jungle gets a lot of business from ABC, as they are all ways throwing out customers when they complain. And the customers come right to them.

My advice to the owner of Pita Jungle, would be to offer a discount to anyone who has been thrown out of ABC. Advertise that in your window! 

Just to finish this story, as I left Pita Jungle with the other couple, and we crossed the street, we saw the girl that served me she was on the sidewalk just outside the restaurant. Both myself and the couple gave her $20 and advised her to find employment elsewhere. She mentioned that they were going to implement a contract for their wait staff that was ridiculous, and she was looking.

As I read the news.... yup they did! 

YAY Pita Jungle!
This place is always good but always packed - at least at this location.  The gyro definitely has  a lot of meat packed into it, and I always order an extra side of tskiti (sp) sauce.  The trio hummus with pita bread is soooo delicious.
Yesterday my wife Jenn and I went here for lunch and I kept reassuring her that this place's food is just awesome. I had my traditional chicken with hummus and Jenn had the salmon and garlic mashed potatoes. Now my wife has a tendency to eat kinda fast when she's found the right dish and to say that she vaporized her salmon is putting it mildly! LOL! I couldn't stop laughing at how much she enjoyed her food. For her first time there she was really impressed and I mentioned that it gets better. Their salads are good and she and I will definitely venture out here again. It was busy but we were able to sit immediately and the wait for our food didn't take long (the salmon usually takes about 15-20 minutes). It was cooked perfectly and to see my wife smile was well worth it. When we left we passed by the notorious Amy's Baking Company and just drove by. Although going there would be tempting to see all the drama, its not worth spending money on a place that violates labor laws, serves horrible food and where Gordon Ramsay walked out. Thankfully Pita Jungle is right there in a rather busy complex and we can't wait to go there again soon!
I go here a lot and always get great food. I usually get the chicken shawarma or the beef gyro and iced tea. The food is fantastic and the servers are usually prompt. I would recommend to anyone.
The food is almost always outstanding!  Very few of the items on the menu can you go wrong with.  Although, if you don't like onions, like me, then be wary of some dishes and make sure you order with no onions.  The service is the only thing lacking at our most regular haunt.
I absolutely love this place. We come here several times a month, and can't get enough. Like all Pita Jungles, their menu is excellent with delicious food that fresh and healthy, while not lacking one bit in the flavor department. They have a seasonal 'specials' menu that seems to get shaken up every few weeks, which is great and often some of the tastiest dishes are found on there.

This location has an awesome patio that is great most times of the year (the covering and misters make it almost bearable during the hotter months). I've never had bad service at this location. They are often extremely busy, and there can be a moderate wait time both to be seated and served at peak hours, but given the size of the crowd, it's understandable and hasn't been a big enough issue to bother me yet.
I saw what other reviewers had to written about service here and I'd have to say that up until last night I'd have tended to agree - but it seems as if management has listened to what was said and waitstaff on the past two occasions we've been there has certainly been more attentive. Our orders were taken fairly promptly upon sitting down (outdoors on the patio; there was a 30 minute wait on a Saturday night for indoor seating at approximately 5:30 pm, prime before-movie time), there was minimal wait for our food, our plates cleared and check presented in timely fashion.

Humus appetizer has always been a sure bet for us - perfect light dish for these hot AZ summer months. Their salads are also consistently fresh with the grilled chicken done to perfection; tender and not dried out. Prices are reasonable for the selections and portions. 

The staff seems to do a good job of keeping the waiting crowd moving as empty tables are cleaned quickly and they're accommodating to hasty requests - I saw the hostess last night agree to move two tables together without hesitation for a large party upon request. 

On a side note, I got a chuckle out of the tee shirt one of the hostesses was wearing - emblazoned with the phrase "MEOW", perhaps a reference to another establishment at the same strip mall that has gathered some notable press of late and which did not seem to be attracting any of the overflow of patrons who were patiently waiting for tables at Pita Jungle when we left. 

For service and quality, I can understand why Pita Jungle has established a reputation along Shea for a perfect place for a light, healthy and satisfying meal that's as easy on the budget as it is on the palate.
Fresh tasty and healthy! 

Have been here a couple of times and it was good both times. 

*Seared ahi tuna salad with mixed greens, pineapple, strawberrys & 
sesame seeds was delicious and the vinaigrette perfect for the salad. 

*Hummus 3 ways with warm pita. These come "regular", jalepeno and red bell peppers and are soooooo good. Order it and thank me later! 

*Gyros (pita filled with lambmeat, lettuce and tzatsiki). Also very good with tender well seasoned meat and nice sauce. 

Prices are ok and the service level high. Popular spot so be prepared to wait for a table if you arrive on the busy hours.
We love, love Pita Jungle. My husband and I took our out of town guest for dinner and they wanted to go back the next night for more. They have a great menu. Everything is fresh and delish! If you have kids they have the greatest kid menu. If you have never tried it, get going it's the best!
Their hummus trio is amazing! I have been to several different Pita Jungles and have had similar experiences at all of them. I always love their hummus but am less than impressed with their main dishes. I have had the shawarma before as well as the gyro and both lack flavor. Their smoothies are way too sweet and the flavor tastes less like fruit and more like fruit flavoring. Service is okay but not the greatest. I would go back but only for the hummus.
The food at Pita Jungle is usually as good as food gets, but this location fell a little short. In all fairness, they were pretty busy with a Friday late lunch crowd. The waiter took our order pretty quickly, but we were almost done with the hummus (which is my favorite!) appetizer before he ever came with our drinks. We had to ask him again to bring them. 
I ordered the Greek salad with chicken and short of being overloaded with dressing, it was good. I will get the dressing on the side next time.
My friends ordered the mahi mahi  on hummus and the chicken wrap. There was plenty of food, which they enjoyed with enough leftover to take home.
Even with very slow service, I would try this location again, because like I said, this is really good food.
Pita Jungle is easily my favorite go-to restaurant for casual dinner, take-out, etc.  This location has the cutest atmosphere - big patio, nice layout, great art.

Pita Jungle serves the most delicious, healthy food for a great price.  I've tried most things on the menu, and everything I've ordered has been incredibly flavorful and never heavy.  I could eat here every day (my husband limits it to once a week, for the sake of budget and sanity).  

The humus is the best in town, in my opinion.  The felafel is excellent, the pita and lavosh sandwiches are generous portions bursting with flavor, the pizzas are wonderful, and the ahi tuna is prepared perfectly.  The side vegetables and potatoes are both amazing, and you can get the veggies steamed, so you can even come here on a diet.  Order anything - I dare you!  

The service is generally really good.  Having come here for years, I have had spotty service a few times, generally when the restaurant was really busy or when the server was clearly new.  Just FYI, it's not the norm.
We have tried for months to eat here but it  was always too crowded.  Today we got there at 11 am and were able to get a table.  We ate on the patio and were bombarded by scavenger birds.  I ordered a special, artichoke and farfalle salad and my daughter got the black bean burger.  I guess i was expecting great things, especially considering how busy they always are.  My salad was ok, but i've had better at home.  My daughter's burger was ok, but accompanied by big chunks of seasoned potatoes, which didn't seem to go with the burger.  All in all, a disappointment.  My curiosity has been satisfied, but i don't think we'll be back.
I love Pita Jungle. All locations have delicious and fresh foods. They will let you order off menu, if it's in the kitchen they will do it for you. The food and selection at Pita J are 5-stars! 

However, the Shea/74th St location has a few drawbacks. There is almost always a wait as seating is limited. The staff aren't super friendly or attentive and service can be a bit slow. 
But the real drawback to this location is the parking situation. They share a lot with a busy movie theater and several other businesses. This makes finding parking near impossible. I have twice parked my car across Shea next to the car wash due to the lack of parking. Don't let parking deter you but do keep it in mind when coming to this location.
So good!
The perfect dining when you don't want to spend too much money while on vacation. I got the Chicken Shawarma like the waiter recommended and it was great! Definitely a lot more Americanized than your typical Mediterranean restaurants, but I can't complain. The biggest reason why I can't complain? Because their garlic sauce is to die for! Reminds me of the same one I would get back home. That disgustingly stinky, sticks on you for a week, you could probably eat it with a spoon, kind of garlic sauce. Ughhh I could go for some right now. It really makes anything you eat here taste delicious.
Favorite med place in the valley!
I don't like to review chains normally but this place really pissed me off. 

Boyfriend and I like eating at the one near our house and a co worker likes eating here often as well so we decided to go for what we thought was a quick lunch.

We show up and understandably they are busy...that's fine, we can deal - its lunch time. We sit outside in the sun, which was hot but ok since we are inside all day anyway. Our waitress comes by and doesn't introduce herself or even say hi. She was very monotone and seemed like she was just mad at the day. I know it happens, we all go through those moments or days, but even when I was pissed or tired as a waitress, I was pleasant because I knew this was how I was going to make my money.

So she takes our order. I order the turkey sandwich special and my friend orders the chicken with taziki (sp?). Pretty simple stuff. Well we wait....and wait....and wait...and see people get their food who sat down and ordered after us....and we wait some more. She didn't bother to come out and talk to us or give us any info, updates or apologies but only when she checked on another table did she realize that we didn't have our food yet and had gone through two drinks each already. I know things happen, when you're busy things aren't ordered....anyone in the serving business has done it, but its how you handle it after the fact that matters. Never once did we get an apology or anything!

When we finally got our food, my "toasted" sandwich was cold and the "hot" potatoes that came with it were cold as well. Unfortunately it was one of those situations where 1. I didn't want to be that customer despite the overwhelming feeling that I should be, and 2. I was too hungry and had waited FAR too long to wait any longer and we needed to get back to work.

The couple next to us as well as my friend received dirty glasses with lipstick stains and detergent on them- which again, happens but it just added fuel to the fire. 

My food was only OK despite knowing that Pita Jungle can serve up way better than what they gave us this time around. I will not go back to this location but will to the one close to my house.
I love Pita Jungle. I could eat here everyday, if it was possible. I love their pizzas and salads, but I am all about the cilantro-jalepeno hummus! I am obsessed. Whenever I am in AZ visiting, I make a point to stop by. Bonus: most of their food is healthy!
Roasted red pepper hummus with chicken. That's all you need to know!!! Oh and their smoothies are a lovely surprise as well!! LOVE PJ!!!! Been going for 10 years now. LOYAL CUSTOMER FOR LIFE!! :) :) Hands down my favorite restaurant, EVER!!
This place is always hit or miss but every time I order hummus the server thumbs up the pitas. His big dirty thumb right on top of all the pita breads. You see the guy coming in and out of the front door a hundred times an hour thats ben touched by every person in the restaurant. Just seems like a good way to cross contaminate the food during flu season... Is it me or does the salad always have slimy greens and crappy tomatoes. Suggestion tell your servers to keep their dirty paws out of my food...
Management handled my problem the way all management should handle any restaurant problem. They were quick to respond and it was very clear they want everyone to be happy. Thank you for redeeming yourself on this and I appreciate the extra time you took to email me a few times and learn what happened.

Other Pita Jungles and all restaurants should take note on handling these kinds of situations. Thank you!
Probably their busiest location. Quality food, but the portion sizes at their original location always seem to be bigger! Stay clear of the one in fashion square mall. Quality just isn't the same. Guess that is to be expected though...
I love Pita Jungle! The gyro is my favorite with hummus. The cauliflower is awesome too and any of the hummus on there own is great! They also have really nice and healthy choices for kids too, which is great. All too often healthy restauranta don't always appeal to kids. So great place lunch, dinner or take out! Yummy!
This has always been my favorite Pita Jungle.  We've been coming here for almost a decade and it has been pretty much consistently great for all that time.  I love the shawarma wrap, black bean burger, and stuffed grape leaves.

While we were eating outside a little bird is snatching sugar packets off table.  But only "Sugar In The Raw", not the fake or white packets.  Quite a discerning little critter :-)
I used to get take out from here 2-3 times per month, then a few months ago I felt there was a terrible combination of increased prices and lower quality.  I always thought of Pita Jungle as an inexpensive option, I could grab take out for the two of us for low-$20's, then I realized I was paying $35 +/- and multiple times getting home to find something wrong with our order.  Maybe it's my mentality:  once I'm used to paying a certain amount for a restaurant, that becomes its value, and in my opinion the large increase made the price here beyond their value.
Love this place!  Great fast service and yummy pretty healthy food. Great at lunchtime. Large portions, reasonable prices and great service. 
I'm a fan of Pita Jungle!
recently had a late night dinner after a movie at Pita Jungle with a friend.   i must say the food was good as always but the service was beyond expectation.  Our Server Stephen was professional, courteous, friendly, quick, reactive, and personable.  He truly raised the experience quit a bit.  I recommended my friends go check it out and they had the same experience.   Great job Stephen, thank you for making a nice dinner, memorable and fun.
Happy Hour at Pita Jungle is the best thing ever. Pitas are great. I'm deeply in love with the restaurant's foods. My boyfriend and I always call the same things whenvee we go there. I love the thyme and olive oil on pita, baba, chicken with pinenuts. The waiters are great, they never write down the order, but never mess it up. Not even a single time when we were there.
Great welcome by staff - Demi, Bill and Cat on a busy Saturday night. Thanks demi for a table near two heaters. Mahi Mahi or salmon. Cilantro-jalapeno hummus - definitely.
This place is perfect for lunch or dinner. We have had a few company lunches here and I have also gone here with friends.  They give you lots of food and it is always fresh!  The hummus is amazing and be sure to go for happy hour in the evenings as it is great prices on all their appetizers.  Their salads are large as well and will fill you up so be careful :)
What you'd expect from a chain Mediterranean (?) restaurant.  It's good, but not authentic or amazing.   Just wish they had a full bar like the one downtown.
I went to Pita Jungle for the first time on Saturday Feb. 1st. I had heard some really great things about Pita Jungle and was excited to try it out. I grossly underestimated the popularity of the place though and when I walked up I was surprised to see just how busy the place was. I was with a friend and we were told that a party of 2 had a wait of about 15 minutes. I found the hostess to be a bit short, she was clearly overwhelmed but honestly, that should not affect how she treats people. When we were finally seated I found myself wishing we had sat outside, I felt as though I was sitting on top of the people to my right and left. I felt as though I was intruding on other's meals. The waiter was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu which I found to be incredibly helpful being that this was my first time. I order the Mediterranean Chicken Pita and was very impressed. It was delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor. My biggest complaint about the whole trip was the wait time to receive our check. We were on a schedule and it took forever for us to receive our check and had to flag someone down to take our payment. I will definitely be returning but I plan on going during a time when it is not as busy and I can enjoy myself a bit more
I will be completely honest we only went to Pita Jungle because we were in a rush, knew where it was and another person in our group also from out-of-town who told us he enjoyed it. What a great accidental discovery!! Everything about the place was great. Staff was very friendly, and our server on our first of two visits in one weekend was fabulous. She patiently answered all of our questions and provided various tips about different items on the menu. 3 out of 4 of us had the coconut curry soup --wow wow wow was it good! So good that I had it again on my second visit in one weekend! Between the four of us we order the following items: lentil soup, yellowfin tuna honey sesame salad, spanakopita, wood fire salmon salad, side of cauliflower with caramelized onions, and a portobello & garlic lavash pizza (with added chicken), tabooli salad. Loved the freshness, loved the plentiful portions & of course the flavor explosions! The tabooli needed to have been chopped more & was a bit dry, but other than that it was all great! The honey sesame dressing & the amazing seared yellowfin were complimented by all the fruit. The spanakopita was not traditional in it's shape but who cares it was delicious!  Dessert...oh the rice pudding--YOWZA was it good!! We were in town for a long weekend & we ended up here twice. Learned there are franchise stores in Southern CA so we look forward to seeing if they are close.
Always a solid go-to for healthy yummy food that's not ridiculously over priced! The cilantro jalapeo hummus is the best! Salads are big enough for 2.
My wife and I have been married for 22 years now and we generally find picking a great restaurant that we can both agree on a bit challenging. 

Pita Jungle is the first place we've ever come back to 3 times within 24 hours!!!  The food here is delicious - pretty healthy - and features a great blend of flavor combinations. My wife loves the salads and I'm into the Pitas, wraps and pizza. Sure wish we had this place in Austin!!!
The service is always slow but the food is always good! Fresh, healthy, good portions.
Great food and the price is good. It can get a little busy but there is a reason for that. The food is fresh and comes quickly. I can't complain about this place and I have been there many times. Never failed me.
As a person who eats vegetarian food at home and out in the world, I had received many recommendations to try Pita Jungle by the time I actually sat down to have a meal at what I imagine Applebee's would be like, if it were based in Beirut.

Off to an awkward start from the words "Pita" and "Jungle." What image is that supposed to conjure up exactly? The menu seems to be grounded in Middle Eastern food (Pita) and is simultaneously out-of-the-box, unpredictable, kooky (JUNGLE!). For the three of us who dined here, they missed both of these targets.

Pita Jungle has some Middle Eastern basics, even going as far as offering a fettoush salad, which I appreciate. But the food lacked the freshness and lusciousness of real Middle Eastern food. Half a plate of tasteless-but-fresh-looking veggies, without a drop of olive oil, lemon juice or vinegar in sight. For anyone who has traveled to the Middle East, or whose family comes from there and knows home cooked food of these styles, I think you'll be underwhelmed by the flavors of these look-alike dishes.

The "jungle" part of this menu is just unappetizing. Looking for Chipotle Chicken Lavosh Pizza? Of course not. No one is. Well, maybe Guy Fieri.

If you're looking for no frills, healthy-ish and affordable food I think Pita Jungle is probably a safe and consistent bet, especially in Scottsdale.

I'll take my chances with the salad bar at Whole Foods instead. At least they know how and when to use salt.
After driving in from Fullerton, California to see the Doyers...what a delightful and delicious lunch we found at the Pita Jungle.  Quality food and service, even birds chirping while i enjoyed my delicious Gyro. Modestly priced and all the ambiance you could mustard up on a sidewalk cafe in a strip mall. I highly recommend it and only wished I had room for dessert!
Yet again Pita Jungle comes through. Just killing time and I stopped in to see my favorite Jaclyn at the best hangout in our area. 

Casual and classy. Remarkable appetizers and great ambiance. A very fun atmosphere with a constant upbeat vibe.

We are always pleased to hang out with Jaclyn and her personality and pedigree never cease to make Pita Jungle my new hangout.
I've eaten here before a couple years back, and wasn't the biggest fan, but recently couldn't stop thinking about going for lunch. I'm glad I did because the food was amazing, but the service was pretty bad. It was busy, yes, but we're still customers. 

I ordered the chipotle black bean burger and I'm still thinking about it! It was seriously amazing, and my very first black bean burger! I will return to eat, because I saw a few things at other tables I wanted to try. Let's hope we get a more welcoming greeting, and our server doesn't act like we've interrupted her day.

Anyway, the food was awesome! The girl I went to lunch with liked her food, too! So, if you're OK with poor service, but still want delicious food, go ahead and eat here :)
I really love Pita Jungle.  There are few places I go to eat where the entire menu is appealing.  This is one of those spots.  It allows you to be healthy or indulgent; the choice is yours.  The awesome thing:  it's all delicious.  I'm a fan of their salads.  They're huge, stockpiled with loads of fresh ingredients.  I love to get a side of falafel and hummus.  Good stuff.

This location really stands out because of the service.  Graham helped me when I dropped in for dinner.  He was great:  attentive, witty and fast!  Without a doubt, I'll be back.
Pita jungle is one of my favorite restaurants because it's one of only a few restaurants that serve more nutritious foods.  This location is one of my favorite pita jungle locations. I've always had delicious meals here.  The menu is very varied. There's something delicious for everyone. It is not just pitas.  The Gilbert location is also pretty consistent. I would highly recommend pita jungle.
We happened to walk past this place after seeing a moive and the aroma got our attention.  I had the salmon and grilled veggies (best thing I ate on the whole trip to AZ) my husband had the gyro (he won't stop taking about it).
So yeah we highly suggest everyone try it. We ate outside, very friendly service. Everyone seemed to like working there. Next time we come I'm trying the hummus (heard it was amazing)
food was really fresh and nicely prepared I would recommend the red pepper hummus but as far as the schwarma is concerned it was just ok but overall this place isnt too bad somewhere between 3 and 4 but to err on the side of caution 3
Pita Jungle is our go-to place for quick service.  The wait is typically short and the staff is usually quite attentive.  The food is always either good or great.  My current favorite dish is the quinoa salad on the specials menu - I get plain hummus with quinoa, kale, and other goodies on top with a side of pitas.  The soups are also amazing and many are vegan!  We've brought many picky out-of-town guests, and everyone is always able to find something they enjoy!  The happy hour is great as well!
Worst falafel sandwich ever and I have had plenty. This was was grainy, burnt and had no taste whatsever. They put so much lettuce and some of the worst vegetables known to mankind in this hellhole of sandwich. The pickle had a tale, the onions were from the end of the onion and the lettuce was brown. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. One arrogant staff member gave me an annoying fake smile, she looked like a manager type. This is what happens when you open up up fifty restaurants, you lose the quality, but in this case I'm sure that there was no quality in the first place. It figures that this place is in the same shopping center as Amy's Kitchen. Seven more bucks down the drain.

UPDATE: Management was nice enough to contact me and apologize and they also gave me a $25 gift card. I will give them another try. Thanks to Kevin.
Fresh food, friendly staff and a nice place.

I recommend the hummus and the chicken pitas. This place has something for everyone, from the vegans to the carnivores.

An old favorite. 

We occasionally do take out as well. 

Can't go wrong here.
love this place im visiting from california and I love this place every one is soo nice and fast with serving the food I reccomend everthing and the hummus yummy makes me want to move here lol the food is so fresh and they explain what everything is
Great service, Great food, awesome date place.  Outside seating area, great for people watching!
I hate doing this, but after Pita Jungle being one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley for years, I think I'm giving up on them. 

Let me preface this review by saying that I've likely been to this Pita Jungle about 50 times over the course of three years or so.  At one point I was going once a week because it's near my office and has a great selection of vegetarian items. I love the lentil fatoush salad, the cilantro hummus, the soups....and that CAULIFLOWER! But the inconsistency as of late has brought me to this 3-star review today.

Today we ordered take-out from the office at 12:40 using their online ordering system. The system told me it would be ready at 1:15 at the latest. I arrived at 1:15 to pick up my 2 items (one of which was tabouleh - come on!) and they weren't ready. I waited another 10 minutes and finally said something to the gal and she went to the kitchen to retrieve my order. No apology, nothing. Just, "Here. Do you need any napkins or utensils?" 

I got back to the office and couldn't wait to tear into my tabouleh salad, which comes with hummus and pita. What I found was a giant container of hummus with a scoop of tabouleh on top. Really? I thought it was supposed to be the other way around? So I unwrap my COLD pitas (which are usually toasty and warm) and started dipping into my hummus salad. Now I feel gross, because I just basically ate a plate of hummus for lunch.

The food and service use to be so consistent, but recently the food is practically a 50/50 gamble. And the service even more so. The manager (I'm guessing since he was the only one in a dress shirt and pants) was behind the counter when I was paying and didn't even make eye contact with me let alone greet me. I've seen him there MANY times and I would have thought he'd recognize me by now.

I feel like each time I go i get a different version of my favorite dishes. Lentil fatoush used to be my fave and the last five times I have told myself that the recipe I make it home is better. And it's not $10 when I make it at home. 

Sorry PJ, but I think I'm breaking up with you. *sigh*
Have you ever experienced above and beyond (and completely unexpected) service? That's what we experienced at Pita Jungle on Sunday. Hillary our waitress was probably the most knowledgeable waitress I have ever, EVER been served by. This girl knew the ENTIRE menu top to bottom. 

We ordered drinks- she had a better suggestion ("do you like IPAs? let me give you a sample of something local we just got in"). 

We ordered the mussels- she mentioned the shrimp and the scallops as her favorites. 

Hillary guided us through a wonderful and unexpected dining experience. 

We will be back just to sit in her section!
This place was quite busy and the pitas were decent. Ordered some salad and my favorite was the cilantro and jalapeo dip, not spicy at all.  Good spot to get your pita fix.
I love Pita Jungle, and I'm pretty certain it loves me, too.  This location is one of the best with their big patio, and with very necessary misters in the summer months.

The selection is expansive, the service very friendly and efficient, and the food is always outstanding.  I like the hummus (like a lot) and falafel, but I most often get the Chicken Combo Platter, or the Broiled Chicken Salad.

They have a phenomenal happy hour, M-F 3pm-530pm.  About a dozen items $1-$2.

But perhaps the best thing about this location?  Heading next store afterwards for an ice cream...mmmm mmmmm.
Great food. The tomato mozzarella basil salad was great. The tomatoes were so juicy. The shrimp appetizer with pesto pita  was awesome. I loved the wood fired grilled chicken breast. So garlic and lemony. Great service and affordable.
It breaks my heart to change this from 5 stars to 3...the food here is terrific, but I've gotten terrible service over and over and over again.  The servers are frequently awful, whether we've come in groups or just the two of us.  They're unpleasant and short, they make mistakes, then don't check on the table after the food arrives, so they're too late to correct the problem.  

The takeout isn't consistent, either - the last time, they made the wrong food when we were in a hurry, then remade it and left part of it out (so we had to go back in, which made us late), and charged us the wrong amount, to boot.  They reversed the charge and re-charged us the right amount, which still ties up the money.  

After five or so bad visits in a row, my husband won't come here anymore, and I don't blame him.  After coming here hundreds of times (I've been the Duchess for ages), I don't know when I'll be back.

Why 3 stars (instead of 2 or 1)?  The quality of the food is still excellent, but it's the same as every other Pita Jungle.  I wouldn't come to this location.
Pita jungle is a great place for some excellent food at a cheap price. I frequent this restaurant on a weekly basis, and each time I am welcomed with a smile and acknowledged within seconds of arrival regardless of how incredibly busy they are. If you want great food accompanied with great service then pita jungle us a great place for you to try out.
This is by far the best location in the valley. The food is consistently fantastic and the staff is always on point. If you're trying to choose between this location and the one on FLW, allow me to save you the trouble. Scottsdale and Shea is where you want to eat...
I could not be more sad about my second time to Pita Jungle.  The one in Tucson was great.  This one is ridiculously busy, which isn't a bad thing, I just don't think they are staffed to handle it.  Still waiting for my order I called in well over and hour ago, it's been a half hour wait so far..... And it's only for 4 people!!  I have an appointment that I am now 15 minutes late for and counting.

Heard a few of the waitresses complaining  about how busy they are and don't have a hostess.  Slightly unprofessional but no biggie.  

I'm sure the food is great!  I'll update maybe when I actually get it! :/

I'd suggest a different location, coming on an off time or something.

Oh and just a note to the guy who "helped" me.... "Sorry, we're crazy busy" isn't something I want to hear!  I can see that, not my problem!  Next time just tell me you won't be able to get my order done on time on the front end!

Update:
The food WAS tasty, I'll give them that!  
However, they forgot a side of chicken, one dish had two different types of hummus and was only supposed to have one, and one dish which was supposed to have extra chicken didn't. 
Went back in and Marnie was very friendly and helpful in refunding my money. She was polite, professional, and apologetic. Someone should thank her because she is the only reason I'll give any type of catering from here another shot.
Terrible!  There are way better restaurants in this area . .  . go try something new!  This place is old, tired and the food is not that good or healthy, (like people think it is) Pretty average. . .
I can't go near central Phoenix without a visit to Baiz Market. They have everything from fresh baked pita bread to string cheese to Middle-Eastern pastries to a full grown grocery and meat section. Their selection includes foods from the Middle-east, Europe, Africa, and Asia. There has yet to be a spice that I have not found there. 

My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic. You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven. I've had just about everything  but my top recommendations are: chicken shawarma, falafel, and manaeesh (both the za'atar (thyme) and cheese (jubna) varieties are excellent), I have not tried the meat version.
You can find all sorts of fresh Halal meat and chicken here. The butcher, Hassan is friendly. They prepare everything like you want it. There is also a restaurant up front which only serves halal food called Al-Hana. The beef shawarma is awesome and so is the rotisserie chicken served with a Garlic sauch which is to die for. And of course it is all halal which is great! We used to live in Tucson and we still would come to Baiz market to purchase all our halal meat because they keep it clean unlike the other so called halal meat stores we have visited. The store is pretty big and they carry indian masalas, European cheeses, a variety of spices and canned goods and also some cutlery and pots and stuff to sell. You will also be able to find a hookah here. They have the best and most fresh pita breads too. Plus they have a large variety of fresh vegetables. The prices are very reasonable except for the halal meat and chicken.  Awesome place. Neighborhood is a little shady and you need to know your way around downtown. There are no other shops around this place so when we go here, we just go to this shop and back home.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  

Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
This place is FANTASTIC!! Its not only a market, its also a restaurant, their Beef Shawerma is UNBELIEVABLE! and their service is great, If you shopping for mid-eastern arabic food you can find almost anything there, from Tahini to Molokhiya *traditional Egyptian food*

The neighborhood its in is not very good but thats ok!

again TRY THE BEEF SHAWERMA!
Today's lunchtime quest was to check out Baiz Market. The place is like a mirage. It sits on a barren residential stretch of 20th St. near the intersection of the I-10 and the 51. Don't worry about the car; there's abundant parking and little potential for destruction and mayhem.

This is actually a business-within-a-business. The restaurant inside Baiz Market is called Al-Hana, and it's a clean, well-oiled machine. Al-Hana takes up about an eighth of the market's floor space. A young woman was taking orders at the counter and two white-uniformed cooks were models of efficiency. You can see everything being prepared as the aromas of garlic, sumac, and roasting meat fill the air.

I had a small order of hummus and a chicken shawarma sandwich. The hummus was enough for four small people or two large people, and it came with a mountain of freshly house-baked pita triangles. It was delicious, but next time I think I'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side. The chicken shawarma sandwich was a miracle of industrial design. It was a perfectly shaped torpedo: juicy chicken, pickles, onion, and garlic sauce wrapped in a perfectly heated piece of flatbread. Make no mistake -- this thing is easy to eat but it's also impervious to collapse. It's the perfect thing to eat in the car (not that I eat in the car), and at $3.99 it's a bargain. For non-carnivores, the menu has grape leaves, taboulleh, falafel, baba, the famous thyme pie, etc. Did I mention the garlic sauce?

After lunch, I strolled the aisles of the market. Picture the market side of places like Haji Baba or Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, but about 10 times the floor space. Spices, bagged pitas and chapatis, green and roasted coffee beans, a full produce section... it's like being in a supermarket from a more interesting place .

Definitely check out the glass cases in the back, where the meat guys reign. There are halal meats available and the staff is friendly. Personally, I locked in on the case to the left of the meat counter. Olives. An armada of olives, floating in fragrant oil. Next to the olives, red pepper paste (the ultimate condiment) beckoned. I wanted it all.

Head to Baiz Market / Al-Hana for some fertile crescent-y goodness. One tip: as other Yelpers have mentioned, there's a $10.00 minimum for debit and credit cards.
Kalamata, Feta, Baklava oh my!  

Pita, Hummus, Baba oh my!

Just a few of the items that made their way into our cart as we enjoyed our first shopping trip to Baiz Market.  This place is a great resource for hard to find middle eastern ingredients.  We got a nice block of Feta much cheaper than the grocery, for example.

There were many items I saw that we didn't get this trip - we'll save them for our next excursion.  Like European Style Ovaltine.  What?  European style?  I was a big Ovaltine fan as a kid - just imagine how much more worldly I will be if a drink European Style Ovaltine purchased at a Middle Eastern Market!  Sprechen sie Global Citizen drink mix?

We ate at the little restaurant in the front.  Fabulous!  Four of us shared a plate of baba ganoush, a chicken shawarma wrap, a falafel wrap and of course an order of fries.  The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.  So everything was delicious including the  fries and some serious haggling took place over who got how many bites of the chicken shawarma.  We washed everything down with a pomegranate juice drink, 2 waters and an orange crush.  Perfection!

So glad we stopped here!
Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.

When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. 

When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! 

The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. 

After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. 

We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
I've found a new grocery shopping destination...and I think I may be in love. 

Sure, I don't know what half of the items on the shelves are used for, and I don't really care for dates, but there is just so much goodness in between the mystery items that it doesn't matter. I'm hooked. 

The produce is cheap and much better than the comparably cheap Ranch market nearby, and you just can't beat a package of freshly made pita for fifty cents. The spice array is dizzying, and I really want to find out what one does with Pomegranate syrup.  

One distinct advantage Baiz has over other markets is the meat counter. Where else in town can you get fresh lamb and goat? 

Baiz market is so great that it now has a place in regular rotation on our grocery outings. As a bonus, the Al-Hana restaurant inside is a great place to grab a cheap but excellent meal during the trip.
This store is awesome. They have a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and products, teas, rice, spices, meat, bread, olives, boxed and canned items, juices, sodas, it is an amazing array.
The produce is great, fresh and really inexpensive. There is an on site butcher, something you rarely, if ever, see anymore. There are great deals on fresh, yes fresh, chicken, lamb, goat, beef, fish and more.
The restaurant/bakery has an array of amazing and tasty items like hummus, flat bread pies, shawarma, falafel, amazing pitas, small pies, all fresh, made on the spot for ridiculously low prices. The small pies, similar to a turnover with either meat or vegetables, are less than a dollar each and good enough to eat a dozen!
If you are a fan of Arabic and Middle Eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go. Or, even for the cultural experience, Baiz Market is well worth the trip.
I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?

Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!

I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
Baiz Market is a wonderful ethnic experience. I went in for lunch to satisfy my curiosity and was very impressed. The market portion of the store is huge, the produce area was well stocked as were their meats (you can buy an entire goat). I wandered through the isles for quite a while taking in all the exotic spices, they had not only Middle Eastern, but also African and Asian items. There was tons of tikka sauces, red pepper pastes, hummus and baba spreads. The bakery was awesome containing date and fig breads, 50 cent pita packs and little meat pies. They also carried hookahs, tons of shisha and every accessory you can think of to go with them. 

After my shopping was finished I stopped at Al Hana, the little restaurant inside and had the beef schwarma (as recommended in several reviews). I am hoping it was just an off day, because the schwarma was very dry and grizzly and the pita it was served with was hard. I also ordered the baba ganoush and it was pretty tasty. I washed this down with a rose water (actually tastes just like it sounds but super sweet). All in all this was a great experience and I will definitely be back.
Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix. 
To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S.
They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices. 
At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further. 
It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat.
I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
Can't wait to go back for more discoveries.

When I was in Jordan last year, I picked up 2 lbs (or whatever their measure) of assorted baklava for $6 and ate it (with a little help) in five days, while losing ten pounds. Got all that? The baklava diet. Gotta love it.

So I went to Baiz hoping for some more amazing baklava. Bought the 1 pound assortment for $16; two weeks later, still some left.  It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as Jordanian baklava. Still yummy.

Also had the hummus, baba ghanoush and pita. Loved the hummus and pita (very fresh).
What a great little market! I was excited to finally find a new ethnic shop to use, and man did I hit the jackpot!  The restaurant, Al Hana, is really great as well. They have a great butcher in the back of the store, all the pastries you could ever want and even a huge hookah case, if that's your bag. If your looking for a great ethic shopping experience, this is it!
My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
If you need goat or lamb meat, you can get it here. This wasn't the reason for our trip to Baiz Market this weekend--we went for Al-Hana dining, which was delicious. However, the walk through the grocery portion of this place was great. We picked up some produce and feta cheese [I think they make their own: Confirmed, they make their own!] and overall had a great experience.

I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. 

The cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.

Baiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. 

The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. 

If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
Wow!  I only wish there were more convenient locations for a tasty shawarma like this in town.  This place is a diamond in the rough but worth the trip off the beaten path.  Praise God for their tasty shawarma!
First off I cannot comment on the Restaurant, as I only went here to buy grocery's. 

That said I am excited about the products this place carries. First off, the Meat counter had Goat, which makes me very happy. It is rare to find Goat in most places. I really liked their selection of meats. Almost as amazing as Ranch Market.

The Baklava was OMG AMAZING!!!!!! I had to hide it so I would not continue eating! My only complaint was it was kind of pricey, but it is probably best for my diet that it was pricey, ya know what I mean?

They had some interesting produce you don't see most places, although as a whole there produce is limited.

Their selection of spices was vast, they probably have anything you might be looking for. 

Looking forward to go back and try the restaurant...oh and don't forget to pick up some more Baklava.
My daughter found this Phoenix gem. The little restaurant inside has the best falafel, chicken shawarma and hummus in Phoenix. It beat Mazza in Salt Lake, too, according to my daughter, and she said that would never happen. Now I find any and every excuse to stop by for a falafel sandwich. New hope for the global future of Phoenix.
Although I would like to take the credit for finding this awesome little market and restaurant on my own, I can't... Tucked away on a side street just outside of the heart of Downtown Phoenix, Baiz is one of those kinds of places that I just would have never stumbled across in my usual wanderings had I not been clued into its existence by my good friends over at CenPho.com.

With so much awesomeness crammed into such a small place, it's a little hard to decide where to start... Since it is the primary part of Baiz, I guess I'll start with the market... From the first second that I walked into the doors, I was washed over with a feeling that I've missed from my days of living in San Francisco where I would routinely go shopping in a variety of small and authentic ethnic markets. The shelves were fully-stocked with a huge variety of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean products: a multitude of tasty fruit preserves and jams, spices galore, tahini by the jar or bucket (and every size in-between) and even hot ajvar (a condiment that's held a special place in my heart ever since I discovered it in college).

But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section. With a glass case filled with an assortment of different kinds olives and cheeses (some of which I've never heard of before) that includes a variety of fresh feta cheeses, it was like love at first sight. But looking just left of the olives and cheeses made me even happier: stacks of fresh, daily-made pita, rows of baklava (honey-drizzled pastries), slabs of halawa (sesame candy), a bin of turkish delight (jellied fruit squares) and pans of mamoul (fruit-filled cookie bars) all seemed to be calling my name... Must... Resist... Temptation... Onto the restaurant.

So I know it's not exactly the most culinarily-complex dish to choose, but the epitome of good Middle Eastern fare for me is a falafel sandwich. And while it's not quite up to the level of my all-time favorite from Falafel Drive-In in San Jose, CA (pretty close, though), Baiz definitely makes the best falafel sandwich that I've tried so far in the Phoenix area (and I have tried a few). The falafels were flavorful with a great texture (crunchy on the outside yet tender on the inside) and served with lettuce, turnips, tomatoes and tahini inside a fresh pita (I like to add in some hot sauce as well)... A quick side note: you'll be hard-pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the Downtown Phoenix area ($3 for a wonderfully tasty and filling meal).

Although I haven't yet had the opportunity to try too many of the other dishes that the restaurant has to offer (dolmades, hummus, savory pies, etc.) due to the fact that I'm usually too full after the sandwich, I have tried the baba ghannouj, spinach pie and cheese pie. The baba ghannouj has a wonderful smokey flavor and great taste without being overly-infused with garlic. The "small" plate was definitely big enough for 2-3 people to share. The spinach and cheese pies were also great. Made fresh there at the restaurant, all their savory pies are handmade.

So if you're ever in need of some tasty Middle Eastern/Mediterranean  ingredients or feel like chomping down on an awesome falafel sandwich, check out Baiz in Phoenix. I think you'll be happy you did.
Found this place thanks to yelp. I was excited to try my new hole-in-the-wall finding especially given all the great reviews. I was hoping to be amazed and wowed, but.... alas.... I really wasn't. 
This review is based solely on the meal itself. Serving size was very generous, but flavor was missing from the chicken. The garlic sauce stuff is amazing though, I will give them that. I'm not quite sure what was missing, but something was. Don't get me wrong, I'd go again if in the area, I just didn't think it was super super awesome. 
Just as an FYI, the restaurant is within the store itself, which is found in a fairly ghetto part of town. Didn't bother me a bit, but you never know who's out there reading these things.
I wanted to love this place but I'm going to have to give it three stars only. 

The market itself is superb, with pretty much every possible ingredient, an outstanding butchery selling every part of the lamb (and whole lambs), industrial sized blocks of feta cheese, etc.

The restaurant is a small kitchen area with maybe ten tables.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, but frankly, the food we had was good but not great.  The hummus in particular was not garlicky at all. The roasted chicken was a bit dry and the fattoush was, well, to me at least, it was a nice kind of sweet salad, not a proper fattoush.  It was basically lettuce with a bit of tomato and olive.  No cucumbers and no dried pita bread, which is kind of odd since they have a fabulous bakery and the bread was the highlight of the meal.

We bought extra bread to go and I'd go just for that.  But as far as the food, I'd go in the neighborhood but it's not quite the mecca of mezzes that I was hoping for.  

And if you want to buy a whole lamb, this is the place.
Baiz Market makes me happy to be alive. Seriously.

Great Middle Eastern grocery items, a full selection of great mediterranean drinks, and an awesome restaurant  to boot (See Al-Hana under Restaurants).

I believe this is the only place in town where you can find a full wall of Hookahs for sale in an abandoned videogame case. Seriously.

If there is some rare European or Mediterranean candy, snack, or confection that you haven't been able to find elsewhere, odds are you will find it here.  Oh, and you can buy a whole goat if you're into that kinda thing. yeah, just check out the goat-sized cooler by the produce section.
I grew up in the Middle East and I have been searching for a tasty shawarma ever since I left.  Finally, I found one at Baiz. I've had both the chicken and falafel shawarmas and they are sooooo good! They are pretty close to the ones I had overseas, but they could be perfect if they put pickles and french fries inside - - Yum! I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like I remember). The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious! I could eat their baklava all day long!

It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food. For me, it's like a trip down memory lane. It's nice to know that when I'm feeling a bit homesick, I can always go to Baiz and reminisce :)

So, if you want a great lunch...head here and order a shawarma, zatar and vimto with a couple of pieces of baklava for dessert. You won't be disappointed. 

P.S. They have great prices on hookahs here, too :)
This review has been waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes...

Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Middle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and didn't know of many. If you think of Lee Lee as the goto spot for all of your Asian cooking needs, then Baiz is the place to go to for all of your Middle Eastern cooking needs. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that too) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my book! 

This place is fantastic, the food is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab all the ingredients I need to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is pretty okay too! =)
I wish I was a good enough cook to be able to put all the exotic ingredients this place stocks to good use.   But even for an amatuer like myself, this place is well-worth a visit.  For under $10, I got: 1. dried apricots, 2. dried papaya, 3. baby carrots, 4. small deli container of delish green olives, 5. fresh ginger, 6. a bag of dried garbanzo beans.   Then I went to the restaurant and for another $3, I got a nice sized to-go portion of awesome hummus, which came with two big, fresh pitas.  Yumzo.  

Not the most foreign selection on my part, but with prices like that, I will be a little more adventourous next visit.
Baiz Market is a "Mediterranean" type restaurant, or "Arabic" type food. Well, you could get confused and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be glad you found it.

This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place like 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread. One of the best parts about the shawarma is not only its amazing taste, but the pricing is very fair as well. I don't think I can stress this enough, but the fresh bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).

I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all good forms of pita that have great shelf life due to the ridiculous amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.

If you like the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still warm and the bag has a little condensation. Beware though, the bread gets hard and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.

I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely good as well, I can't stand restaurants that crack open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not disappoint with the hummus.

I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and rightly so. If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out. Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15. The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
Yet another Central PHX gem that I have heard sooo much about and had yet to stop in at until this past Sunday afternoon.  So many of my Middle Eastern favorites.  But I came to find that you have to come early for lamb and goat as the selection becomes limited.   I loved the variety of cheeses and plain yoguart. The fresh breads and sweets lured my carb loving self to pick up some wonderful fresh goodies.  
The menu at Al Hana looked very tasty but I didn't have the time to stop in for a bite.   
My sweet tooth has assured me I will be back sooner than I expect, I am sure.
A very well hidden gem!  It was a chore to find this place (coming from the SR51), but once we did, we were happy to have found it!.  

This place is hidden in the Ghetto, but the food is excellent!  My wife said that it was the best falafel she had had in a VERY long time.  The hummus was fresh and tasty.  The steak "sandwich" (which was a wrap)

The pita bread was awesome...  They have a meat and pastry counter in the back of the store...the baklava was soooo yummy!

...oh and the portions are LARGE!!


4.5 stars!   -0.5 because of the location :P
Came here with friends for some Shawarma. Really good and affordable. The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.

They have a seating area or you can take your food to go. Full market of international groceries which seem very reasonably priced. Lots of hard to find items can be found here.
We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell. 

I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there. 

We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
Market = Five stars - they have EVERYTHING - including full size doner/kebab roasting machines, which is awesome.   
Restaurant = Two stars.  I wasn't terribly impressed.  The seating area is gross, they were out of a few options we wanted to try, and the sandwiches we ordered were kind of bland.  Really cheap, though!
A friend and I split a beef shawarma, a chicken shawarma, and a couple of different types of baklavas. And a meat pie.  So we had a total of 7 items and it cost $16. Nice! My favorite was the chicken shawarma, marinated chicken and some veggies with a garlic spread wrapped in a pita which is baked on-premises. The baklava-type desserts consisted of flaky pastry with a custard-type of filling. Forgive me for not knowing the exact names of the ingredients as I know very little about the ins and outs of Middle Eastern food other than putting it IN my mouth! Some of the crusts could be a little oily around the edges. Only enough of a deterrent to remind me not to eat these every day! 

Service is fast and friendly; I will definetly return!
The store market seems like a great market that I'll need to check out at another time. But for my first visit to Baiz Market, I just went to the food counter to order some food.

I could comment on the mediocre service, but I really didn't care. I had a chicken shwarma sandwich and a small side of tabouli - which became a large when I realized that I needed to spend more than 10 bucks to use my debit card...I hate it when that happens. The sandwich was plain - a lot of meat, little of anything else. I know that the chicken should be the main player of the sandwich, but I like having enough of the other things as well. The tabouli was also good, but tasted like it was missing something...what, I don't know, but  I've had better.

All in all, I prefer other middle eastern restaurants in the valley, and so I'm not sure if I would choose here again for dinner.
Love this place.  I can walk the aisles for a long time just looking at all the goods.  They have groceries as well as kitchen supplies.  Everything is priced very reasonably, and the prices on some of their bulk products can't be beat.  The restaurant has cheap and yummy falafel pitas (pickled beets, yay!!) and super yummy spinach pies.  Oder them.  You shall not be disappointed.
The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
This place is fantastic - full service grocery of Persian/Mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.  Why pay more to go anywhere else?  Baiz has what you need!  Pita, Hummus, Baklava, Falafel, tahini, mmmmm.....
This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. 

The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. 

ENJOY!
The baklava here is the best outside of the Middle East
What a GREAT place to pick up some snacks or lunch on the way into or out of the airport. We flew in and out of Phoenix on either end of a car trip. We found this place on Yelp on the way into town, and stopped there again on the way back out because we loved it so much. It's 5-10 minutes from the airport by car. We especially loved the meat pies, the grape leaves, and the spinach pastries. Don't forget to get a tray of baklava from the sweets counter in the back - they were the perfect snack for a road-tripping family.

NOTE: the service is pretty slow. Try calling in your order 10-15 minutes before you get there. You might still have to wait in a line at the sandwich counter, but at least it'll save you a few minutes.
We were in the neighborhood and my coworker suggested we stop here for lunch.  I spent a lot of time in the Middle-East, so my expectation is high, and I have to say the food is fantastic!  I had a chicken schwarna and it was hot and good and quick and as good as any I had overseas.  I will go back any time!
Hummus, pita, dates, and Vimto!  Such a great place to add some variety in your grocery shopping.  Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!  Can you beat $.50 cent pita bread baked fresh daily?!

There is also a tasty restaurant to pick up shawarma, falafel, and all honey pistachio treats.

If you've ever been to the middle east....this will whisk you back to fond memories.
One of the best middle eastern market that I've ever been in. It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out. Very good selection of middle eastern groceries, fresh pita bread & pastries and decent take out/cafe, especially the spinach pies! Also it's so convenient to the 51 freeway. Every time I'm in the area I stop in. By the way I've never had a problem with the service there, everyone seems to be rather cheerful & helpful.
The baba ganuj ("vinete" if you're Romanian) is good. Had a shawarma and enjoyed it. Plus, you can roam around the market and get yourself some European or Asian chocolate or candy.
This place ROX.  Cheap store-made Pita bread, and the cashiers are VERY CUTE.

Excellent for this type of food.
Baiz is a great place for your Middle Eastern grocery shopping needs.  They are stocked with items such as imported mango juice, fresh pitas, a variety of feta cheese, yogurts and kefir cheese, frozen parathas, etc.  In other words, if you need some Middle Eastern grocery items, you will probably find them here.

The prices are mostly reasonable and the place isn't the cleanest.  But, I still recommend Baiz as a top Middle Eastern grocery market in Phoenix.
Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. 

Lori P
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. 

They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following: 
Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma; 
They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
I've always been a fan of ethnic grocery stores, and now I have a new favorite!

I stopped in today for the first time, just on a whim.  After wandering around the store and picking up a few interesting items, I decided to get lunch from their cafe.  I had a spicy meat pie and a lamb kebab wrap, and they were both phenomenal - I fear the meat pie may become a new addiction for me.

I had a few random questions about some products I was unfamiliar with, and everyone was polite and courteous, definitely a refreshing change from some of the other places I've shopped.  

The only challenge with the entire excursion was parking - they've got a very compact lot (and they're popular), so it was a challenge finding a spot that my truck could fit in.  On the upside, there's lots of streetside parking available.

Baiz Market, I'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!

Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
One of the best middle-eastern markets around town second to Haji-baba.
Grab some grub before you shop, the restaurant inside Baiz is great, I reccomend the schwarma wraps and falafel. I love this market, the people are nice and sometimes you can find neat stuff for super cheap. "Yes sweetie I do need this banana slicer, you expect me to slice my own bananas? and it comes with an apple slicer, not JUST a banana slicer".
For the price, all of the following is true: Awesome butcher, awesome produce, awesome restaurant. Good selection of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex. soujouk).  Recommended.
I adore this locally owned market tucked away on 20th street in central phoenix.  Clean and well organized, from the parking lot all the way through.  Mighty diverse  for its size, with its own bakery, butcher and a little cafe (where you can find the fresh hummus, pies, pita bread, kabob and gyros platters large enough to share..  International flavors with an emphasis on middle eastern.  Flatbreads, cheeses, baklava.  Their produce section is a little weaker but perfectly serviceable if you get a little picky.  I wish they had something besides shamrock brand milk (they do have a ton of yogurt drinks which maybe you are supposed to use the same way as milk - anybody know?). Here is the best part.  We went for lunch and the entire bakery aisle was full + there were about 50 whole chickens in the butcher case.  I returned the same night after 6 pm to do grocery shopping and found about 10 packages of flatbread remaining, with a sign directing customers to the freezer section.  Over on the butcher side the 50 chickens were completely GONE and the butcher was busy cutting more.  No doubt I got a fresh one and it is encouraging to see them doing such a brisk business.  Planning to make this my summer go to grocery store to keep my dollars local!  Sure they are missing some of the traditional grocery store staples but it will be fun to invent new dishes with what is here.  A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!

Ps the parking lot has these faux log tree posts that made me smile and wonder what the heck this building used to be....some kind of western saloon or?  Reminded me of something you might see at the old knotts berry farm back in the days before roller coasters, when they were known for fried chicken, jam, burro rides and panning for gold.  If I see a burro tied to one of these hitchin' posts someday I wouldn't  bat an eye.
I love this market for Middle Eastern/Indian food supplies. Pickled turnips, cheap phyllo, spices galore! I'm in heaven. The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious. I've yet to try the butcher, but will be back soon to hopefully get some high quality halal meat. The best part thus far--eating at the restaurant inside the grocery.

If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Market. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B+) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-)

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
8 different kinds of olives prices range from $2.69-4.99/lb, great deal because they are $8.99/lb in the regular grocery store.
Pair them up with fresh feta and pita and you're set.
Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
While the restaurant inside this store is nothing particularly exciting to rave about (see my review), the store itself is the real gem.  

Compared to Haji Baba --- in my mind, the only real compeititor in the Valley --- which has a small, but very good selection of Middle Eastern and other "affiliated" foods, Baiz Market is much larger and has much more to choose from.  They have a variety of cheeses and lebni (labna) in the dairy area that is unmatched.  They also have a good selection of frozen lamb, whitefish and other goods, which are uncommon and very difficult to find in the Valley.  Finally, we bought a medium tray of mixed baklava to compare to Haji Baba's offering and they're quite superior.  I have no doubt, that, although not in a good neighborhood and very "industrial" looking, this grocery store is THE place to go for all kinds of Middle Eastern products.

It also doesn't hurt, that it's located in central Phoenix.  For those of us who live in the West Valley, that's a significantly shorter drive than trekking all the way to Tempe.
Outstanding market! Clean, organized, and a great selection of well-priced staples, produce, cheese, and meats. The lamb chops were half of what they are at Sprouts. Ditto for the feta cheese. The pastries looked heavenly, however I mustered up the strength to pass on them. I haven't tried to deli, but look forward to doing so soon.
Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade Middle Eastern food. They have several choices and brands of everything you could desire. Just pick out some tasty recipes at home and bring in your shopping list.

Normally get the ingredients to make fresh Tzatziki, Hummus, and some Beef and Lamb Gyros or Kabobs. Last time picked up some Jordanian Green Zaatar. Saw them make it on a DDD show. Just mix it with some olive oil and add a little chopped onion and tomato. Really good on freshly toasted pitas or even English muffins.

My favorite here is the amazing butcher section with all the different cuts of the lamb. Hearts, livers, kidneys, tongue, rocky mountain parts, and even the head. The Chicken case also looked nice and got my attention.

Nice Pita Bread selection and then some. Had to pick up a few extras to put in my freezer. You can even use these to make personal size pizzas by adding a little sauce and some cheese. Cool project for the kids when they are needing a treat.

Looking forward to trying their restaurant on my next visit. It always smells good and is packed with hungry people. Had several Yelp friends recommend it. Hi Guys!

Kinda tucked away in a small neighborhood off the freeway. Place gets really busy and parking can be tricky. This place is like a top secret OASIS in the Desert. TOUCHDOWN!

4 STARS
Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  

Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; 
~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  
~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  
~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  
~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 
~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries
~some great pastries 

Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  

It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
First Visit Expierienc

4 star on variety of items on the shelves

1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!

Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
The neighborhood may be rough, but the market is really a hidden gem.  This is the Middle Eastern market you need to go to in Phoenix.  They actually have injera on sale regularly!!!

The shish taook was wonderful.  My wife and I enjoyed the sandwiches.  If you can get over the neighborhood, it is a wonderful place.  The surrounding neighborhood appears rough.
Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
I can't believe I've been shopping here this entire century and haven't written a review - well timed at least - this is my 100th.

First and foremost - they make their own yogurt and labneh. Secondly, the spinach and herb mixture in their spinach pies is the best this side of lower Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. Now that I think of it, several brands in here I haven't seen since Brooklyn.

Their fresh produce section is big, varied, and fresh. They butcher their own meat.  They have an excellent selection of honeys, herbs, spices, olives and flat breads. 

Best of all, on many Saturdays, I find I'm the only native English speaker in the place.
I love shopping at specialty markets like Baiz Market.  My quest was for merguez sausages which they sadly did not have, but I found a number of other unusual items for my cupboard whilst browsing here.  They have harissa (Tunisian red pepper condiment), very affordable fresh lamb meat, and super low priced fresh pita bread (79 cents a package... ridiculously cheap)!

I also picked up some other items I was thrilled to find.  I bought Tamarind Syrup, which I intend to use in some Tiki cocktail creation (the Monkeypod, if memory serves). I also grabbed some canned hummus and canned baba ghannoush.  If these taste comparable to fresh, I may keep it stocked in my pantry at all times (to impress unexpected guests)!  I noted that they have ground lamb and beef kababs in the freezer section that I have to try.  I have fond childhood memories of an Egyptian friend bringing these to family barbecues, and have not been able to duplicate them since.

I couldn't complete my shopping experience here without sampling something at the in-store snack bar (Al Hana).  I ordered a Chicken Schwarma sandwich (wrap) to go and was an instant fan.  I enjoyed it at home with my own bottle of sriracha at the ready.  This is a bit different from other Chicken Schwarmas I've had for one notable reason... the inclusion of pickles.  I think it was pickled okra actually, but for sure, the entire wrap was delectable.

I'm coming back to Baiz Market for all of the goodies I spotted and for others I have yet to discover!
Been here a bunch of times. Great food and inexpensive. Everything is good, but chicken shwarma and falafel are my favorite.
Good quality halal meat which is hard to find. Also good freshly baked sweets.
I jus t went to the store it was iust ok. It didn't really cater to the food we wanted which was African food it was mostly Middle Eastern and I saw Greek accompaniments. They had no fresh hot peppers like habenero or plantains so we headed to Rancho Market which had lots of fresh ingredients. 

We did purchase goat meat. Make sure you "pull" a number otherwise you will be standing around like I was looking crazy.
Good food. Tried the lamb kabob plate and the roasted chicken. Both were good. The meat was tender on the chicken and the kabob had good flavor. Environment is good it's a mix of restaurant and grocery store.
This is the best place to find large, gooey, fresh dates! It is hard to get out of the door without a spinach pie or baklava.
Love this place. I discovered it a couple of years ago and go there fairly regularly now. Great prices on produce. Lots of specialty items that are difficult to find elsewhere.
The restaurant is excellent. We fell in love with their chicken shawarma sandwiches and get them all the time. The pastries are fantastic too.
Come here.  Order the Chicken Shawarma WITH EXTRA GARLIC SAUCE and I garauntee you will not be disappointed.  The vegetarian sampler is also a great choice for starters (more than enough for three).

Whoever did their decorating had a rare talent for turning stomachs (they apparantly really like the SUNS purple and yellow uniforms), but this is completely counteracted upon by the great food and the warm local feel of the place in general.  Good stuff.
Great Gyros.  Fast & Friendly service.  Mini-mart & desserts attached to cafe.
Good food here at Phoenicia.  But aloof, questionable and almost dismissive service kind of ruins an ordinarily positive experience. 

Like others say in their reviews the chicken shawerma and accompanying garlic sauce were pretty good.  I found the chicken to be a bit greasy and a bit overcooked - almost dry.  The sauce was a nice surprise, and wouldn't you know it, it was gone much sooner than I anticipated.  The chicken and garlic sauce left me otherwise unspeakable (Hello, my name is Dragonbreath) and burping the rest of the day.  But with food this good I had no regrets.  The saffron rice  was a winner, but the pita was a bit dry. 

It's kind of modest inside with brightly colored booths.  The wait during lunch time can be a bother.  We waited around for about 10 minutes and had to flag someone down since the guy was wrapped up at the cash register the whole time.  We were never given refills throughout our lunch -- only at the end when our table was cleared, and we were lingering for a half hour.
There's no shortage of options if you want Middle Eastern food in Tempe, especially around ASU. Luckily there's no confusion about which one is THE BEST.

Not only is this the best Middle Eastern retaurant in The Valley, it's also MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF TEMPE. 

The chicken Shwarma is delicious, and the hummus is the best in the state. For a cheap meal, try the "hommus deluxe" with chicken or lamb. It eats like a meal. 

Tack on a delightful staff, and a comfortable atmosphere, and what you have is probably the most underrated restaurant in Arizona.

"Best hummus", "best Middle Eastern food", "best restaurant in Tempe", "most underrated"...I know, that's a lot of superlatives - this place deserves each one.
I love mediterranean food.  A lot.  But for some reason I'd never quite found myself at the Phoenicia before today.  A friend invited me, I was excited to try something new so we made a go of it.

I had the gyros pita, which was pretty good.  Not the best ever, not the best in Phoenix metro. But it was still good.  My friend went with the Lentil soup and the vegetarian platter (Tabouleh, Hummus and Babaganoush served with a generous pile of pita bread).  I tried the hummus and babganoush and I'm more partial to Cafe Istanbul on both counts but to each their own.  

The place was clean, I liked the yellow and purple tables a lot and the service was decent.  They have fresh squeezed carrot juice which I enjoyed quite a bit.  The water however was unfiltered tap water and awful in the way that all Tempe tap water is consistently awful.
An exceptional value!  I have been meaning to try this place for a while, and I am glad I finally got around to it!  I found this restaurant to be a perfect combination of fast food and casual dining.  There are nice, clean tables and a pleasant atmosphere.  Our waiter was very competent and friendly.  The food was not exceptionally high quality, but it was GOOD and it was filling and large.  I ate a falafel pita boat wrap, which was delicious and large for about $4.  This place is perfect for students on a budget, but the food is very good too!
Best mediterranean food EVER! 

I used to live across the street on Forest Avenue and I never ate here. I had no idea what I was missing. Now that I live 20 mlies away I make the treck to Tempe for this delicious food. 

Best. Food. Ever. 

Seriously.
Good, but no Sahara.

The falafel is a little dry.  The garlic sauce is good.  I'd never noticed the service being particularly bad, but whatever.  I like being able to sit around and not feel the wait staff hovering when I eat.  Call me unpatriotic if you must.  Cheap lunch if you don't mind garlic breath all the live long day (and usually I don't).
Their baklava will make your knees buckle. And that's all I gots to say about that.
The food is good, but obviously not very memorable. The only thing I do remember is the creepy guy staring at me the entire time while I ate my vegetarian platter. The mango lassi was pretty tasty. 

Definitely a good place for lunch and the outside seating is great for those nice Arizona winter days.
I am the antithesis of a vegetarian, but I tried their falafel today and it is AMAZING. Such great flavor. I agree with others that it is a bit dry, but the accompanying sauce does the trick. And that garlic sauce--whoa, I'm definitely not getting any love any time soon.

I also tried the "hommus deluxe" with chicken today. That's the creamiest hummus I've ever had. Wow, so flavorful and the chicken was grilled perfectly. My girlfriend and I shared and still had extra falafel and hummus. 

I usually get a gyro pita boat. I've never had a gyro with so much meat...a definite plus for me. Wait, I lie, the chicken schwarma at Pita Jungle is comparable in size and filling. Maybe I'll go there tomorrow.

Back to the matter at hand. This place is mighty tasty and cheap to boot. The service, in my experience, has always been good, if not great. 

And for being so close to Mill, you have to try this place because it a) isn't a chain, b) doesn't smell like sewer, and c) isn't consistently packed and loud.
I stopped here after Lunch for some Baklava.......well........
That was by far the WORST Baklava I've ever eaten.

I was so disappointed, after reading the reviews I was expecting something that would knock my socks off.

I ordered 1 piece of walnut and 1 piece of pistachio. They looked perfect (see pics) 

Boy are looks deceiving, I bit into soaking sticky wet Goosh, it was so soggy and stale at the same time, I literally spit it out along with the next bite of the pistachio piece, both not worthy of swallowing, it was that bad!

I guess I'm spoiled, nobody makes Baklava better than my Mom or my Gramps, I need to make a trip home.

1 star for their Baklava, I'll have to go back to rate the food,maybe.
The chicken shwarma, kaftta and hommus deluxe are excellent. The garlic sauce is so good I want to drink it. Can you smell my breath from here?
Awesome staff and a cool store in the back. Try the cookies and the baklava, they're delicious.
They were very accommodating here.  We had a group of 30 come in unexpectedly, and they had no problem putting all the tables together and splitting all of the bills.  One thing that was a little off was our waitress was very sick.  She even told us she was but that there was no one else to take her place so she had to work.  Hmmmm....please don't sneeze on my food.  I got the Shish Kabob for $5.75 (Tender cubes of Marinated Lamb Grilled and served with Vegetable, Pickles, & Tangy Garlic Sauce).  It wasn't enough food for me but I think I eat more than the average person.  It was really good and the pitas looked incredible, loaded with tons of meat.  Everyone in our group was pretty satisfied.
My friends and I had twenty minutes before our show started; could they accomodate us? 

The lone, surly waitor grunted assent. In five minutes, our food and checks were ready. Still no smile, but I'm willing to write that off to cultural differences, because no one does rush orders anymore. 

As others have said, the food at Phoenicia is perfect. I love the hummus with chicken, the shish kabobs, and the gyros. I can camp on the patio with the deluxe hummus all afternoon. 

The decor is basic diner laminate and flourescent lighting, but it was clean, and the patio and big windows count for major points.
Yay! I'm a fan! BIG time. This was some seriously delicious experience. There are a lot of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern places out there but hanging a few pictures on the walls and putting Hummus on the menu does not automatically make it so. This place is for real. Coming from NYC and Brooklyn i had ate at my fair share of this kinda places and this one surely keeps up the mark. 

Think of a college town joint and prices with Scottsdale taste. Service was great too - Never annoying but we could see the guy glancing at our table often to note if something was needed. They even let us keep the car in their lot as we went on exploring neighborhood. 

Not a damn thing bad about this place. 
Why not 5 stars? I think it could be a bit more authentic and a bit less cheesy. But in reality it does not matter when food shows up. 

"I like"
Something wrong with watching the war on the news, hearing about  Israel bombing the shit out of Gaza, and a Palestinian girl serving you dinner at the same time. That is precisely what I did tonight at Phoenicia, though not exactly on purpose. 

The first thing we noticed walking in is how surprisingly nice and clean the place is for a middle eastern restaurant. Seriously, it's really tidy. The second thing I noticed is how odd the waitress was acting. She had to be on something crazy. She was practically running to do things and there were only 3 tables in the place, all busy eating... just bazaar. She was not very friendly but a competent waitress nonetheless. She said things like "you ready yet?" and "give me your cup so I can get you more soda." Whatever, at least she was doing her job well. 

I had the shish kafta which is basically a shisk kebob in a sandwich form. It was very good with a nice mix of veggies and good hummus. The only complaint from me is the lettuce they used was of mediocre quality, and I like the way they built it, with the veggies on the inside. Nothing is worse than when your veggies all fall off because they don't have anything to hold them in. What a novel idea, put the meat on top and use that to hold everything in there. I can't believe I've never thought of that myself when I make pita sandwiches. Leave it to the Mexicans, those buggers can figure out how to make a rocket ship out of duct tape and cat hair I swear.

Side story, I had to replace a window screen on my 3rd floor and I called like 10 screen companies and none of them would do it. Finally I got the nerve to buy a screen at Home Depot and pay a Mexican to put it on. He and a friend climbed the damned tree out front and put it on a stick. While holding it in place with one stick, they used another one to turn the fasteners and lock it into its fittings. Fucking a.... 10 professionals couldn't do it, but the first Mexican day laborer I get figures it out in 5 minutes. 

This was a good experience and I'd definitely go back. It's inexpensive, easy to get to via train, and clean. Next time I want to try something more substantial as I'm still a little hungry, but my fat ass needs to cut down on portions anyway.
the phoenicia is a middle eastern diner.  they serve the food quickly and it's tasty and comforting.  the staff has always been courteous and friendly, the bill has always been fair.  it's location is perfect for lunch between classes or before you jump on the light rail to get out of tempe.
Another of our favorites.  The service is quick and friendly and the food is great! Definitely recommend the lentil soup, the Gyros plate, the tabbouleh, and the Shwerma, but really everything we have tried there has been great so far, so try something new!
I've been to Phoenicia Cafe on several occasions and as someone who grew up in the Mediterranean area this is as good as it gets in Phoenix! 
The thing is each ME country has its OWN take on flavors and spices of common dishes- this place felt the most familiar to my upbringing! 
Everything is flavorful and garlicky just like it should be. I usually get the hommus and shish kabob sandwich. mmmmm  Tender meat bits that have been roasting on a stick on a soft pita with a ton of garlicky hommus pickles and fresh veggies.... 
I've tried most of their sandwiches and they're all great. I have not tried their dessert and service there is eh-eh depends on who you get, but really go and enjoy the food dont let all the rest distract an enjoyable meal ...
I will continually go back this is my middle eastern spot :)

Edit- I had the vegetarian falafel on my last visit! Oh my what an insult to the delicious falafel I grew up with, my grandmother would break someone's legs over how bad these are! Dry, somewhat bland- eh pass.
I love this place, I want to go to Arizona just to eat here!  The greek fries were really good and different.  It was just really really good. 

We're going next time I'm in town Fervor!
You really can't go wrong with anything you order here. Food is cheap and the restaurant is near ASU. Unfortunately, many students have discovered it's quality and price, making it a bit crowded during the semesters. Lunch can be exceptionally busy. I'm a vegetarian and can't vouch for the meat dishes, but the couscous with red sauce is wonderful as are the other vegetarian options. If you can't decide, go with the vegetarian platter: baba ganoush (though it is a bit garlic-heavy) hummus, falafel, grape leaves, tahini and tabouleh, with pita on the side. There's a Middle Eastern shop next door with imported goods. The restaurant's easy to find, as it's just south of the mosque, which has the traditional dome and minarets.
Good food; and not a bad price for the ample amount received. Try the gyros plate (best we had around) and the Greek fries (topped with feta cheese and some tasty sauce). Also, quick service with unlimited refills on fountain beverages and smiles; although the hummus was not great but good. We would eat there again.
Went here one afternoon after seeing it many times but never trying it. I had the gyro and it was SO delicious! The meat was moist and tender and the portion was HUGE! My friend had the hummus and dolma pita which she said was really good and I think will be my next try! Well priced an authentic, and there is also a middle eastern market attached next door. Definitely worth a try and I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing!  I came here with my "brown boy", as he is so affectionately called, to grab a quick bite to eat after classes.  Still not sure why the boy invited me out to lunch if he wasn't hungry, but I was starving so I was down.  I ended up getting the something kafta and he got the spanakopita.  The food arrived promptly and the kafta was huge!  It came with two huge pieces of ground lamb, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita.  The spanakopita was also a huge for an appetizer.  I didn't have any of the spanakopita because I was so busy enjoying my meal.  The lamb was perfectly seasoned and was a great match for the addicting garlic sauce and the hummus.  Walked out of here paying less than $15.  Definitely a great meal at an amazing price!  I can see why it's packed with college students

If you are getting dessert, I would skip over the jellied treats and go for the baklava.  Nothing can beat baklava.
One day, as my friend Darius and I were trying to kill some time before going to class we came here for lunch. This was Darius' first time with Mediterranian cuisine and after reading all the glowing reviews for here - I knew this was the place to take him! :)

We had some hummus as an appetizer, and oh em gee!! it was so great! I couldn't believe it was so creamy and perfectly garlicly!! Normally hummus is a lil too strong for me but this was great.

I had the Gyro plate and it was a LOT of food! I enjoyed it very much, I just wish it came with more pita bread. Gyro meat was plated with some more hummus, basmati rice and fixins for awesome gyros. My friend had this dish with garbanzo beans and lamb. He really enjoyed it and said it the meat was tender. I didn't try it but it sure looked good. :)

We closed our meal with some blaklavah - they have different varieties of the mediterranian staple, I had the walnut backlavah and he had the pistashio. I liked it but I've had better and it was WAY too sweet, I couldn't finish it! 

Over all, this is one of the best places I've discovered since moving to Tempe. I really enjoy it and look forward to finding more places! To my yelpers, I say: GO! The food is yummy, the decor is cute and clean, the service is more than decent and the location is mill but NOT mill.. gotta love it!
Great middle eastern food in Tempe! The chicken shawarma plate is tasty, especially with the home made garlic sauce. Some interesting drinks include the rose water lemonade, definitely a new way to spice things up.

The place is pretty small, on Friday afternoons it can get pretty packed. Parking sucks, but its ok since the food is so good.

A bit pricey for a small middle eastern restaurant, but the selection and portions do justice.
I stop by Phoenicia once a week for the hummus deluxe with gyro - it's a perfect lunch, supertasty hummus and the gyro meat make my mouth very happy.  The folks that work there are always pretty nice, and I've never been made to wait an unreasonable amount of time for my food.  Very happy to have them in my neighborhood.
Mmmmm greek fries. I guess I always ended talking about the fries but I'm sorry I can't help it - they were SO good.

I had the chicken shawarma and it was delicious, though the fries were definitely my favorite part. The service was ok...there were a few times that we really wanted to waitress' attention to ask for napkins or get a to-go box and it was really hard to get, but for the most part a good experience. 

Next time I really want to try the hummus - I've heard good things about it.
I've been to Phoenicia a handful of times, and each time I try something new and I am never dissapointed! 
One thing I've noticed is that their daily specials are the best bet if you want to try something new and also get full. The daily specials usually are HUGE combos. 
On different occassions, I've tried the falafel pita boat, the hummus trio, the chicken shawarma and the baklava. ALL delicious. 
One tip- if you're in a rush, this may not be the best place to eat if you are coming during peak lunch hours. It's always packed. I've learned to go after 1pm and have had no problems being seated.
I love this place. I have been coming here for nearly five years; ever since I moved out to AZ, and it has always been amazing. It's a perfect place to go for lunch and since it's not directly on Mill, you can go on a nice walk after eating. The service is always fantastic and the staff will begin to recognize you if you are there often enough.

There are a few things that are a must try on the menu. First and foremost is their hummus. It is my favorite in the valley as of right now. They add a lot of garlic and the flavors will make your tongue dance, especially if you add a little sriracha. Next up, the falafel deluxe...two pita boats loaded with hummus, tahini, tabbouleh and falafel, and served with a salad or rice. So much food for around $8 and so good! The last thing that is a must try are the Greek fries. They seriously topple other places that offer a similar version of the fries. 

Again, this restaurant is close to my heart. I found it after being spoiled with great Middle Eastern food in Chicago and have been extremely happy ever since my first bite.

Tana'amoo bilhayat! Talathathoo bitta'aam!
I tried their daily special sujuk on pita with Greek fries. All I have to say i'm definitely coming back again. The food was great and at a great price. Their daily specials are perfect for my taste!

Service is definitely a hit or miss. My waitor was great and he was glad to answer my questions. They have flat screen TVs for your viewing pleasure. Enjoy!
If you squint at just the right angle while sitting on the patio of Phoenicia, you can almost see the ocean. This is perhaps the most relaxing place to sit and have lunch around Tempe.  The white patio is shaded by sail-like blue awnings which reminds you of that great trip to Greece you wish you had actually taken.  The only drawback for tall peeps is that the seating is a little lower than normal, tiled benches and cushioned stools, which leave me straining under my now heavier weight ever time I get up to leave, but... maybe I should just stay.

I have had many of the dishes on the menu here and have been satisfied on every occasion.  This is properly prepared and portioned middle-eastern food, cooked with great skill and care.  The flavors don't pop for me on every dish, but that doesn't keep me from coming back on an almost weekly basis.

Favorite dishes here are the veggie platter, the fatoosh salad and the labneh plate.  This was one of the first places I've ordered labneh and I am now a serious strained yogurt fan.  It might not sound very appetizing, but labneh is seriously good snack food and a great change from the typical hummus and baba routine.  Think thick, semi-sour cream cheese served with pita and olives.  Definitely Mediterranean, a nice snack while in your cabana.

I love the two candies they have by the register here: Turkish Delight and Cotton Candy.  The Cotton Candy is like a little spun sugar pile that resembles more of something you'd find under your bed than a dessert, but that makes all the more fun to eat as you walk out the door and return to the desert.
This little Mediterranean place is walking distance from the ASU campus. A virtual oasis during the hot day that my friend decided to visit the campus. Name me a dining venue in the Phoenix metro area that's not air conditioned? Ha! That's what I thought.

My friend ordered the shish kabob pita and I the shish kafta. I'm used to Mediterranean food so I liked the food I ordered. My friend, on the other hand, found the taste of his food "unusual" and "different". I guess the lamb didn't taste like the meats he's used to.

On a lark, I tried the imported Vimto grape soda. It was pretty good! A lot better than the American grape soda we had. I wanted to order another one but alas, they charged by the can.

If I ever come back here, I have to try their desserts. I wanted to, but I couldn't convince my friend to share it with me. I also have to try the appetizers but we were so hungry that we couldn't wait to have a prelude to lunch.

One more thing, for those that need this info. I don't know how halal this place is; but I didn't see or smell pork anywhere. I doubt there is any in this place, but ask, just in case. Okay?

Drink a Vimto for me, okay Yelpers?
There's nothing like outdoor dining here on a perfect day.  The decor is not overdone.  It is simple, comfortable, and fits perfectly with the type of food they serve.

Those Greek Fries they serve are borderline orgasmic.  The first time I tried them, I almost cried.

Their chicken shwawirma is top tier.  It's the Porsche of chicken schwawirma's in AZ.  Their other entrees, side dishes and accompanying sauces are excellent and authentic.

If I lived closer, and if my budget allowed me to eat here on a 2x weekly basis, I really would.

Kudos to this restaurant.  They really do things the right way.
OMG! Thank you fellow Yelpers for recommending this restaurant for Greek food.  My roommate and I stopped in here for lunch today and we were both thoroughly impressed. The Greek fries are awesome, the hummus is definitely the best I have had in the valley and the walnut baklava was heavenly. For an entree my roommate had the combination schwawirma. It was tasty and there was plenty to share. I choose a shrimp dish (sorry can't remember the name) but it had red and green peppers with a few carrots and onions sauteed in a red sauce with rice. It was all superb! The food here is WONDERFUL and to prove it I have already decided to return next week. Please give this place a try. The server was a gem as well. Can't wait to return...
When ever I have guests or just with a college, this place works PERFECT! now they have a sweet treat sections and if you like to try a bit more, their mini market is diverse enough to start. People is nice and the food tastes really good!
Despite the fact that I've lived pretty much on campus for 3 years now, I had never ventured, until recently, to any of the restaurants in the 'block' between Mill Ave/University Drive/ and Sun Devil Stadium.  I wish I hadn't waited so long once I went to the Phoenicia Cafe.  Its definitely one of the most authentic restaurants I've been to in Phx/Tempe, which is always a plus.  The restaurant  is located in a building shared with an Arabic food market, which is cool if you want to try something different to cook at home.  Besides the awesome location and atmosphere of the restaurant, the second awesome thing I noticed once I went here was the waiter, who was probably one of the nicest waiters Ive ever had.  As soon as we sat down he started making jokes and being friendly, which made us feel very welcome and friendly.  Now on to the food.  As I said, Phoenicia is a very authentic place and thus being so they have amazing Mediterranean dishes.  I love gyros, so I got the Gyro Pita Boat (i guess they also have a dish of just the gyro meat too, which ill have to try next time) and my girlfriend got the falafel and hummus.  Both of our meals were generously portioned and really flavorful, you can really taste the authentic spices they use in the gyro meat, the falafel, and the hummus, which really makes a different.  And maybe even better than the food itself was the drinks, they have fresh fruit nectar  which are amazing and go great with I would imagine anything on the menu.  To top off our dinner, we ordered Baklava for dessert.  The Baklava here, Im not exaggerating at all, is by far, the best I have ever head..it's sugary heaven.  All in all, pretty much every aspect of the Phoenicia is great, a perfect spot for lunch or dinner on campus at ASU. I definitely will be back again soon.
This place is pretty amazing.  The food is good and cheap, and there is a market that sells all kinds of spices, noodles, beans, as well as ethnic items that you can't get at an average supermarket.

I have had the Gyro, Schwrma, and the pita pizzas.

Dining in or eating out is always a good experience, especially when the bill comes (very affordable!)
Salam's Market, connected to the Phoenicia Cafe is a great place to buy Mediterranean groceries. 

I bought a pound of Hummus last night for $4.99, and it is some of the best hummus I have had in awhile. 

Their desserts are fantastic too! Try the pistachio cotton candy. Definitely the fanciest cotton candy I have ever had. Not the pink stuff at the fair! Very good confection from a shop that really knows how to make desserts! 

I also purchased a pound of olives, some feta cheese, pitas, and a bunch of bulk spices. All of it was very affordable, and I went home and cooked the most amazing chicken and rice dish with all the beautiful spices! 

I am a big fan of this store, and I can't wait to try a bunch of the other products that I have never heard of!
I have been eating at this place for years, and I have never been more impressed with Phoenicia than I have been in these past two weeks. 

The place is impeccably clean. 

The service is fantastic, in fact, Hakim proved to me today that good service is something the Phoenicia is striving for. 

The desserts are Ambrosial (see pictures). 

The gyros sandwich I had today had perfectly spiced meat, served steaming hot in a pita. One of the best fast food options out there! 

The slice of pizza had onions, garlic, peppers and herbs on it, and the crust is so thin and flavorful. I would rather eat this pizza than most pizza offered in the ares (i.e. Slices). 

The food offerings are not overly large, but I usually have enough to take some to go for later, and I never leave this place without getting a small dessert to go because they are that good. 

I also buy many of my spices here for cooking at home. Their spices are fresh and affordable. Even if you don't cook Mediterranean style food, the add any of the mixed spices like the Persian 7 spice or the Schwarma spice to your chicken or vegetables, and you will be regarded as one who can make a meal by your guests. 

Finally, if you use extra virgin olive oil at home (as you should because it is the best cooking fat that comes from a plant in the world) this is the place to buy it. Large containers are for sale at $9.99. You will save 20 - 30% by getting your olive oil here versus the grocery store (or Whole Foods if you are a yuppie. But if you are a yuppie, and spending outrageous amounts of moula on olive oil fills some void in your empty soul, please continue).
Wow!  This place just gets better and better!  Today I discovered, by speaking with the owner Silvia, that a fatoosh salad means that the salad has fried pita chips in it.  I had the fatoosh deluxe, which is a green salad tossed with a variety of spices, a citrus-y vinagrette, schwarma chicken, tomatos, onions, cucumbers, parsley, and fried pita chips.  It is the mediteranian answer to the taco salad.  She suggested that I get a side of their "garlic sauce" to eat with it, which seems to be a mixture of ghee and fresh garlic.  Holy garlic wonderful madness!  It is "vampire beware" good.  I am a garlic breathing dragon right now, and I'm loving it!

Silvia herself is quite charming and informative.  She seemed excited to tell me about the cous cous, which is what I'll be trying next.  When I asked her how it was prepared, she said "there is the easy way and the right way."  The right way ending up with a much better texture and involving a steamer, and the easy way involving boiling it.  They must make it the right way, because it seems everyone loves this stuff.  Cous cous, you are next on my list!

Store:

I bought a pound of olives today for the house, and will be returning later in the week to do some grocery shopping.  I can't wait to start buying my rice, dried fruits, and nuts here. The prices are fantastic, and the quality of every product is top notch.

I also noticed today that they sell hookas and hooka tobacco, which I am not personally interested in, but it may be of interest to others.  There is also a little section of the store that has some interesting personal hygene products like soaps I've never seen before and pummice stones.

I look forward to discovering more of what this place has to offer, since I honestly don't know what about 1/3 of the products in the store even are.
Sorry fellow Yelpers, but I went yesterday and I just did not experience what you all did.  The atmosphere was a quaint little locally owned place with a bakery/grocery attached and lively music which I loved-GREAT change of place from all the corporate and bland white bread places in the Valley.
The food however....ehhhhh...not so much.
I consider myself and afficando of Greek/Mediterranean/Persian food and have been on the hunt since moving to Phoenix from Chicago and we pretty dissapointed eating here.  Nothing was bad...but nothing was great either.  The Masa we ordered lacked flavor as the cheese was mozzerella and the olives just black, not even kalamata or anything.  The fattoush deluxe was heavy on the chicken and light on the salad (great for the big meat eaters out there) but it was simply too much chicken that was just average and a bit dry.  The fattoush was dressed in a homemade dressing that would have been very good had they not doused the salad in it-way to heavy handed for what is supposed to be a light/refereshing salad.
The greek fries were disappointing to say the least....frozen fries straight out of the bag and into the deep fryer.  True greek fries should be handcut and a bit thicker to hold onto their feta counterpart- they also tasted a bit bland as they lacked any oregano.
The chicken kabob pita was also "just there" nothing to send back to the kitchen but certainly nothing to come back for.

I was let down Yelpers, send me some place where the guy in the kitchen is called Dimitri, Costantinos or George, not Manuel.
Cous Cous Review: 

I had heard so much about the cous cous here that I had to try it. I really didn't know what to expect, especially considering that cous cous is a tiny pasta that I have always known to be somewhat bland. Well, not here. 

First off, the presentation of the meal was very nice. A big pile of yellow cous cous in the middle surrounded by vegetables, with a lamb shank on the side. 

The waiter, Hakim, told me to start with the cous cous as to not fill up on the meat. He said that in Morocco, the family eats from one large plate and the mother divides the meat into equal portions for the kids only after other parts of the meal have been eaten. 

He was right, and the cous cous was a treat in itself. It had a texture reminiscent of the maza used in Mexican tamales, but less greasy.  It had a buttery flavor and could be eaten fluffy of smashed together. 

The vegetables were in what tasted like a tomato based sauce that was light and sweet.  There were a variety of vegetables including bell peppers, cauliflower, carrots and peas.  Similar to American beef pot roast vegetables, they were very tender and went well with the cous cous and the meat.

The meat! Oh the tender, tender lamb shank that was falling off the bone was very similar to a traditional american pot roast, especially combined with the veggies and the starch.  It is exactly what I would expect a family to sit around and eat together in Moracco or here, just like I have done many times with my own family.  

It was a very hearty meal, yet I didn't feel like taking a nap afterward.  I was surprised to find that the flavors were very familiar, with nothing standing out as especially different from what most Americans would consider commonplace, but that is not to say it wasn't fantasatic.  I'd eat this meal again, but only if I wasn't looking for a culinary adventure like I usually am when I am out and about.  Like my friend John once told me while I was waiting for him at a restaurant, "Just order me the oddest thing on the menu, if they don't have anything odd, I'll take the soup."  

So, in conclusion, this traditional fare is great, a safe choice for a hungry person not looking for any surprises.
I am glad that they carry halal meats and serve halal food. Other then that, the food did not have much flavor. The service was slow not because of the lone waiter working the tables but the slowest kitchen staff that I have ever seen. When leaving we ordered some Baklava to go and it is the worst Baklava that I have ever eaten. ewww.... Do they even know how to make Baklava? I think not and on top of that they charge exorbitant prices for it. What a rip off. The food is very very bland. Good for people who don't like spicy foods. 

We ordered the Pita Boat and they were both okay. Overall we ended up paying around $30 for 2 adults and 1 kid plus 3 pieces of the awful baklava. I am going to give this place one more try. If the results are the same, will not be visiting it again.
Decent lunch.

Had the vegetarian platter.  My favorite was the baba ganoush. 

Easy to find coupons for... including the entertainment book.  The greek fries sound tasty.
Went to this place for the first time with a coworker. 

Lunch hour was SUPEr busy, and now I know why! It was delicious!

She ahd the falafel boat, which she says is her favorite.

I had the hummus deluxe, which when I received it, was HUGE! I couldn't even finish it off! I got a peice of baklava on our way out, and we both picked up some delicious greek chocolate goodies for the office communal snack desk. My baklava was probably the best I've had. Definitely fresh and made on site. 

Didn't get a chance to browse through the mini market they have, but I will DEFINITELY be going back to do so!
I adored my experience at Phoenicia Cafe. & I could not have asked for a more pleasant eating, dining, and service experience from this quaint place. 

I arrived at Phoenicia Cafe later in the evening, probably about an hour before they closed and it was the perfect time to come. We were seated right away, given waters, and our server was very accommodating. 

I just moved here, so I had only been to one or two restaurants specially in this kind of food, but I can never have too many options for great falafel! And boy was it delicious. They're falafel was fried just enough and the taste was rich and easy to eat: not too fried, not dry in any way, but just right. The tahini sauce was good, for I have found it can be somewhat flavorless at some places. And the vegetables look clean and they tasted delicious. The ONLY downside to this experience, was the pita. It was a little dry and not warm. If the pita had been warm and not as kind of brittle as it was, I would have been 100% pleased with my food. 

One of my friends got the vegetarian platter for which he'd never had before and scarfed it down. I watched in amazement AND he had NEVER been to this restaurant before, so I took it as solid proof that an array of their menu choices would satisfy many. 

The other plate ordered was for a carnivore who scarfed down a plate for which I unfortunately do not remember the name of. When I asked how he was enjoying his food, he said very much. He had a side of yellow basmati rice that no one else got with their order that was delicious!

Lastly, I got a piece of almond and walnut baklava that was to die for. Needless to say, it was sugary, flaky but consistent and didn't annoyingly fall apart when bit into. Needless to say, I left this little gem or a restaurant knowing I will come back soon! 

Oh, and there is a Halal (and not Halal) meat market and other middle-eastern specialty food items and few other novelties that were pretty cool.
This is a place that every fan of Middle Eastern or Greek food should give a try at least once. It's located a brief walk north of ASU Main in Tempe and always seems to be doing well because of their great food. Lunch is the busiest so I recommend going to this place in the late afternoon. Their menu has all of the typical favorites of Middle Eastern cuisine so when you try an item for the first time, you will most likely recognize it and love it. The service is quite fast in both waiting and cooking, but they're not too keen on giving refills unless you order water. The ambience and environment is great. With painted walls murals and often times Middle Eastern channels playing on the television or music, you feel as if you have stepped into the Middle East without leaving Arizona. Connected to the restaurant is a lovely specialty grocery shop. Whenever I browse this section, I always find myself making a purchase. I have been here quite a few times and the business as whole seems to improving and progressing each time. This has definitely become one of my favorite eats in downtown Tempe. The only issue I have is that unless you go to ASU, parking is difficult to find during the early afternoon. Also, you have to pay for metered parking so remember to have some quarters ready if you want to go here.
Been going here for almost 4 years....LOVE their new "sweet" section, best baklava, cashew is the best!

Service is awesome....sometimes I come with a friend sometimes with my husband but the waitstaff always recognize us and know what we order!  Food is delish, hummus is fantastic, I've had the kafta, falafal....hubby has had the lamb....everything is always 5 star....

Really good place, parking isn't too bad, but bring change because its metered....

Yummy!!!
Reasonable prices, good food.
If there's one word to describe the food here it's "fresh."  Everything I ate--the gyros, the hummus, the tabouleh, the walnut baklava (which I agree tastes totally homemade)--was made with the freshest ingredients I've ever tasted at a Middle Eastern casual place like this. 
Parked around the side of their building, but I bet at rush hour you have to meter it.  Bring change when you come just in case.
The food is good, the price is right for sure and the service is prompt.
What's not to like?
Oh, and I noticed that the people eating there ranged from obviously students from ASU to a couple white haired 70+ year olds, so this place is for everybody.
There's a small grocery selling native Middle Eastern foods there...just in case you need that needle for the eye of a camel in the middle of the night.
One of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants. A must check out!
The atmosphere is just a bit strange.  It's connected to a middle eastern market and the waiters/managers/owners are just not super friendly.  The food I got was delicious -- it was some kind of chicken combo and it came with the largest plate ever, all kinds of sides -- potatoes, rice, dill sauce, on and on.  If you do go, at least walk through the market next door -- they definitely had "full and half goat" listed for sale.  gross.
Great food!  Great service! Would definitely go back
I've been here a few times and couldn't resist the temptation when I saw a yelp deal for Phoenicia.  I'm a huge fan of this style of food and they do everything very well here.

The two times I have come here my gf and I split some ginormous sampler for 2 (or more realistically - 4).  You get to try almost everything and it is all very good.  We took 2 full large containers home as leftover, and leave stuffed for around $30 when adding in our iced teas.  The yelp deal dropped that down considerably.  But, I have paid full price for it before, and I will again, it was just icing on the cake I got it on sale.  

I don't have to send a lot of time describing the food, most people know the main stuff.  It is all quite tasty here and the service is always top notch.  Meat is moist, and everything has good flavor.  What more are we looking for, right?  There is some high quality places in the area and I think Phoenicia holds its own.  I literally drive past 5-10 of them to get here, that must say something.
Good bang for buck food. Nothing to brag about and nothing special compared to other restaurants. 

Ordered the big plate for two to share with my gilrfriend. Anahilated the food mostly due to hunger but the food is reasonably priced and the service was fantastic.
We had walked by this place many times and had even gone into the store side (attached to the restaurant) to get some hummus, but had never gone into the restaurant. Finally went for lunch today with friends and was really happy we did. Attentive, quick service, super yummy food. Had the falafel which wasn't dried out, in the pita boat, which is just their pita sandwich..it was pretty gigantic. Friend had a gyro combo, which she was pleased with. And their baklava is to die for..some of the best I've ever had. I think their pita is homemade too..stretchy and fresh. It's not the prettiest place, but for cheap, authentic Middle Eastern food you really can't go wrong.
I am a couscous addict, and this is my go-to place.  Everything I've tried here is wonderful, though, and I love the attached market.
I didn't expect to write this kind of review, the ratings all made me think I was in for a good meal.  It wasn't bad, but I have to say I have had far better.  The food was bland. I had the chicken schwarma (forgive spelling errors :) plate, falafel, and greek salad.  The greek salad was good, better than the rest of the food, but $7 (too expensive in my opinion).  The places that come to mind that I think are far better are Greek wraps, king gyro, the greek corner, shish kabob house, even some of the food at pita jungle beats the meal we had here.  I wasn't impressed with the bakava either. I can't say I will go back, I just wasn't impressed at all.  I do have to say though, the server was nice, it was clean... Nothing "wrong" with it, but the food.
I was very hesitant to try this place as my grandparents are actually Greek and restaurants disappoint me. The chicken gyro was delicious and worth the price, but the Greek fries were bitter, soggy, and awful! I recommend getting regular french fries, which is a shame since feta cheese is delicious and paired nicely with fries. It's not with it to eat the sauce unless you REALLY like soggy fries. 

Service was fine, they hire collage students or high schoolers, i couldn't tell but they were certainly young. It was understandable that my waitress wasn't attentive, because it was a busy time of lunch. However, if the service is always like that, I wouldn't recommend this place. Food is worth the trip though.
I've eaten lunch here a couple of times and I have been very pleased with my meals.  The service is good, though it seems that the kitchen staff is a little slow.  Don't stop in here thinking you can cram a meal into your 30 minute lunch break.

I have tried a number of items here and found them all to be delicious.  The portions are very generous and I've never been able to finish an appetizer and meal.  Generally I split the hommus and lebne with a coworker, we each get a meal, and we take most of everything home as delicious leftovers.

Check out the bakery, the baklava is decent and it's cheap- plus they have varieties that I have never seen, like almond/hazelnut.  And you can't go wrong with fresh, warm pita!

Recommended:  Hommus, Hommus Deluxe with Lamb, Lebne (best I've ever had), Shish Kabob pita combo (comes with a drink and fries for $7.99), and the Gyro Platter.
I have gone to the Phoenician since I was a lowly ASU student just looking for some good Middle Eastern grub. I appreciate their tzatziki on top of their gyro salad. It is a perfect blend of juicy and savory lamb, along with feta, cucumbers, lettuce, onions and tomatoes, finely chopped and topped with olive oil and vinegar. It is my favorite dish there. The plates are also excellent, and come with rice and vegetables, but are more for dinner fare. They have recently added lunch combos with fries and a drink to any pita for an additional $2.00, but they haven't posted it on the menu. You can still order it, though! 

I will keep coming back for the flavors and the prices, especially when Yelp has a deal like they one they have now!
This place loses out due to poor customer service, which is a shame, because the food is good.  it didn't used to always be this way.  It used to be good food with a friendly, attentive staff, but then they changed management. 

Our first experience with the new management and staff wasn't great.  Service was slow, but we figured they must be busy so we let it slide.  Then we bought stuff from the market.  They have two registers side-by-side--one for the market purchases and one for the restaurant bills. We went to the restaurant register so we could pay for our market purchases along with our meal.  First of all, we got ignored and had several customers taken before us, despite the fact that we were there first.  When they finally decided to acknowledge us, they told us we couldn't pay at that register since we had a market purchase.  Rather than just sliding over to the next register and taking care of the purchase there, they made us wait in line again.  Finally we checked out...and were overcharged.  We didn't realize this until we got home and by then it wasn't worth going back. 

We decided to give them another chance and went back a few weeks later.  This time the service was even more slow. 15 minutes passed before we even got our water.  45 minutes later our food still hadn't arrived.  The waitress kept speeding by our table and ignoring us.  We snarfed our food down fast when it finally got there since we had to get back, and went to pay.  Long wait again as we got ignored for other customers who came after us, and then they overcharged us.  Again.  Fortunately we caught it this time.  They hastily made the correction, without so much as an apology.  Rather, they acted annoyed that we were holding them up.  How about getting it right the first time if you don't want to do it again? 

So that was it.  I don't think we'll be going back.  It's really a shame, because the food is  delicious and this used to be one of our favorite places.  It's just a shame that the new staff sucks.  I can get good food elsewhere and not be treated like garbage and overcharged.
great cafe.  I'll be going back for sure
This is the second time I've been here, and I have to say I really LOVE the bakery.  Samosas are delish and the baklava just oozes with sugary goodness. 

The restaurant food on the other hand was a little less impressive.  I got the shish kafta boat, grape leaves, and zaatar.  While the flavors were good, there was nothing particularly special about them.  The meat is well seasoned though :)  overall the atmosphere is very casual and relaxed, but the food comes out slow.

Also a fun place to check out is the grocery store inside!  Lots of spices and foreign snacks.
Love the food but similar places like oliveo grill are way cheaper and Med fresh are way more tastier! The service is friendly but what gets to me here is the owner/men at counter up front- they aren't friendly at all & don't ever smile or greet you! 

And this is really cheap, They have offers on yelp & when i click to use it, the guy at the front says NOO u can't use it! Why have offers and entice customers to come to the place and then say no to them after they are in! Marketing ploy?! Well it's not like I m gonna leave now bcs of that, will I? Hence the stars or STAR!
I used to recommend going here instead of other places, but it seems lately that their quality has gone down and their price up. 

Their pita boat used to be 7.99, but they raised the price to $8.99, and took off the drink. 

The student burger combo is fine, but it doesn't come with a drink and you can't get greek fries.

I stopped by before work, and it took 30 minutes to get a hamburger. I was late for work. So just plan for a wait. 

The dining room isn't tremendously big, Probably a few tables outlined by booths, so it won't work well for large groups.  There is a patio outside, but I don't know if the wait staff would have ever known you were out there without going in first.
Fantastic food and even better service. One Friday night, I watched one server handle the entire dining room solo. Through it all, he was fast, attentive and pleasant. Can't recommend this place enough.

Also, the TVs usually are tuned to NFL Network or NBA TV, so I get to watch sports (cool!) with my awesome food.
This is an excellent Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe.  The food is always consistent and made with fresh ingredients.  For those interested, there is a Middle Eastern grocery located right next to it.  Both the falafel and hummus are very tasty, and I have enjoyed their chicken shwarma pita sandwich, too.  They also have very good baklava.  My favorite dish, however, is the chicken ghallaba entree, which consists of strips of chicken with vegetables and rice in what I believe is a spicy tomato-based sauce.  The entrees come in generous portions, so come with an appetite or be prepared to take leftovers home.  This restaurant is within walking distance from ASU, which means that it gets really busy during the lunch hour.  Be sure to get there early if you want lunch, in order to avoid the crowds.
One of those places you typically drive by and wonder, "wonder if that's any good?" Located right next to the blue and white mosque off Forest Avenue near ASU, Phoenicia gives you that feeling of eating off the beaten path. A co-worker of mine and I went on lunch, while we found a seat, the service was pretty slow. I ordered a plate of hummus (because I could down a tub of it in one sitting) and needless to say I was pretty disappointed. The hummus was not overly flavored - boring and bland. We split a falafel plate - consisting of 2 falafel pitas and rice. It was pretty good. Not spectacular, but decent. We also ordered some baklava to go - the traditional flavor was best, I don't recommend the chocolate one, too slimy.
I've had better pizza at gas stations. It was $1.99 a slice between 2 PM and 9 PM. Playing with a card? Be prepared to fork over an extra $.50. Have a takeout order? Be prepared to be handed a paper plate with nothing to cover it, not even foil.
This place is as authentic as it gets, but authenticity doesn't necessarily always guarantee great tasting food. Phoenicia is hit or miss. Thus the 3 out of 5 stars. So this means there are visits that would deserve a 4 and others that deserve a 3.  It solves the Shawarma fix and the Greek fries are always a nice fattening treat!
I firmly believe they have the best hummus around. I know people love Pita Jungle's hummus, but that is nothing compared to this creamy goodness! I don't think have ever had hummus so creamy and smooth. I have eaten here a few times and it has been delicious, but honestly I prefer just stopping in on my way home and picking up a container of hummus and homemade arabic pita bread (also super delicious and soft!). I highly recommend it!
Good food.
Not the best service. 
We always stop here when we visit the Tempe Masjid.
The best Mediterranean restaurant in the Phoenix area.
I drive well out of my way to go here.  I love the Ghallaba.  I don't know of another place that has Ghallaba.  The Hummus and Baba Ganoush our some of the best I have had.  If you like Mediterranean food you must try this place.  Don't be put off by the lack of parking or simple look of the place.  Go in and you will a fan too.
Daughter suggested this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by their food. I had the lamb cous cous, which was very tender and tasty.  The service wasn't great but the girl did her best of taking care of everything by herself. Expect some wait for a table during time.
Daughter suggested this place for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by their food. I had the lamb cous cous, which was very tender and tasty.  The service wasn't great but the girl did her best of taking care of everything by herself. Expect some wait for a table during lunch  time.
We've been here before so this is just to remind you to enjoy the experience of a restaurant aka market, butcher, deli and middle eastern bakery all under one roof. =. When you are in the Tempe area it is a real treat.  They make their own pita bread sold fresh and warm so you can pick up a package before you leave.  Wonderful assortment of baklava as well.   The owner is a delightful friendly man from Tunisia.  He makes you feel very comfortable and eager to please his customers.   We ordered an assortment of wonderfully prepared Middle Eastern dishes.  The servings are enormous.  I had the gyro sandwich which was so packed with the beef and lamb gyro meat. It was a challenge to eat.   We also ordered the chicken patty dish which was seasoned just right.  The rice was wonderful with a side dish of a garlicky sauce.  The hummus is absolutely the best especially if you are a garlic lover.   The server hailed from Morocco and happy to tell about his life spent there.  I can't say enough good things about this wonderful Cafe.  P.S. If you go on a Saturday the meters are running so make sure you put in your money.  You can easily get a ticket.  Only free parking on Sunday otherwise you must put your change in the meters.  It is different in Downtown Phoenix where Sat. and Sun. are free.  Same as Tucson, so beware before you park outside.
I have been eating here for many years (it's walking distance from work), and I eat here frequently. The food is delicious. I'm more of a baba ghanouj guy than a hummus guy and it's a standout here: creamy with a nice smoky flavor.  The gyros is good and the schwarma is excellent.

The service can be spotty at times, mostly newer servers. The old hands are fantastic, though.
Great food, fantastic people. Had a fun experience. Definitely 5 stars.
Im actually pretty impressed with this place. I didnt feel like driving down to my usual spot and this was a bit cheaper. one of the better chicken kabobs iv ever had. Juicy, tender,  and seasoned really well. I also ordered a fatoush salad. Its a big portion...a little too much dressing,  but good. Since I checked in on yelp I got a free sandwich as well. Theres a small middle eastern market attached with zam zam, falafel, etc... overall,  I really enjoyed my food and will be back again.
This is quickly becoming one of my most favorite lunch places..... They have the best hummus in town, and their gyro meat is off the hook. I usually order the Gyro salad.....it's a huge portion, so it could probably be shared..... 

We've also ordered the lamb shank, which was pretty good.... kind of has some curry flavors and a stew like sauce to go with, it's pretty good, but maybe not as good as the gyros.

If you are in the area and need a quick lunch, don't pass this place up..... order extra pita to eat up all that hummus!
Can't believe I have walked past this place for so many years and never went in. Doesn't look like much from the outside and the "specials" signs are for pizza and stuff. Didn't think they served legit Mediterranean food. Hummus is amazina, kafta is amazing, gyro is huge, lamb kabob plate is super filling. Everything I have tried has been good and I plan to work my way through the entire menu.
Everything here is good. My favorites are the gyros and the hommos.

My dad and his girlfriend share a chicken shwarma salad and that's quite a bit of food, also a good glutin free option.

The staff are very nice and attentive, family owned.

Save room for dessert; they have a variety of baklava and they all taste good.

They also have a small grocery shop inside with some good spices.
I always have the vegetarian platter, which is excellent. I'm not really a fan of falafel, but theirs is crunchy, flavorful and not greasy at all. The tabouli and baba ganoush are equally good, and the kitchen is happy to replace my hummus with a serving of labneh. The only downside is the pita, it's definitely not fresh baked, and tastes packaged and flavorless. The last time I ate at the Phoenicia Cafe, I tried their pistachio baklava, which is easily the best I've ever had.
The place gives you a large amount of tasty food for a reasonable price.  The gyros and kabob plate are killer and unlike any other place in town.
My co-workers and I eat here on a regular basis as it is within walking distance to the office. It's one of the better options for lunch and it's one of those places you start craving after a while. I pretty much always go for the same thing: the gyro pita boat with fries. My colleagues are big fans of the Greek fries. I've only gotten them once and while they are very good it's not something I want to spend the extra calories on very often. 

It's a family owned business and we are nearly always served by a family member. The food comes out quickly, and is always fresh. With 3 or 4 new buildings going up here I hope for my own selfish reasons this place doesn't get overly crowded in the near future!
Owners are not friendly at all. the food is ok but haji babas is much better and the prices are MUCH better. The Phoenicia is way too overpriced just for the convenience of being close to asu. ridiculous
Eaten here numerous times. Had take out numerous times too. Always yummy Middle Eastern food. The owners are very nice. My experience has always been positive with the service.
If you go on a day when they have freshly made couscous, do try it - it's very delicious! So flavorful!! 
Also their Chicken Fatoush Salad is mmmmmm!
ok...really liked the food and service...bought some stuff from the grocery store as well
here's my beef....went there on a coupon(1st time)ordered the ultimate combo for 2...had a coupon for $8 off on 2 entree's....nothing on the menu was $14 or more and the combo was $28.95...owner would not accept the coupon....told him I wasnt going to argue and wouldnt come back....what a shame...the coupon is to advertise and I would go back and take folks there as I told him but messed up attitude...too bad...if I am in the wrong great but I dont think so...maybe I need a lawyer to explain what 2 entrees is...dumb...
I used to go here when I lived in Tempe and went to ASU and now that I'm back down there again I have returned to it. I went the other day and got the chicken schwarma pita with a side salad and it was great. A pretty big meal, and really delicious. It was pretty crowded when we went but the service was still good and it was pretty quick. You have to go pay in the little market thats attached to the restaurant which isn't my favorite because there can be a line. Also, last time we went somehow two chicken pitas added up to like 30 dollars which seemed wrong so hopefully that doesn't happen again. Be sure to bring change for the parking outside because it's all metered.
This place is awesome all the way around!!!  Food was great!!!  I had them bring me what ever they thought was good and I got hummas, chicken ghal.. and pistachio balklavia with tea.  Hakim the waiter honestly is faboulous!!!  I would eat here again just to have his great service!!!
Great service, knowledgeable staff and very accommodating dietary issues, wonderful hummus, i have never had a bad meal from them.
I have probably ate at the Phoenician at least 100 times. As a student at ASU I spent many afternoons on thier patio. Unfortunately over the years the food has declined as prices increased. If it wasn't for the waiters and my hope to taste the deliciousness I recall from years ago (and the baklava) I would never go back. I remain hopeful...
The food was good, but I took issue with the manager's treatment of me as a customer.  I checked in via the Yelp app, which had an offer of buy one sandwich get one 50% off.  The waitress checked that it would be accepted and I ordered accordingly.  When it came to pay, the manager said they hadn't accepted that coupon for a year and blamed Yelp for not updating their system.  I wouldn't readily go back to a place that doesn't serve their customers in a more friendly way, especially since I was given the impression up front that the coupon would have been accepted.
My favorite place for Shawarmas and Hummus...hands down!! This place hasnt been in business for over 15 years for no reason. Conveniently close to Scottsdale, it does not take a long time to go get some of my favorite food around. The owners are great and take care of their customers
My FAV place by far for their hummus and baklava!!! The hummus is very creamy and smooth, it's making my mouth water just typing this!!! The owners are very nice and take care of the customers with excellent customer service. 

 Can't wait to go back again!!!
The lamb off my gyro was so fresh, the pita was lightly toasted and the home made sauces just add to the appeal of this amazing place. If you're in Tempe you have to come here, for me Greek is usually too greasy and oily - this place avoids that for what feels like a proper meal. Definitely go.
Came here for lunch today after driving past the place  for years and wondering if it was any good. I drove around the restaurant hoping there might be a free parking lot for customers,  but that wasn't the case,  I had to meter park. Once I found the entrance I was promptly greeted and given a menu, which was helpful because I'd never been here and wasn't familiar with all of the dishes.  Once my order was placed I took a look around the small market and was surprised at how many spices they carried,  they also sold couscous for cheaper than any market I've been to.  I wasn't quite sure where I was supposed to pick up my order,  no one said anything so that was a bit confusing. 

The food itself turned out very delicious.  I adored the crispy falafel and the gyro meat was super tender and flavorful.  They included a bag with three Pitas which seemed a little odd. The hummus was also nice and creamy and they gave me lots of it. I feel the prices were a touch higher than they should have been,  but maybe ill just order less next time:)
My family loves this place. I suggest the chicken schwarma and a side of Greek Fries.
One of our favorite places to go to eat! We've gone there multiple times & have had a really good experience every time! Their hummus is absolutely to die for and the chicken kabobs & rice are two of my favorite menu items. I get the chicken plate pretty much every time. The only "complaint" I have is that I wish that the plate came with both hummus & rice like the gyro does. I'd say this is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in the valley!
I've come here since I was a child, but mostly because it's right next to the mosque and out of habit. Food is generally good but sometimes lacking in freshness. Service can be very trying, with a higher-than-expected pricing on top.
I normally do not eat Greek or Middle Eastern food.  Having a business meeting at Phoenicia Cafe gave me snow opportunity to taste it.  I was very impressed with all aspects of the experience.  The food was great.
Food is decent but they cheat you on the pricing. Do not expect to pay what the website states, esp for catering. Some idiot at the Gilbert location mumbles something about updating the website, yada, yada. This place is not ready for prime time. I'll go elsewhere.
I've never had anything that wasn't delicious and served attentively, and I've been here at least 4x. The Greek fries and chicken shawarma are always delicious. I've never had anything from Phoenicia that wasn't completely satisfying.
I really like the gyros we had and the wait staff was friendly. Check in here and get 50% off a sandwich.
I ate lunch here today and thought it was great.  Delicious chicken shawarma!  The atmosphere is genuine: every single person I saw in there was speaking Arabic, the TV was on a Yemen satellite station showing a soccer game, and the food was authentic.  Don't let the authenticity be intimidating, though.  I only speak English and everyone was very welcoming and also speaks English.  I will definitely be back to try more of their food, hopefully very soon.
03/06/10

I rarely find myself in this part of Phoenix, so when I knew I was going to be in the area, I had two places in mind for a late lunch.  I was hoping to dine at Bobby Q, but I found the prices a bit too steep to dine alone, so I headed here.

Found the menu uninteresting that day, perhaps bec. I was looking forward to good bbq fare, but I finally settled on the basics- hummus and falafel.  For those who care, the falafel were fried in soybean oil.  (Most places I've inquired at use corn, and sometimes peanut, oil.)  The platter looked very appetizing, but don't be fooled!  The hummus was very bland, and the falafel pieces weren't that great, either.  I had to ask for lemon to get some flavor out of the falafel, and the hummus' saving grace was that it lent the falafel some lubrication.  The pita bread was probably the best thing out of the whole meal, and that's not saying much.

Afterwards, I checked out the bakery next door for some expensive baklava.  I chose three varieties, and I found them all too heavy on soggy phyllo and lacking in honey.  

$13 for terrible baklava and $7 (or more) on less than mediocre hummus and falafel made for such a disappointing adventure that day.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Not even to anyone that didn't like me.  (But then again, I'd never do that, anyway.)
The place is small and simple, the staff is very friendly, and the food is good and reasonably priced. I got the chicken shawarma dinner for lunch and a can of soda for less than $11.00. I would have taken half of the dinner home for dinner, but before I knew it, I had eaten most of it. 

I thoroughly enjoyed it and I plan on returning in the near future.
Good food. Very consistent in taste. 
Excellent buffet at lunch. Nice South indian variety in weekends buffet.

-1 star: Service can be improved. I do ToGo's much nowdays.

Try their chicken sheek kabab its good here.
This place has some of the best gyro and chicken shawarma wraps I've ever had in Phoenix! The yogurt sauce is perfect and the spices are delicious. The wraps are packed with food, and the fries have a delicious seasoning added (that isn't too salty). 

The owner is very nice, we always feel very welcomed when we come in. I'm excited to see what the rest of their menu is like! 

Essentially, here you will get delicious middle eastern food at a very low price. :)
Gyros, Chicken Shawarma, and hummus. Good food, food prices.
Seriously THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN RESTAURANT in Madison.

And mind you, as I've said in multiple occasions, I'm a vegetarian, so the choices ARE limited, but frankly every time I go there, I order EXACTLY the same thing (Vegetarian Delight with tabouli, hummus, and falafel with lentil soup or salad), EVERY TIME I leave so friggin happy and satisfied.  I don't know what they do, but from the time you go in and drink water (they put rose essence in their water), and order and armenian or turkish wine and ahh..

Also their tamar hindi is deliciously sweet and tart at the same time (it's A MUST drink, like a mango lassi but with tamarind.. yum)

Also, their lentil soup is a glorious combination of lentils, cumin and veggies that SERIOUSLY makes you want to screw etiquette and lick the plate.

Their salad dressing, OH MY GOD, you have no idea how many times I've ordered take out, and I've asked for extra dressing.  It's sweet but salty and just heaven.

Their falafels are chewy in the center and crispy in the outside.

Their hummus is just so creamy and filled with garbanzos.

Their tabouli tastes so incredibly fresh EVERY SINGLE TIME...

Serioulsy, GO TO LuLu's... you won't regret it!!!!!!  In fact, go and thank me... I like thanks and compliments!!!!  ;)
The food is good but its maybe only slightly better than Shish Cafe or Mediterranean Cafe.  The kicker is that the prices at LuLu's border on absurdity.  

This place very close to our house - and I would love to go there more often - but I just don't think its worth the money.
Every single time I come to Madison, we always come here. It drives me nuts. The In-laws loves this place. They come here ALLLLLL the time. I like certain restaurants too, but I don't go there once a week for 12 years!

With that said, their lentil spinach soup is very tasty. The grilled chicken breast on rice with hummus is really good, moist and flavorful. Yesterday, I enjoyed the haddock with rice and toasted almonds. The plate was plenty for 2 people. The tabouli is fresh and tasty.

The food here is very good but expensive. The haddock is $18 for mostly rice and 4 nuggets of fish.

I'll be back... because I have to.
I went to Lulu's for lunch yesterday with friends and enjoyed an amazing falafel sandwich with hummus. Their sandwich menu is well-priced and delicious, but my friends who ordered larger entrees found those to be quite small for their prices. 

This seems to be a great place for some things, but their prices are skewed. My verdict: Go there and get a sandwich!
I had thought that my commentary on their prices would be "picky" but apparently not.  I have to agree with the reviews:  the food I got (shawerma sandwich) was quite good -- excellent, in fact.  But for a *small* pita sandwich (~5 1/2" diameter) was...$8 (plus $2 for a *can* of Pepsi).  It was mighty tasty but there are numerous other ethnic "eats" in Madison where you can get a truly filling meal, and not have to fork out $10+tip for what would be considered a "street food snack" in its native country.
Where are you?!?!
We went to eat there and the restaurant was gone!
Excellent middle eastern food in a pretty sketchy, run-down location. 

Almost a little too authentic for me. I though I was a big Baba Ghanoush fan until I ate here the other day. It was pretty weird consistency and had a very pungent flavor. I'm guessing this is how it supposed to be made. I'm not sure if I'm a Baba Ghanoush man anymore.

I had a vegetarian plate, which was very diverse, large, and tasty. I think it ran 8.50 and came with hummus, the aforementioned pungent baba ghanoush, dolmades, falafel, tabouli, spanakopita, pita bread, and soup or salad (I got the lentil soup). Everything was very flavorful and delicious, except for the dolmades which were surprisingly tame. The falafel which was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm, tasty, and chewy on the inside was a welcome change from the pedestrian falafel I've had recently at the big fat greek and cyprus pita grill.

My companion got the Arabic alliance certified mixed kebab platter. It looked awesome, but didn't blow my friend's mind. It had baba ghanoush, hummus, rice, a chicken kabob, and a beef kabob as well as pita and soup/salad. 

The biggest issue with this place is its location. Seedy, old strip mall trying to class it up with a whole foods market, arab market, fattoush, etc. But that area is not the kind of place to walk around at night and the dining room at fattoush isn't much to look at. It's the kind of place you want to eat at and get out of as soon as possible. Hopefully in due time they will be able to move to a better location.

Although the staff is very friendly, seemed to be on a first name basis with most of the people who came in, and of course makes great food. I'd recommend it for lunch or take out when you are looking for a big, flavorful meal.
First, NO atmosphere.

After working at the Clarendon for as long as I did, I recommended Fattoush quite a few times and never heard a bad word about it. But, honestly, I rarely stray further west than 15th avenue as general practice. Lucky for me, I was broke and at the will of my paying lunch partner, and he took me here (it's Ben from the Clar, FYI... here's proof that he's as into non-chain and local joints as most of us yelpers... and we drove there in his p-i-m-pin Prius... owoooo).

We had virtually the same thing and were both very pleased with it. The humus is very, very good. Incredibly smooth and flavorful.

Lentil soup also gets incredible thumbs up.
Fattoush is an amazing little place, family run with wonderful fresh, homemade tasting food. Seriously the best hummus I have ever had.
The prices are great, you can have an amazing lunch under $10.
The menu is pretty broad with a lot of traditional dishes from lamb to fava beans to hummus. Vegetarians can find plenty of choices.
Never having been to the Middle East, I am not sure of the authenticity of the food, but if I were to guess, this is what it would be like to eat a home cooked meal there.
The staff is friendly and helpful and the service is great.
Most of the people eating there are Middle Eastern each time I have been there, which I think say something about the quality and taste of the food.
The place is great, you can't beat the price and better yet, you can't beat the taste.
I just had lunch here for the first time in months. Man, i've missed it. 

I can't speak for authenticity, never having been to Iraq or anywhere else in the middle east, but I can speak for flavor. Yum. In the many months since our discovery of this great little joint, we have worked our way through a good portion of the menu. We take friends and family to Fattoush, and no one has been disappointed yet. (except for the time they were closed due to a kitchen fire- that was pretty disappointing!)

Norma R. is right- there really isn't much atmosphere, so don't expect a romantic meal here. It's a no frills place, with friendly service and great food.  What more do you need? 

Things like falafel, hummus and baba ghanoush rank high on my list of favorite foods, so this place is an automatic win for me. The flavors are incredible, particularly the smoky baba ghanoush and the tangy garlic dip. I could eat that stuff with a spoon. The falafel is the closest thing to garbanzo bean perfection that I have ever tasted. 

The meat dishes, such as chicken shawarma and various kabobs, are all flavorful and fantastic. Served with rice and another side depending on what you order, these plates will fill you up and send you home happy. 

For the light eaters, their pita sandwiches are fantastic and cheap. They'll cost you between $4-6, but they are huge and stuffed to the max. 

All entrees (sandwiches too!) come with either salad or the fantastic lentil soup. Skip the salad. The soup is too good to ignore.
I used to work at a Lebanese restaurant/bar for years.  And...I'm from Michigan which gives me a fair position to judge Middle Eastern food, as Michigan is crawling with homemade pita and baba to die for..This place is not about gyros or belly dancers, it's a real deal Middle Eastern deli.  I agree fully with the average 4 star rating losing one star ONLY for lack of atmosphere.  But, if you are craving falafel, warm pita, hummus, or chicken schwarma for lunch than this is your place.  

Nothing on the menu will disappoint!
Finally made my way to Fattoush and I have to say "mmm mmmm good!" Not since my old neighbor, a refugee from Iraq, moved out have I had I experienced such robust flavors combined with healthy food. Lord I miss that man!!!

So yeah there isn't much of an atmosphere, the pictures don't really fit in the molding that was hung to frame art, but does that effect the food? Absolutely not! Physically, not much has changed since this place was the Green Leaf Cafe which was the predecessor to the Persian Garden. Except that the food here is less on the fusion side of Mediterranean flavors and more middle-eastern authentic Iraqis with a little Jordanian thrown in.

I love that you start out with the green lentil soup or salad with every meal. The name of the restaurant actually comes from said salad, which is a mix of romaine, tomatoes, cucumber, mint and toasted triangles of pita bread, covered with a tart balsamic vinegar dressing. But the soup is where it's at. It's unlike your average lentil soup - smooth and creamy, with bits of pasta. Very mild. It's a nice homey touch which is really what this food is all about. And that homey touch comes naturally, as the two main staffers are brother and sister. Their mom often helps out in the kitchen (and dad is busy cooking in Scottsdale).

When we arrived there were just two tables with guests, so we had our pick of eating spots. And there were a steady stream of people coming in for take-out throughout our visit. 

The menu is actually quite large considering their kitchen is about the size of my bathroom. On this visit, my sis and I decided to sample as much as we could to get a feel for the place. She was a little iffy as she had never had this kind of food, but once the dishes started rolling out, she quickly became a fan. We started with the fava beans, mixed with olive oil, garlic, and lemon. Main courses consisted of the Falafel Plate which comes with warm pita, hummus, pickles, and tomatoes and Chicken Shwarmas which were spiced perfectly and had juicy - dare I say succulent chicken. We topped the meal off with some freshly made baklava and rolled our way out to the car for our trip home.

Just after the soup course, a large Ford taxi pulled up and out of it piled out 8 full grown (some more fully grown if you get my drift, than others) ME men. It was sort of like the proverbial clown car... I mean seriously I didn't know you could get that many men in one car. They headed straight for the table next to us and then things really started to pick up. Four of them ordered Lamb Kuzi and the rest all got something different. Let me just say that my sister had to hold me down because their food all looked so good. Their table was literally crammed full of dishes with smells so good that I swear my nose grew just trying to get a better whiff!

Our meal came to $25  but in retrospect, we really didn't need all three dishes and could have easily gotten out of there for about $16. Service was attentive, food was phenomenal (and healthy - how often do you find that?!!), and it's only .5 miles from my house. This is probably the best ME food that I've had at a local restaurant and the place would definately warrant the coveted 5-stars on the food alone, but the afore mentioned atmosphere knocks it down one. It may have taken me years to get over to Fattoush, but it won't be long before my next visit! That Kuzi is calling me!!!
Oh my.  The solidly 4 star reviews directed me to not miss out on this authentic Middle Eastern eatery in my neighborhood so with happy anticipation we sashayed into the place named Fattoush; but it wasn't the restaurant I read about below in the glowing reviews. I totally missed out on this fabulous Fattoush experience. I wanted to go to the place you all visited, badly!  It's making me not want to review things. I look mean or snobby, but I'm really not. Let me share the experience with you.
We were alone, except for a relative eating his dinner. The lady asked if we wanted take out, but we wanted to eat in, She seemed surprised and disappointed. She took her time getting the menu's and she took 15 going on 20 minutes to deliver two green ice tea's. I'm not kidding~ I watched the Iraqi shaped wood clock pass the time while she chatted on her cell phone. I watched her back mostly. She paced back and forth from the man enjoying his dinner and the behind the counter area.  I'm thinking we should at least have drinks and soup by now. Sigh. Was she brewing the ice tea... from scratch? The iced tea came warm and the soup came cold. There weren't any solids in the soup it was green lentil broth. Would have tasted great if it was warm and had lentils. The soup bowl was nuked. I could tell because my chipped bowl was hot, like in a typical poor microwave situation. We were abandoned by the server, no ability to send it back, she was busy on the phone. She wasn't taking orders on it, it was a personal call. A long personal call.
We ordered the King combo dinner for two. Might as well sample a lot of things to be fair. We got to sample very over cooked and dried out meats. re-heated rice that clumped, curdled yogurt, tabouili without bulgher,vinegary dolmades, greasy spinach pies, crusty falafal, mediocre hummus and burnt babaganoosh with a huge pool of oil in it. Flies buzzed over our meal and I shook my head. This whole platter was pre made and microwaved and it wasn't good. Not one item was worth a positive review. Swishing the flies away, I was regretting the visit. We had empty tea glasses and wanted to get more drink, but the lady was now talking with a woman who walked in and wanted to give them some figs. From her yard or something. I don't know.. it was, "Let's not Pay any Attention to the Customers Time" I think.

Re heated poor foods, coupled with inattentive service sealed Fattoushes review. We were ready to pay and leave. My partner is questioning my judgment on these yelp approved places. We keep trying them and getting bitterly disappointed.

We went up to the counter to pay as we didn't want to wait longer for a bill to be presented. The lady said "I hope you liked it!" She seemed to want me to be happy, but I'm sorry. I made a small polite smile and left a small tip.I don't think this place is worth returning to.
so.. i've read many reviews that made my mouth water about this place and have been wanting me some fattoush for a while! so randomly driving by about 2 weeks ago with my dusty  i realized omg "fattoush!" pointing out the window, looked at him and said "i need it!"

the thought of being in falafel heaven, made me happy.. it had been a while since i had good falafel, it didnt let me down. i had the veg plate that came with lentil soup, hummus, a pickle!, dolmas, eggplant mmm so good and of course falafel! they gave us plenty of pita bread which i was thankful for since most the places i have been to give you 1 or 2 thin pieces! and charge you for extras. ugh! i love my bread. thank  you.

we sat near the window next to their cute decorated christmas tree and annoying flies :/ , and watched the rain. other than the flies it was grreat.
I have to give Fattoush 4 stars because their baba ghanouj is, by far, the best I've ever had.  It is fabulous.

I like everything I've tried there.  Great options for vegetarians and meat eaters as well.  The lentil soup is yummy, the tabsy, even the french fries...haven't yet found something I didn't like and we've tried all the veg. options.  A really nice addition is the garlic sauce - we love that stuff.

It is true that the atmosphere is...not so impressive.  But I actually like that - I like that it is laid back and casual.  And the people there are very sweet and friendly.

Prices are decent as well.  

One caution: we always call before we go to verify their hours for that day because there have been several times they have been closed unexpectedly.  But we enjoy it enough to take that extra step!
Extra friendly service and great food at decent prices. We have only ordered take out but have enjoyed quality service when picking it up.
Great Middle Eastern food.  I used to eat there with some friends from Turkey and they all agreed that this was one of the best places in the Valley.

I am huge fan of Kafta and theirs is one of the best I have had.  The portions are huge and everything from the meat to the rice to the sauces are great.  The lentil soup is also a nice touch.
Great menu. I had never had middle eastern food and this was a great first experience. I had the Chicken kisara. EXCELLENT 

We were on a fast time frame for lunch in between meetings and using Yelp with previous reviews, we choose Fattoush, reviews & location where driving forces. I will definitely be back and more adventurous with each visit.
Why is it so hard to find some good fried ball of fun, Aka falafel.

I rolled on in here with a coworker on our adventure lunch trip for the week. We were relived that we were not the only customers or outsiders when we showed up. We picked the table of our choice and were given the menus a few minutes later.

The menu had many vegetarian dishes including a sampler plate, for lunch the prices of the dish items was a bit high $8.95. Many of the menu items had recently undergone a crude price charge with a label maker. We waited a bit until they came to take our order.

If you read any of my reviews it should be no surprise that I went for the Falafel sandwich. The sandwiches came with either a salad or soup. I oped for the salad, it was a basic mix of ice burg lettuce with diced tomatoes and cucumber dressed with a light balsamic dressing. 

Our sandwiches arrived after another 10 minutes. During that wait we  took in the interesting, whimsical, tacky decor. Floral paintings, painted cornice upon cornice moldings, and a Iraq clock.

My falafel sandwich was basic, falafel, lettuce, a picked and tahini. It was decent, the falafel was soft inside and had a good flavor. The size was a bit small considering the $5.25 price. 

The service was a bit slow, and we oped to get up and pay at the register as we could not wait any longer.

The food was decent the service and prices were not so only awarded 3 stars.
I've never had falafel from anywhere but P.J and H.B (in Tempe) before, but when a friend of mine wanted to meet me for lunch here on Monday, I jumped at the chance to try a new place. 

I ordered the falafel pita (of course) and a choice of soup or salad came with the meal.  I opted for the salad.  Both the salad and falafel were tasty.   Price for my meal - Under $6 

My only gripe is when I was asked what I wanted to drink after I sat down.  Our food came out, and yet I was still without a beverage.  So, I asked again for a glass of water.  Finally 5 minutes later, she brought me a glass.  

Other than the beverage oversight, everything was great.
I was displeased with the quality of the food. The lentil soup was unusual tasting, the hummus, babaganoush, grape leaves and spinach pie were mediocre in taste. The prices are very cheap. The mango juice was very good though
Stopped into this cute little Iraqi restaurant for lunch today, & ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro for this first visit.  It comes with your choice of soup or salad, & I went with the cup of nice hot lentil soup.  At only $5.95 for everything, it was even less expensive than Al-Hana, & it all turned out like this:

Comfortable dining room + lovely staff + excellent service + delicious food + very reasonable prices = Yay, I'm a fan!!    :-))
I admit that, like other reviewers, we had to get up to get our check when we were finished.  However, the service was great when it counted (when we were eating).  And even if it hadn't been, the food was really AMAZING.  I ordered the gyro sandwich -- I love them, but they're usually pretty standard no matter where you go.  The meat was tender and flavorful here, though, and not greasy like in other spots.  We also had the hummus, which was great, too.  I had the lentil soup, which was superb.  My husband got the lamb kebab plate and was impressed with everything down to the rice -- and he's an extremely picky eater.  Great food, good prices and good service -- what more could we ask for?  We'll definitely be back.
THIS IS TRULY THE BEST OF ITS KIND IN THE VALLEY.... THE MIXED GRILL IS AWESOME. The quality of the meat is excellent. This is one of those that we go back to again and again..... Better than all the others you are reading about really really....
Love mom and pop restaurants.  The food is really great. Service can be slow but its totally worth it.  Have not had anything bad on the menu.  If you're not sure what you want, try just a simple pita.  It's inexpensive and filling.  Save room for baklava!
Had such high expectations after reading the reviews! The food is mediocre at best and out of a can at worst. 

I had the mixed vegetarian plate (my standard to get an idea of the food at any new middle eastern place) and C got the gyro sandwich. The grape leaves were absolutely out of a can (and microwaved to the point of scalding) and I'm guessing the same applies for the hummus and baba. Gyro meat was not fresh sliced off of a spit - it was totally uniform slices, all the same exact shape that had probably been microwaved. Clearly out of a package and not of the spit. The falafal was ok but not seasoned well enough. 

If you're looking for authentic mid eastern fare - find another place to eat.
I've been here twice and I can assure you it will not be my last time. Had lunch today and it was yummy and the service was particularly nice. I got the gyro and lentil soup and the fiance got the chicken shawarma, lentil soup, and a side salad (the Fattoosh salad). It was all really good but I think the chicken shawarma was the winner. The lentil soup is also amazing with a bit of squeezed lemon and pepper. I could eat it all day long. Also, the prices can't be beat. Super duper deal.
Good little family owned restaurant. Friendly service with solid middle eastern food. The leg of lamb was very good. Also, there is a great Uzbek grocery store next door.
Great familiy owned middle eastern restaurant.  The food is great, serivce is fantastic, and everyone is very friendly.
What a gem! I've driven by this several times and read some great reviews about the place and finally decided to check it out. And man am I happy! We did the king's feast, which was supposed to be for 2 people but ended up feeding two children as well as my wife and I. It was $25 for Chicken kebab, Kafta kebab, gyro, rice, hummus, babbaganoush, falafel, dolma, spinach pies, meat pies and salad or soup. The only thing I didn' t like was the spinach pie, everything else was great. My favorite was the kafta kebab, although it did taste exactly like a good meatloaf (which I like, but not sure it's what I expected). We also ordered these little chicken rolls with garlic sauce that were great. All total, I think we spent $33 and had a terrific meal. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes on the menu!!
Chicken Sharwarma is amazing!!  I get the chx sharwarma sand, it's in a pita--and hummus on the side.

Very cool small joint, family run, enough said.  Very good food!
Had luch here about a week ago.   I was the only person there at 11:30 but soon folks started showing up for take out.  I ordered a fallafel sandwich and salad.  Both were incredibly fresh and tasty.  Casual atmosphere.  Friendly service.  Great prices.  Great place to eat.  I will go back!
I love their hummus, but the fattoush itself left my teeth hurting for days! I couldn't bite down on much after that. 

This last time I went, I had the falafel and spinach pocket. I don't know what it is about their phyllo but it has a strange texture to bite down on. It's not awesomely crispy. 

The falafel itself was yummy! I do wish, however, that they had romaine and tomatoes on the sandwich rather than iceberg.

Overall, it's good - some dishes even amazing! - definitely give their world-ending hummus and baba ghannoush a shot.
Great food, friendly service and a good value.

I had dinner here recently and the four of us shared a Kings Table combo.  It was delicious, fresh and served with a smile.
I must admit that I have already begun to lose faith in quite a few reviews that I've read on Yelp.  Please let me assure you that of all the reviews I read, I should have completely ignored the 4 & 5 star reviews and trusted some of the more knowledgeable but unfortunately negative reviews.  If you've eaten at some of the great mediterranean/middle eastern restaurants in the valley (I'm thinking of one unnamed delicious place in Tempe in particular), trust me this is nothing like them.  I took my wife here for lunch because of the solid 4 star rating, ignored the mild seediness of the location and ordered the gyro plate while she ordered the chicken kabob sandwich.  The waitress looked at me with a perplexed appearance so I finally asked her if there was something wrong with my order.  "We are out of gyro meat but someone will be back from the market with it if you will wait"..... So I ordered a beef schawerma sandwich instead.  Why would I wait for someone to bring back gyro meat to warm up - what happened to a spit of beef and lamb roasting on a rotisserie?  After a reasonably moderate wait we get lentil soup which was not horrible and a plate of lettuce sitting in a pool of oily dressing.  The hummus was pretty darn good - bread fine just like if I bought it at a market...not warmed but fine.  Our sandwiches each contained pretty dry, unremarkable meat - again not inedible but far from what I'm used to.  My drink was an overpriced can of soda and the whole deal was several dollars more than a wonderful meal elsewhere...complete waste.  Just because a restaurant is family owned non-franchise does not make it good or a reasonable value - sorry.
Amazing mix of excellent food and a lil culture.  I do enjoy the little unique places you have to dig for, especially if its a family run location.  The baba ganoush, and dolmas were perfect.  I'm a huge fan.  Will definately return, I have so many things to try now ;)
The lentil soup is the star of this restaurant.  I wish they sold it by the gallon.

You could say Fattoush is kind of a hole in the wall, which I appreciate in an ethnic restaurant.  The decor is eclectic and seems to embody the spirit of the family owners.  If you expect fancy you may be disappointed, but if you expect a delicious meal at a fair price you'll be headed back for more.

Tonight I had the Chicken Shawarma sandwich (seasoned and served in a pita with tomatoes, pickles, and sauce) which, served with soup or salad at $6.95, was a steal.  And the tiny cup of Turkish coffee was just right.

The service is good and definitely very friendly. 

Fattoush fits right in on that magical stretch of 19th Ave. between Indian School and Camelback, among so many great diverse food spots.
After having dined here before & given it 4 Stars, I raved it up to Norm R., Robyn N. & MIke C. who joined me for lunch here today.

Well, this place was a disappointment today.  Each of us ordered the same thing, the "Mixed Grill", a platter that was supposed to come with Gyros, Chicken Kabab, Kafta Kabab, rice, babaganoush, hummus, and pita bread.

*  After a little while our platters showed up, missing the Gyros!     :-(

*  After some back and forth, we were served the two strips each of Gyros, but it was very greasy.  We shouldn't have had to ask for it either, let alone beg!     :-(

*  I tried to order a bowl of their renouned Lentil Soup, but they didn't have any.     :-(

*  On top of everything else, this plate was expensive, at $12.49.     :-|

Ugh.  I doubt I'll be returning to this one, especially since we have excellent alternatives such as Al-Hana.     :-)
I ordered the mixed grill platter, as did my yelp friends Rand, Mike, and Robyn. I found the babaganoush, kafta, and chicken kebab to be very good. The hummus was OK. The gyro slices came only after we reminded them that those were supposed to be part of the platter, and they were greasy and unappealing. I did not care much for the salad that came with the platter. Service was friendly and the food was served promptly. But for the same kind of food - well, actually, more of it and at a lower price, I'd rather go to Babylon Gyros.
Had lunch here with Robyn,Rand,and Norm .We all ordered the mixed grill platter wich consists of chicken kabab,kafta and gyro slices.when the food arrived it was missing the gyro slices and after short argument over the gyro slices they decided to give them to us(they are on the menu and on the picture on the sandwich board out front) there should have been no question about it,its not something new to the menu.Anyway they were really greasy and not that good anyway.I did like the kafta it was very good as well as the rice. The chicken kabab was ok and the pita bread and hummas was good I also liked the garlic sauce.So I ask myself , would I return , well the answer is no. So 2 stars for Fattoush.
AWESOME.  Their grape leaves (although meatless) were some of the best I've ever had.  We also had the lamb kabobs with rice, hummus, tabouleh and lentil soup.  This will be our new staple place to go!
I've had better falafel and better hummus....mashed up chickpeas with no spices. The lentil soup was pretty good. I wish I liked it better because I live really close.
You can smell the wonderful food when you get out of your car. I love this place for the food!! It's a small, mom & pop, restaurant where the food is cooked with love! It great for middle-Eastern home cooking like mom's.... Especially, the mansef (mnisef)!!! 
it's all good, tasty, well spiced and fresh! the only down side is the location... it's not on the best side of town. Oh well, can't have it all!  Though, it's so worth the drive.... I go every 2-3 weeks.

-What to expect? a good Middle-Eastern home cooked meal for a fair price!

Save this one in you GPS fav's!
The food here is exceptional as are the prices. This place has my favorite falafel, best lentil soup in Phoenix (rivaled only by Sahara in Tempe), delicious rice and the iced tea is a yummy cardamom black tea blend that makes me happy. The vegetarian combo platter is also delightful, with outstanding hummus and babaganoush. 

This is not a place you go for atmosphere but if you love good veggie food, you should not miss this place. 

* Bonus, you can stop by the Middle Eastern Grocery next door and pick up the Sadaf cardamom tea by the box to brew at home.*
I know my middle eastern food. I eat and sleep Kabobs!
Being indian with a middle eastern background and culture. 

The food sucks. No I don't own a restaurant. I love my food.

Slow service, bad food, poor food prepping.

I didnt get sick but the food was not tasty at all
I love this cute, quaint restaurant. You can even catch belly dancing here on the early weekend nights! The food is amazing. Be sure to try the thick hummus and the Shawarma. 

Even the drinks are unique. I had one of the best glasses of lemonade (it was extremely fresh tasting and it had a pleasant aroma) and was unlike anything other lemonade I've ever sipped.

There's also a market inside the restaurant where you can pick up a pound of Feta.
I love this place.  It's run by a Lebanese family who are just really really nice.  The hummus is awesome as is the tabouleh and labni.  My favorite though is something they call "garlic dip" which tastes like some sort of avatar of garlic came up and punched you in the mouth and then french kissed you while you were passed out.  Bring breath mints, but don't skip the garlic dip!  They have a buffet for lunch on the week days which is pretty good.  I like the gyro pita and the falafel pita.  Hell, I like just about everything I've had here.

When you're done stuffing your face, go check out the market.  They have some awesome stuff if you're into mediterranean food, some halfway decent teas, fresh olives and feta, halal meats, the whole deal.
I hemmed and hawed over whether Cafe Istanbul was a three-star or a four-star joint, but the belly dancer pushed it over the top. Four stars.

But let's take a step back. 

I don't actually like belly dancing, really. I knew these girls in college who got really into it. They were the kind of girls who wore anklets and gushed about how they had studied abroad in Chee-lay and actually used the term goddess when they weren't talking about salad dressing. I'm from Oregon, so I probably knew dozens of these girls. I am not one of them. 

No, the belly dancing is awesome for an entirely different reason -- it makes my gay friend very uncomfortable. This amuses me to no end. While he tries to avoid eye contact, I smile at the dancer encouragingly, using my best "come hither" look. She comes to the table, gyrating just inches from my friend's mortified face. I am gleeful all night. 

They also have food. It's Lebanese, and it's pretty good. In addition to the standard "stuff in a pita" fare, they have some interesting dishes -- like a pizza-esque item filled with ground lamb and spices. Yumm. 

In terms of Middle Eastern food on Apache, I prefer both Haji Baba and Tasty Kabob. But I'll definitely be back. Just as soon as I can trick my friend into it.
I was not super impressed. 

I had lunch with some co-workers with high hopes. I was really disappointed. The hummus had no flavor, the pita was hard, my gyro meat was yum but the sand which had no lettuce, tomato and the sauce was scarce. 

I prob won't be running back. The people were super nice so that would be the only reason to do so.

I am going to stick with Pita House in Old Town.
I've been here a bajillion times because I used to live up the street. I've tried every type of meat and all of the vegetable dishes.  

The falafel is a little bland, but if you cover it in their garlic dip it doesn't matter.  Other than that, everything is fabulous.  The first thing I ever ate was the baked lamb sandwich and it was divine.  I just had lunch there yesterday and I'm salivating writing this review and thinking about it.

The restaurant is very nicely decorated and the family that runs the place is super nice and friendly.  I can't believe how empty this place usually is, especially since Pita Jungle is across the street and parking is impossible over there.

They have a lunch buffet but I've never partaken.
WIN.

I've been here a few times and every time I say to my dining partner, "damn this is good".  Their food is excellent and homemade.  The waiters are very friendly (family run spot) and knowledgeable about their food and ingredients.  I highly recommend the chicken kabob, lamb kabob, and garlic sauce... YUM!

For gluten-free diners, steer clear of their lentil soup and their rice, both items contain small wheat noodles.  Shame too because the soup is fantastic.  Also while you're there don't sleep and order a lemonade, it's crazy good.
This place is great if your looking for a nice middleastern meal, and also mid-eastern atmosphere, it has taken off since oasis moved, and they have revamped the place, i would highly recommend it, its very authentic, and if your looking for "Halal" "Kocher" food they have it as well! 
The owners are lebanese and cook in true lebanese fashion! 

You can also sit down and enjoy tea and a nice Shisha *Hooka*
I've been here twice now for the lunch buffet and the second time I even brought a friend who was a foodie and both times it was great. They have a great selection of dips on the buffet, a few salads and many warm entrees to choose from. 

I recommend taking a little bit of everything and if you follow my rule, you won't be disappointed. Everything is absolutely delicious and you'll have fun guessing the spices in the various dishes. 

If you're in the mood for some tasty middle eastern food, I would really recommend it. It's a little short on ambiance, but with flavors like that, who's looking anywhere but their plate?
Awesome chicken shawarma sandwich!  However, it came with fries, w/c were crispy and delicious, but the grease and flavor almost brought on nausea (sorry for the visual).  I hope management will allow me to substitute next time.  

Noticed bags of pita for take-out in the deli section- Good Bread pita and Al-Hana whole wheat.  They do not contain *, so I'll be taking some home next time!

I'd prefer not having the deli counter visible from the dining area, though (so glaringly bright!).  Put up a divider of sorts, and this venue could easily attain great-for-a-date status!
I really adore this place. They've got some of the best lentil soup around and all of their chicken dishes have been perfectly seasoned and very, very juicy. I recently got the kabob plate and it came out so tender and juicy it was falling apart on my fork. Their hummus and garlic sauce are both very good as well and the service is quick and friendly. 

Last time I was in, I noticed they expanded their dining section so the place is a bit bigger now, probably to accommodate the increase in customers from the park-and-ride light rail station right in front of their restaurant.

Do yourself the favor. If you're heading on the light rail and feel hunger strike, stop off here and enjoy a nice meal. They have good lunch specials around $7.50 for a full plate with meat, hummus, garlic sauce, pita, and tabouli. Mmmm!
The restaurant is very good. I particularly like the Sanbusek, and the Kafta, Grape leaves, etc. Very well done.

The real star is the upstairs Hookah lounge, if you're into Hookah. Very loungy atmosphere, couches are very comfortable, and the Hookah has the best flavors. The belly dancing show is alright. I'm not that much into belly dancing but it adds some extra middle eastern flavor to the atmosphere. I've been there once and certainly it will be one of my favorite destinations.
Good Chicken shawrma, got the lunch portion which was very reasonably priced (7.50 I think).  Although the waitress gave me rice instead of the veggie option, the meal was still well worth it.  Good for the $$, will be back for lunch again.
We've been going here for years, and we went again last night. This is the hands down best place to get Chicken shwarma in the valley. My friends turned me on to Cafe Istanbul a few years ago and even though they moved away long ago, we still go. My mother flew to town this week and the only place she mentioned having to go to while here is Cafe Istanbul! 

Some nights there is a belly dancer, and you should always order the lentil soup!
Great food, great prices, great hookahs, great shisha selection... Nuff said... but really, if you live in Tempe and have a hookah hobby, do yourself a favor and visit this place.  You will be pleasantly surprised by all the hookah gear they carry.  If hookah isn't your thing then come for the food.  Their chicken shawarma sandwich with fries is delicious and affordable.
After last night I asked myself, "Why have I never been here before?" 
It was a slow Thursday night but the service certainly wasn't. 

I hate when I go into a restaurant that has six customers (your party being two of them) and the service is ridiculously slow (see my review on Casa Philipina.) 

My friend, who brought me into this quaint eatery last night, is pure Pakistani. She raved about how amazing this family owned cafe and market reminded her of home and how they served the best lentil soup and grilled lemon chicken. 

I was impressed. Extremely. 

The soup was fantastic, the pita bread was warm and begged for me to dip it in a mixture of hummus and cilantro. When the dish came out I stared at it in awe and proceeded to dig in! The rice and chicken was abundant! The chicken was seasoned to perfection and juicy, the hummus and garlic paste was a perfect companion. 

My friend then had me share a mango juice and baklava with her and I was in heaven! 

I'm also into hookah so I was impressed with the hookah selection and tobacco! Very reasonably priced!
Great little family owned place.  A good portion of the clientle is actually Middle Eastern, so they've got to be doing something right.  The owner, Mike, is always around and very friendly, and usually hanging out in the market part of the building.  There's a hookah bar upstairs, but having an aversion to hookah, I've never ventured in.   The market is neat to look around in and a good place to go for some excellent fresh feta cheese or lamb.

On to the food.. it is fantastic and inexpensive.  You can get a falafel sandwich and fries for under $5, but that's about the cheapest meal on the menu.  The have a lunch buffet Monday - Friday from 11-3 for $10.  It's a very small buffet and at least half of it is cold food like salads and hummus.  About 75% of the time, I have no idea what I'm eating, but I always enjoy it.

As an added bonus, the last time I was there the guy who refilled my water was wearing one of those t-shirts with kittens on it.. their faces on the front, and their butts on the back.  I don't know if he was serious or not, but it was pretty amazing.
When Pita Jungle is insanely packed, just walk across the street and I promise you will better food at a cheaper price.  Their hummus is absolutely delicious and I love their lamb!  Perfectly seasoned food and a great price!  Hit this place up over Pita Jungle and you won't be disappointed.
I went to this place to get my first Hookah. Really good prices on hookahs and shisha. Better prices than online. The staff are pretty cool guys.
Was just there for dinner, based upon some of the other reviews on Yelp, and because I live only blocks away and had never been there before.  I would highly recommend the Lemon Chicken, it's extraordinary.  I had the Kofta Kabob (lamb), and it was tasty though not over-the-top amazing.  The lentil soup was good, perhaps a bit too much black pepper, but still really nice.  I give Pita Jungle a slightly better rating for its garlic dip, but it's still worth ordering here.   The mango juice (blended with ice) was delicious.  

The service was more than a bit lethargic, and one of our dishes came out about 10 minutes after the first one.  Realizing that, however, that late dish was comped (without our asking) by someone who I assume was the owner/manager, which was a nice response to the situation.  I assume they were having an off night, and it wouldn't prevent me from returning.   

In short, I recommend.
Along the Metro line in central Tempe, you come to this fairly small building with a hookah shop in the front (I kid you not), and a restaurant in the middle, & another hookah den or something in the back!  I dropped in (down, but hungry anyway) for the lunch buffet, & started with a delicious non-vegetarian lentil soup, kept nice & hot.

After the soup, the serving table is about half cold choices, ranging from common salad  & deli items such as potato salad, cole slaw, & so on, to tasty exotic treats.  There were good spreads too, for your bread, which is in a basket there by the soup, covered up with a green cloth napkin.  Over in the hot section, today, they had Lamb with Mologie, Yogurt Katfa (with lamb meatballs), Chicken Kafta, Chicken Stroganoff, & more.  On both sides of the serving table some items were labeled & some not.

The service here is friendly and the food is delicious & different (spectacular if you hit the hookah first!).  Either way, try it!

Lunch buffet:  $9.45
Always good food here.  And, you can take home several types of feta cheese, baklava, grape leaves, etc....
The lentil soup is one of my favorites (always choose soup) along with the halibut.
Overall I thought this was a pretty good place.  The prices were very cheap (about $8 got me appetizer, dinner, and a shared dessert) but the food didn't blow me away. The pita was pretty hard and the hummus was on the bland side for me. Great falafel, lentil soup (for sure choose the soup over the fries), and baklava though.
This place has been on my "to try" list for about 10 years, and after a Saturday afternoon game at Tempe Diablo, we finally swung by. 

The meal was delightful. We ordered a small hummus, the falafel plate, and the "istanbuli combo:" chicken, lamb, and kafka kabobs. Everything, including the lentil soup and salad, was fresh and loaded with flavor. The falafel might be the best I've ever had.

All for 23 bucks before tip--some serious bang for your buck. 

Service was very friendly. We will definitely be back.
I'll start off by saying I prefer Haji Baba's less than one mile away.

I went for lunch with a friend for the buffet.  I think $9.99 is pricey for the size and selection of the buffet.  I also determined that I am not a buffet person.  Having tiny bites of such a variety of foods caused me to feel sick the whole drvie home afterwards.  

The buffet does not have any hot vegetarian items.  Instead the kitchen will cook you 4 falafel and bring it out while you are eating all the cold items, soup and pita bread that is vegetarian.

I ordered the mango juice and it was expensive and just okay.  I much prefer a mango lassi at an Indian Restaurant.

This restaurant wasn't bad but I won't be going back.
We found this place due to its proximity from the light rail.

I'm a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, so I was thrilled to start our pub crawl off with some tasty food and hookah pipe action.

Because I planned on being out late, I thought I would indulge in a Turkish coffee....HOLY CRAP! It was HUGE.  I mean, seriously, it was like 4 regular Turkish coffees in one freakishly large cup. Didn't stop me from drinking it, but it was too strong for some of the others in our group.

We then had a sampling of various appetizer type dishes, and I was quite happy with all of them.  I would have liked it if a few of my friends would have been more adventurous, but hey, they found chicken on the menu and ate that.

After we ate, we smoked some hookah and watched hilarious Arabic tv.  Have no idea what was going on, but would have killed for subtitles.  I'd like to go back and check out the market for items I can't find at the regular grocery store, and I will be back again for more eats and hookah.
I love Middle Eastern food and am constantly in search for a place that can cook a meal as well as my Nana could. There are many great places nearby but this place was really great. We went there for the lunch buffet which was small and oh so authentic. We all loved it! 

The prices were great which made this place even better. There is also a nice little market and hookah to smoke if you're into it. 

Lastly, the location is great. While I love pita jungle, I say beat the lunch crowd and head over to this place. We sat down and ate a quick, delicious buffet lunch. You won't be disappointed.
This low-key cafe has excellent service with super friendly help and delicious food. The baba-ganouch and hummis were flavorful and plentiful. The lentil soup is absolutely the best ever. Go with the recommendations of the wait staff, they know what they are talking about. Yum :)
I used to eat here several years ago in their other location and when they first moved into the current location.  It was always good food, it just somehow fell off my Mediterranean food list with so many choices around the Tempe area.  But, I made sure to go recently and I was reminded why I enjoyed it so much before.  It also made me wonder why I haven't chosen it more often for this style of food.

They were doing a buffet but we could also still order off the menu.  I don't know if they do this often or if it was just a welcoming back to ASU type of thing but we chose to the buffet  to try some new dishes.  It was all very tasty.  Of course there was some pita and hummus and then some rice.  They had a stewed lamb dish and one that was stewed chicken.  Both were very flavorful.  THey also has a rice and chicken dish and a rice and lamb dish.  With all of the meets being bone-in, they really infused some great flavors.  

There was a custardy desert that the server said said was made with rosewater, it was very sweet.  I typically don't like custards for texture reasons so I am not one to judge their quality.  I just wanted to give everything available an honest try.  

I usually try to keep my portions under control and always leave a place with leftovers but this food was tasty enough for me to go back for 2nds.  With all the great Mediterranean food in close proximity it's hard to stand out, but this place is worthy of being in the rotation.
I am a huge fan of Cafe Istanbul and I will say it immediately so you know this may be a bias account. I buy all of my coals, shisha and most of my hookahs from here. Their extremely wide selection of Shisha brands - Starbuzz, Havana, Al Fakir, Layalina and more is the widest selection in Phoenix.

No I dont work for them. I just like this place alot.

Pros: Upstairs isolated comfy air-conditioned with couches Hookah smoking area..you can take the food from downstairs and bring it upstairs and smoke and eat. Totally legal and legit. 

The amazing selection of shisha, hookahs and hookah products is one thing BUT the menu is really special. I absolutely adore shwarma (lamb) and it is really hard to find it skewered right off with pickles, tomatoes..its all kinds of yummy goodness.

The lamb is great..they also have a lunch and dinner selection..so like lamb in pita for lunch but a lamb plate with rice and extras for dinner. same lamb just more of it. 

So food is awesome, hookah is awesome..so why only 4 stars when Im a groupie?

Con: Sometimes due to ASU student changes their service can be a bit temperamental. new staff dont know how to do things and in the winter or summer it can be annoying especially being a regular. When my favorite waiter leaves to go home to Indiana and the new person takes over...well I dont feel all that special right then.  But thankfully the more I go then they know me and its all good.

Also even though the menu is really fantabulous..it is not the best pita place in the entire world..it has other focuses besides pita..hence pita jungle across the street is probably better at pita's but they dont have hookahs..this place mixes original food with a fun hookah experience.
I haven't tried all their dishes yet, but usually when I like something, I tend to stick to it.  Their hummus is uhmazing!  Perfectly seasoned, I order this every time.  Their chicken kabob, whether in plate or sandwich form, is juicy and delicious.  I love their simple lentil soup too!  I don't care for their kefta kabob.  I usually love their rice, but the last time I went there, they were serving a yellow colored rice, but before it was just white.  :(    Other than that, it is decently priced for a quick lunch or casual dinner!  I looove middle eastern food, and only eat here, Byblos, and Middle Eastern Bakery Deli.  Mmmmmm!
This all around one of my absolute favorite places to go whenever I have the energy to make it out there.  It's not far from where I live, but you have to understand, I'm incredibly lazy.  If I can get away with it, I'll pick up the remote control with my foot so that I don't have to sit up.

If you can, make it for lunch.  Their lunch menu is, I wouldn't say "cheaper," but... you know, it's pretty damn cheap.  Ah, le mot juste!  

Their hummus is damn good, I loved the shit out of their lamb's tongue when I had it and they serve good, strong, kick-you-in-the-ass Turkish coffee.  I asked the lady who works there what a great dessert was and she steered me toward this stuff that was like baklava but it had custard in it.  Holy shit, it was incredible.
The chicken shawarma is stellar. I get it to go at least once a month, substituting veggies for the rice. Slightly pricey, but you get a lot of food and it's very consistent.
Love this place! Food is on par every time we go. We love the cheese baklava, but they never have it anymore due to the semi-ok pastries they now make. The service is not bad and everyone there is always so nice. 

We often go to Hookah, which is always fun! I just hate that they automatically add 15% gratuity to every bowl smoked. It wouldn't be a problem if their hookah servers we good every time instead of some of the time.

All n' All I enjoy going here with my fiance and friends to hang out and have a good time!
I've only been here once so far, and when I did go, I got the falafel, which as I understand it is the "safe" choice. My boyfriend went for the lamb's tongue. Yeahhh, I grew up in Maine, and this country girl is going to need a bit more time acclimating to the big city before she will put another animal's tongue in her mouth. I'm good with "safe."

Regardless, the falafel was delicious. Best falafel I've ever had. Every other place I've had it has been kinda hard and dry, but at Cafe Istanbul, it was moist all the way through and very tasty. My boyfriend reports that his tongue was delicious as well, but I'll just take his word on that.

I'll definitely be visiting this restaurant again, especially since it's so close by, I'd be stupid not to. Maybe I'll work my way up to the tongue. The service was efficient, and not much more than that, but I'll take efficiency over friendly ineptitude. The cafe itself is pretty cozy inside and overall it's a pleasant dining experience.
Very good food ~ always consistent ~ good buffet at lunch ~ not cheap but very freshly prepared with great care. Clean facility with friendly staff. Owners usually on site ~ lots of pride of ownership. 

May the owner continue to experience abundance. Blessings :) KC
I visited Cafe Istanbul for dinner on a Wednesday evening. The weather was nice so we sat out on the patio. Just a view of the parking lot, but outside is good weather is always better in my opinion and the metal chairs were comfortable enough with cushions. 

Friend and I ordered and shared a variety of appetizers and they were all very tasty. I had moujadara, lubieh bezeyt, garlic dip, Haloumi cheese pie, and fresh mozzarella with tomato (sort of a middle eastern caprese salad). The spicing on the lubieh was excellent. The garlic dip was pungent...just the way I like it. My friend had the chicken shawarma with rice pilaf and salad. The rice was flavorful and she said the shawarma was excellent. 

Service was spotty but not terrible. Portion size was decent, pita bread was fresh and warm, Turkish coffee was well done. I love middle eastern food (must have been Lebanese in a former life)  and this is the best place I have tried in a while. All in all I can't wait to go back and try a few more things like hummus and falafel and babaganouj.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =

I've been enjoying this place from time to time for a year & a half now since the last review, & I'm pleased to report that it's still excellent!  Mike C. & I stopped in for the lunch buffet today & although the courses served vary from one visit to the next, it's always a fun place to enjoy a Middle Eastern buffet lunch, & it's one of only four such buffets in the Valley.  Princess Mediterranean Market (Friday only) & Saba's in Carefree (Sunday only) are excellent too!

A couple of today's treats here were delicious fresh pitas, completely covered with sesame seeds, to fill with your choices of three flavors of hummus, & lasagne made with cream sauce & lamb.

Lunch Buffet is served Monday through Friday 11-3 & the price has increased a little, to $9.95...  It's worth it!     :-))
Yay I am a fan of Cafe Istanbul. The food here is quite different then any of your typical buffets but it is also very tasty..They did have meatloaf that was real good and not quite middle eastern as well as lasagna made with lamb and cream sauce {not Italian} . I am not a big salad eater {rabbit food} but here the salad stuff is 5 stars. So for a great change in buffets I recommend Cafe Istanbul.
.
I have been at this place for its fine hookah smoking and its fine Middle Eastern food. Ate the garlic dip hummus with the warm pita, very tasty indeed.  I have tasted the chicken schwarma sandwich, again another tasty delight on the menu. Oh, and for the hookah, delicious arrays of aromas, my favorite is the sweet melon but I urge you to try the pumpkin pie. The coals were lovingly tended to and the woman who was tending was very thoughtful and made sure all my smoking and eating needs were always tended to. The shisha never got harsh and as a result I had a fun relaxing time. Definitely a high recommendation. About the only negative is the lack of a wi-fi but since I'm always prepared for this, it wasn't that big of a deal for me, at least not enough to not recommend this place to others.
My favorite Mediterranean food so far in Phoenix. Food made by a real cook and very tasty. If you like pita jungle for it's Mediterranean at all, this place will really beat it.
I have only checked out this place for the lunch buffet which is delicious.  The warm bread was the best part of the meal.  I will have to order something off the menu next time.  I bought some Hookah supplies as well so +1 for combining 2 trips :)
I have not tried everything on their menu.  The grilled lemon chicken is amazing, and some of their deserts (pastries) are amazing.  

My problem is with the service.  A couple of times I have been charged the wrong price, other times "lunch" prices seem to end at 3, while other times it ends at 4, and the lady (maybe the owner) is not very friendly.  When I have been charged dinner price at 3PM (instead of 4) or been charged incorrectly, it has been by the owner lady.  

I am a regular here because the food is great, and the servers are friendly, but the owner lady doesn't offer the best customer service or fair pricing.
*DISCLAIMER*: I will be rating this establishment for Hookah only and as such you should know that my comments reflect that.

For Hookah, honestly this is the best place in the Arab Quarter (the stretch of Arab restaurants and establishments stretching down most of Apache and the surrounding area). I have tried nearly all the other places (hubbly bubbly, Harem Nights, King Tuts) and compared to all of them I can sincerely say that Cafe Istanbul is the best among them.

Reasons:

Hookah: Wide variety of flavors both Starbuzz and Al-Fakher (important for those who are tobacco purists wishing for either the straight UAE brand or the more hip sugarier flavors) and they will mix whatever you ask. They use natural coals (not the instalights) which allows for a "smoother" smoke as it were. They also carry much more in stock in terms of their brand.

Staff: Generally speaking, very polite and very helpful, they will turn your coals as often as possible and accommodate a lot of requests. One simply need to follow the rules of common sense and be equally respectful.

Ambience: Now this part is  particularly personal, but I have likened the ambience to being similar to that of Jabba's Palace or the Cantina from Star Wars, which to say the least, is amusing by far. Generally comfortable seats and couches, but I prefer the more quiet ambience of the outside balcony; in either case, you're bound for some great people watching, especially on wilder nights as they cater to a lot of the local arab community. Definitely not a "Club" hookah scene which definitely makes it feel smaller and more of a nicer atmosphere.
I have never really enjoyed Cafe Istanbul. From the attitude from the staff (catch them on a bad day and they're downright rude) to how insanely difficult it can be to even get new coals, I'd just rather go somewhere else with my friends.
Great shisha and other items...friendly service; will definitely be trying the food soon. Gyros, baked lamb- sounds amazing.
In the interest of full disclosure the only thing I every really go here for is the lunch buffet but wow, what a great buffet! I believe the buffet itself is about $10 and for that you get a wide range of vegetarian items and as with other items on the buffet most of those get changed out over time so you get a rotation of various dishes as you come back. They also have hummus and baba ghanoush (like hummus but made with eggplant instead of chickpeas). There is generally at least one dish with red meat (today it was a tomato based stew with eggplant and either beef or lamb) and usually two dishes with chicken.

I generally get iced tea to go with the meal and one thing to note, they do not serve alcohol so if you want to go someplace where you can also have a drink or two, this would not be a good place to go but if you just want a place with really good Middle Eastern food (the owners told me it is really Lebanese cooking but I'm going to just generalize and say for most of us, when you try it, you will think Middle Eastern). Of course, you can walk a block or two to 4 peaks brewery, in the same area, and have a drink or two before or after you your meal. 

One really nice thing about this place it is right off the Apache stop on the light rail and right across the road (same side of the street) is Pita Jungle so a wide range of good food options right off that light rail stop.

Bottom line, I've never had anyone I've taken here NOT like it and everyone who has gone has wanted to go back again. I like it for lunch during the workday because it is quick and you have a wide variety of regularly changed out tasty food options, so I recommend you give it a try if you have the time. :-)
Disappointed! I must have caught this place on an off day, I am willing to try it again maybe at the hookah lounge during the evening. The falafel pita was good and the my dining partner enjoyed the gyro. We had ordered the garlic dip to start and we were immensely disappointed. It literally tasted like garlic mayonnaise. While I know some garlic dip is made this way, I was a expecting fresh, lemony potato or bread based garlic dip. Needless to say we hardly touched it, I wish they would have specified this in the menu so that I would have saved my money for the hummus.
After a long day of busting my ass I wanted to find a place where I can unwind by indulging my taste buds. I have a few spots near Tempe that are trustworthy when it comes to fulfilling my desires, but its always better to expand your circle of friends. I decided to do just that.

Mexican food, pizza, burgers are all great, but sometimes you just want something that's not run of the mill. I wanted gyros, but like I said I wanted to try something new because I've been to Haji Baba far too many times and Phoenicia is a bit too pricey for me.

A gyro sandwich plus fries for $5.99 sounded like a really good deal...except that the gyro was very sub par. I was expecting something that was sliced fresh off the rotisserie, and instead got what seemed to be frozen meat cooked on a grill. If I wanted that stuff, I could have made it at home. Thanks for the offer, but I don't think I will be coming here again.

The food wasn't completely inedible, and the service was certainly pretty good. That's probably the only reason I gave it a 2 star rating. I'm not into hookah, and I don't mind the smell, but it didn't add to the experience. Although, if for some ridiculous reason I did want to smoke hookah, this place seemed pretty cool because it looks like they are the hookah kings of Tempe, never seen that many hookahs in my life.

I don't think I will be returning here. Probably better off trying Haji Baba or Phoenica.
I don't think they should be calling this place Istanbul Cafe, there is nothing Turkish about it! The name is so deceiving...
Pretty good but over loaded with garlic.  Nice atmosphere and friendly family operated business.  5 year customer.
AWESOME and inexpensive.  Don't let the humble restaurant side fool you, the food is first rate and staff very friendly.
Good decent turkish style kebab and shawerma joint.  The service was ok, they have a decent sized dining room but its kind of dingy inside and needs a facelift. I prefer the outdoor dining area, its more appealing. Parking is plentiful and there's a middle eastern grocery store next door which is convenient.
Best Chicken Shawarma EVAR!!

And their lemonade is crack. I'm pretty sure there is not actual crack used in the making of the lemonade, but it's addictive as all get out. 

So, I used to go to Arizona every year in the spring for work. And I'd go to Cafe Istanbul a few times during my stay. I did this for seven or so years. 
I've been gone for six, but when I came back this year and walked in there, the owner recognized me right away, welcomed me back, and made our dinner feel very homey. 
The food is every bit as good as I remember. Everything I've ever had there has been fan-freakin-tastic. 

I think I secretly travel to AZ just to have their chicken shawarma. It's totally worth the 1800 mile trip for me.
I love cafe istanbul! They have a really good variety of sheesha and everything you need for your at home hookah needs. The guy who works in the hookah store is really nice and is very knowledgeable about hookah. He is very generous as well. 

Their food is really good also. There isn't an extensive list of choices but their schwarmas are awesome. I personally like the chicken and for about 6 bucks for a good sized schwarma and fries you can't go wrong.

Their hookah lounge is upstairs and you enter from the parking lot. They have good choices and are also very nice. They were doing deals that women got free hookah on tuesdays (not sure if this is still going on). All you have to do is bring a girl with youand on a tuesday and bam! Let the awesome deals begin!
Nom Nom Nom!

A few of my girlfriends and I got a case of the tummy grumbles last Thursday night and decided to hop in the car with no destination in mind. 

I had a bunch of indecisive girls in my car, so what did I do? Took charge and hoped onto Yelp. We found Cafe Instanbul nearby and all agreed to try it!

I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while, and I'm so glad we finally ventured over because it is as good as it gets. Hummus? Yes, please. Pita bread? Homemade, served fresh and hot! My friend and I split the Veggie Combo and we both loved it.

After dinner, we made our way upstairs to the hookah lounge. The restaurant closed at 10 but the hookah lounge stays open until 12 or 1am, not really sure. 

The place was pretty busy, but we found seating and got a couple hookahs and relaxed for a while. 

The price is right. The food is fantastic. The service was great. I'll be back for sure.
Cafe Istanbul is a place that you need to familiarize yourself with before you can appreciate it.  It is popular for its lunch buffet (which, we found out yesterday, is temporarily closed), which always has a wide selection of salads, sides, meats, and other entrees.  If you want to try a little bit of everything, the buffet is a good option.

Where Cafe Istanbul really excels, however, is their menu.  Sometimes it takes discipline to order off a menu when you have a buffet in front of you, but it actually might save you a little cash, and you have choices that are simply not available on the buffet.

Lamb tongue sandwich?  Yes, please... Theirs is a little better than Haji Baba's lamb tongue sandwich.  Baked lamb over seasoned rice?  Incredible.  Humus, babaganouj, ma'anek (delicous lamb sausage) on the appetizers menu... all winners.

And sometimes I go here just so I can have that delicious soup (make sure you put some sriracha in it).

Fair warning: on some days, the service can be really bad.  Sometimes bad enough that, despite the great food, it is enough to discourage me from going there.  But it's a little easier if you go into it with that expectation.  This is a more recent problem, so hopefully they get that worked out... The people who run the place actually seem really nice, though.
The service was not good. Four people in the store and we stood there for 10 minutes until I The website is out of date with prices and portions
love it!!
I love their babaganoosh and the rice...oh amazing rice!! 
it's great that they care enough to serve the vegetarians like me some Falafels. Service is friendly, food is good. go there, you won't be disappointed!
Greatl place to have a hookah But do not come if ur trying to enjoy sunday night football with a hookah. Who doesnt have  NBC...I thought that was a basic cable channel???
Awesome place! It's one of the only hookah lounges that opens before 4pm. Great staff! Also check out this www.the-shisha.com!
Great middle-east style kababs and very reasonably priced. There is hooka service in an outside patio.
This is one of the best places out there. There food is amazing! I would recommend this place to anyone!
Had the $9.99 lunch buffet which includes iced tea, soda, whatever.  Buffet had at least 3 salads plus usual leafy greens, pitas (which were not as warm and pliable as I would like - only false note), tiny little meat pies, rice, kofta meatballs with potatoes in a sauce, lamb and green peas in another sauce, chicken-mushroom-red peppers in another sauce, chicken-eggplant in the yummiest sauce, another ground meat-rice casserole that I skipped and fish in a lemon-tinged tomato sauce.  Fish was supposed to be grouper which seems a bit expensive for this kind of buffet, but it wasn't catfish/tilapia or the other usual suspects but thick and meaty and altogether yummy.  Every dish had a distinctive flavor.  Hubby and I both ate way too much.  Dessert was "hunny pudding" which seemed to be the usual smooth rice-based pudding with ground pistachios and orange blossom water flavoring--what's not to like there?  Can't comment too much on the service because it was a buffet but it was friendly including table visit from chef/owner.  Can't believe I've never been there before.  Definitely will put this on my when-in-Tempe list.  More interesting than Pita Jungle.
Love.
This place was not good. I dont understand how it has so many good reviews.  I had the veggie platter/combo that comes with all the dips like hummus, tabbouli, etc plus some falafel an dolmades.   The pita was not good - just the flat cheap they buy.  I miss the doughy round pita freshly baked in brick ovens. My fiance's mousaka was disgusting, served almost like a soup.
Amazing as always!!!!!
Great food, great location and the the waiter was very friendly and nice. I loved the food. and I was full with the combo platter.
Shwarmas, man.  Do it.  Then wash it down with strawberry juice.  Ohh and the hookahs are fun.  The staff is friendly and service is quick.  I feel like Haji Baba is more popular, but I don't know why because place is sooooo much more delish.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

After their summer break, Cafe Istanbul has reinstituted their delicious Middle Eastern Lunch Buffet, so I darted over here today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.

This excellent feast included lots of cold salad & other items, Lentil Soup, & a number of other hot dishes including two of beef, two of lamb, and one of chicken.  It was all very good!

"So where's Star #5?" you ask.  ...Glad you asked that!     :-)

*  There was no soap in the men's room (until I asked) & some of the food items weren't labeled.

With that said, this is an excellent lunch buffet & I'm eager to return as they do vary the selections some from day to day.  Also, the service is friendly and the price hasn't increased since my last Update 2 years & 5 months ago!     :-))
kabobs were good and tabouli was good hummus was ok. Good environment could be better if there wasnt hooka smoke inside... WOuld go back for sure
Overall the wife and I had a good experience here. We ordered the baked lamb entree and the istanbuli combo (lamb kebob, chicken kebob, and beef kebob). The lamb dish was super good. Craving it now thinking about it! 

The istanbuli combo, however, wasn't as pleasing. The chicken and beef kabobs came out burnt - Completely! To the point of inedible - dried out and charcoaled. However the waitress was able to replace the burnt kebobs and got us some freshly cooked chicken. Nicely recovered. But lost a star for even presenting burnt food in the first place. 

The baklava was again a saving grace. It was so delicious! It was freshly made that day so we lucked out. So so good!! They also have free wifi and hookah - didn't try the hookah yet. I definitely would recommend this place. 

-- keep eatin'
I went here for dinner with my girlfriend and her mom,  the food was amazing, and the service was excellent. I only wish our server had told us his name so I can properly thank him. After dinner we enjoyed some hookah. They have endless flavors. It was brought quickly and was prepared with care. It was a wonderful experience. Even though it was slow the server was polite and made the experience top notch.
I used to work here. It is the worst priced/managed hookah lounge I have ever been to. Do you know their employees make 4.75 plus tips? So usually they make less than minimum wage??? The hookahs haven't been changed in years, the management won't change them, this place isn't going anywhere.
I had heard that this place has the best falafel in the valley, so, naturally, I had to check it out. I had recently discovered The Greeks Grill and their amazing falafel, and I had to see if this place could one-up them. 

I was beyond excited for the falafel, but when I walked in, I already knew I was in for a letdown. The service was bad from the start; curt, unhelpful, disinterested. We ordered the baba ganoush, which was alright. Nothing special, but we were hungry. The falafel came and I eagerly took a bite, only to have to force the bite down with water. The falafel was bland and not well prepared (resemblant of mush), and they overcompensated with the hummus and pickles to try to make up for the flavor. 

Now, I'm sure they prepare some of their food well, given the amount of positive reviews they have from other Yelpers, but I will never be heading back there.

Needless to say, we left and got some yummy food to cleanse our taste buds. Definitely sticking with The Greeks Grill for all further falafel excursions.
This is a cool little spot in Tempe that offers seemingly authentic Mediterranean food at very reasonable prices. They offer hookah as well. 

You can choose to dine in their dimly lit cafe or take your order to go. Either way, $5.99 for a schwarma is a bargain, the staff is kind, and they even threw some fries into my to-go box without asking at no extra charge.

I'm completely satisfied and see no reason to complain.
One of the few places outside of my house that you can get good food and hookah in one setting. They offer a buffet (which I have never tried), hookah, dine-in, take out, a small deli, a hookah shop to get your personal supplies and outdoor seating with misters for summertime comfort (if you can get that in Phoenix!). They also have a hookah lounge that is open later than the restaurant upstairs.

I am a regular customer and Olga, Mike and Ronda are always very nice and helpful. Since I cook Middle Eastern food at home, I tend to pay extra attention to restaurants offering similar foods. Their hummus, babaghanoush and falafel are ok. I can eat the hummus and not complain or turn it away, but my friends keep telling me that it is not as good as mine. The falafel (when I had it) was bland, but cooked perfectly. I like the falafel at Haji Baba's better.

Their chicken shwarma has always been stellar. I love it. My friends love the gyro meat there. I've never had over-cooked or under-cooked meat here. The flavors make your taste buds cheer. Their Turkish coffee is always delicious and made to my taste.  I have a new favorite recently: Fattoush with chicken. Yummmmm. A little heavy on the dressing usually, but still yummy.

Their hookah service is usually wonderful. Coals are always refreshed, but I noticed if a customer isn't quite familiar with hookah maintenance, they don't turn the coals for them.

Sometimes, the service is slow there, but since I know it isn't the case on a regular basis, I let it slide. There hasn't been anything that screamed "Don't come back here!" and I find myself meeting friends there all the time. Great hangout and chill place.
WOW! The food was great! the only problem with this place is that it is dirty!!! so if you do not mind that and love food... then this is the place to be.. The chicken Shawarma(not the sandwich) was delicious... and there lamb is exceptional!!!!! The place is always full of hungry Somalians and Ethiopians... and that my friends is a sign that should tell you that this place has yummy food!!!!
Juba Red Sea & Mediterranean Cuisine is a truly amazing place. 

You just have to get past the location which is a bit daunting located in a very crowded strip center with many African and Somali shops. Plus more than half the cars parked in the lot were taxicabs. I went after work to meet some friends as we had heard a lot about this place as it serves goat! 

We enjoyed some good hummus and pitas as we waited to order. We were disappointed to discover that they only serve goat at lunch time and usually run out by 2-3pm so you have to reserve it for dinner. Oh, well another time. They were also out of the Somali iced tea which I had wanted to try. So water was fine. We ordered an order a couple orders of Sanbusas, which are a deep fried pastries filled with ground beef and Somali spices, kind of like an Indian samosas. Comes with two but are large to share and more than enough for 3-4 people. 

We ordered Chicken Sukhaar which is served with basmati rice that has been flavored with cardamom and cinnamon, and other spices I can't name. Mixed Kabob plate which of the three the chicken kabob was the best. We also ordered the loin of lamb which was excellent, fish which was OK and the best dish was the meat and naan dish which I'm not even sure of it's name. But it was this wonderful marinated beef (maybe called Beef Sukhaar) which was chopped up with onions, tomatoes and spices with strips of naan that I thought were noodles topped up with this wonderful sour cream sauce. It was amazing. We also got the naan sandwich which had the same meeting fillings wrapped in naan like a wrap. Delish! 

Best of all they had this spicy green sauce sitting on the table that we put on everything. We ordered way too much food - each dish would feed 2-3 people and we ordered 8 dishes for 8 people! So we all took take home boxes to eat the next day. Plus with tip and tax it was $13 per person! A truly amazing deal. 

So give this place a try as it's worth the time it takes to find a parking spot.
The only reason we ended up here was because Sonic wasn't open on Christmas Day.  We spotted a bunch of African cabbies in a parking lot so we parked and explored our options.  Most went into Juba so we did too.

The place was a big dingy so we opted for takeout.  Greek salad, falafels, king fish, Lamb shank, Mediterranean appetizers. But the owner came to the market to find us and tell us they didn't have any more falafels. We changed to Lamb kabob and chicken kabobs.

Everything came with fresh lettuce and tomatoes. The best was the rice which was seasoned with cardamom and raisins and other spices.  The worst was the hummus and falafel in the appetizer plate.  I ate a chicken kabob in pita which was quite good.  The meat was still juicy and the dressing was just right.

I would order everything except the appetizer plate.
We had plans to check out Juba after a baseball game, had purchased a restaurant.com certificate. On the certificate the street address was listed incorrectly so I had called in to double check. I could not really understand what the man on the line was saying and he did not come off very friendly but my boyfriend insisted we try it out.
We finally found the restaurant tucked in a strip mall of various other Somalia stores and Subway.

This place is a total hole in the wall and if you can get past the weird odor - the food isn't half bad. As others have mentioned, it is also dirty - and it is...

We did not try anything too crazy off the menu (such as goat) but we ordered their sanbusa, gyro sandwich and gyro salad. They used plenty of greens and veggies in the salad and the sanbusa's were delicious. 
Service was SLOW and at times other patrons would come in and they would all speak so loudly it was easy to be distracted or have your attention drawn to them.

It is something I could say I tried, not sure I would go back but definitely worth checking out once. Plus their prices are so cheap, we couldn't/didn't even use the restaurant.com certificate.
The iced tea is the best I've ever had. It has little clove flowers floating in it. I had the lamb shank on my first visit. It was very tender (but it was too fatty for me), the rice was "eh".

I came back a second time for the iced tea, of course. The service was exceptionally slow. We waited about 40 minutes for the waitress to come back for refills, even though it wasn't busy in the slightest. However, she was  very sweet.

Round two I had the #13, the Ethiopian something (see attached photo). It had eggs, and beef, and spinach and red sauce all on a spongy bread. It covered the entire plate and the leftovers will feed me for another two days.

As people mentioned before the place was kind of dirty and there were lots of loud cab drivers, but neither one of those things seemed to particularly bother me.
If it weren't for the tea this place would probaby have gotten 2 stars.  Kinda dirty, just ok food...  Although maybe something not as safe as the chicken and my experience may have been totally different.  We will probably never know though.
When we pulled into the parking lot, I got really excited.  The menu got me even more excited.  Eating here took me back to my time in Kenya and Tanzania, goat meat, ugali, chipatis, heavenly!  The food was really good, although be ready to share, the portions are huge.  We had the hummus platter, goat meat, Ugali, Samosas and other items that I'm forgetting at the moment.  The service was great, people were friendly and we had a great time.  Looking forward to going back.
I was looking for Tariq's and found Juba's (with recommendation of Somali taxi driver in parking lot).  I did not find it to be dirty, but it was a bit basic in decor.  However, the food is that north African stuff that I love, and the people were very friendly.  And yes, for dinner, they were out of goat meat.  I'll go back for lunch, and get it next time.
It's a strip mall hole in the wall and the place was pretty run down, but the food was tasty.  Haven't had too much African food (just Ethiopian) before, so this was a fun new experience. Had the lamb shank with chipati flat bread. Very tender. There's this spicy sauce they keep on the tables in yellow mustard squirt bottles. Don't know what was in it, but it was really good on my lamb. Also, had samosas and tried my boyfriend's chicken dish mixed with flat bread strips. Forgot the name. Those were both really good. The samosas weren't like Indian samosas. Reminded me of Filipino beef empanadas with a flakier crust. The ice tea was really good. It was like a mix of chai and hibiscus tea. Maybe a bit to sweet, but I wish I took it to go because it was almost addicting. Yum.
Juba is a great restaurant! This is the kind of place where if the food is good (which it is) you look past the decor and the dirt - I've eaten here at least 5 times and never gotten sick. There are other restaurants likes this - Da Vang, other ethnic places. Just don't use the bathroom.

We (husband & I) first went here on a restaurant.com coupon. We ordered a few different things and tried to get up to the coupon price, but couldn't because they are so cheap. Their iced tea is amazing - anise stars in the iced tea - I never would have thought that would be good. We loved the Sukhaar - the taste being kind of southwestern (to give you an idea). We ordered chapati with the meal instead of rice (love chapati!) and they took $2 off the bill for each order! On another visit, we had the rice and it was really good. When we go now, one orders chapati and the other rice, and we share - or we get an extra order of chapati, because we love it! 

The staff is friendly, helpful when you ask questions. Being open minded helps.  Paying at the counter will save you lots of time.
Strip mall, taxi cab armada parked out front, not knowing exactly what your getting into. That is fine dining hole in the wall style. 

Basically that sums up of the reviews of Juba on Yelp. But I wanted to throw in my two cents because I now have a new favorite place to eat near my new apartment. While I never tried to ice tea, I was glad that I read up on this place on Yelp before going just so that I dont come off as a Sudanese restaurant noob. Since I knew not to ask for lamb at dinner (since they run out around 3) and that they will be out of your first pick so have a second one lined up when your order. All of which happened when I went to Juba. 

I went with the exotic sounding "Number 10" which turned out to look like Sudanese hamburger helper but tasted nothing like that crap in the box with the talking oven mitt. Huge portion of "rice pasta" (still not sure if misprint or what) covered in a delicious red sauce with chicken and vegetables. Oh and it was served in a Texas sized portion so I had plenty for leftovers. My dad had the lamb shank. Which was tasty but a little too fatty for this fat kid. But the rice and the bread were amazing and the owner who was hilarious. When asked if he took credit cards he said (and I quote) "Of course I do, this is America!!!" (image a small Sudanese man channeling his inner Broadway diva with a smile to boot). And it was cheap like wicked cheap. Plus when we went there was a soccer game (I mean, football match). And the place was filled with Newcastle fans from Sudan. Which was just great hearing trash talk in a language you don't hear often. I am guessing they were Newcastle fans since that is the only word I understood. Though since I don't know Arabic, Newcastle could mean something incredibly dirty that one should not say to a loved one. So take your pick. 

Anyway, go to Juba. Try the food and enjoy because not many places in America have a local "Sudanese place". So you better feel lucky that you do, Phoenix.
I  worked with Africans in KC and ate a lot of their great food.  This is the best.  I LOVED it.  Tastey and worth the trip from Ahwatukee.  Seriously, if you want great taste go for it.  It doesn't get any better from Africa.
There are some restaurants that are almost a substitute for traveling to another country, and Juba is definitely one of those.  It's located in a rather shady looking strip mall (it's next door to Friction Massage, for example) in what is apparently the Somali neighborhood of Phoenix. We spent a bit over an hour eating lunch and we were the only people eating in the restaurant who weren't cab drivers (at least 10 ate while we were there).  Also, as my wife pointed out, she was the only women we saw in the area not wearing a burka or headscarf. 

There's no atmosphere to speak of, and a TV played Somali news the whole time (the cab drivers were all glued to it).  Service was good and our waitress was friendly and helpful, even bringing us a sample of one of the dishes when we asked her what it was. 

The menu is a mix of Somali, Ethiopian, and typical Mediterranean food.  We got both Somali and Mediterranean dishes and everything tasted good. I got the goat in the spirit of experimentation.  It's definitely not my favorite but that's saying more about the nature of goat than it is about the food here. The sample our waitress brought was of some sort of polenta-like dish that was really tasty and interesting.  I honestly can't remember what our other dishes were called but everything was solid. 

One stand out was the spiced iced tea, which everyone should get. It's one of the most unusually, intensely flavored and delicious drinks I've ever tried. 

Overall, I would say 3-4 stars for the food (5 for the tea), 2 for atmosphere, 5 for service, and 5 for the cultural experience.
Gotta try the goat!! This place is as authentic as it gets! If you like Legit cultural foods this place is for you!! I literally felt like I was in a different country inside...I would recommend take out seeing as it's not nicely decorated or anything but the goat is amazing!!! And I love places where they tell you "what they have available today" super cool and a great overall experience!!
It wasn't for me. I generally like middle eastern food.  I got the sampler to go ; babaganesh, falafel, taheni, humus with pita. Everything was very bland. The pita and falafel were chewy. I ended up throwing most of it out.
This is a dive located in a strip mall. 

There were two of us, so we decided to split the "Healthy Eater" (two chicken dishes with two vegetable dishes). It came with injera. We ordered cabbage and mushrooms as our veggie dishes. 

Injera was good, nothing special. The chicken was very dry. The waiter said they were out of three popular items (lamb shank, a chicken dish and a beef dish). 

We received the cabbage, but our mushrooms did not arrive. Instead, we were given a different veggie dish which was so-so. I asked if he could bring us the mushrooms. Instead, he brought the check which was discounted. I think there was a language miscommunication. Oh well. Food was ok. I probably won't eat here again, unfortunately.
How this place gets any more than one star is beyond me. 

The first concern is the appetizers (falafel, hummus, baba ghanousj) are the furthest thing from Ethiopian.  If I wanted Middle Eastern food I would go to Pita Jungle. 

The main courses are like "pseudo-Ethiopian".  The meal descriptions are like written in a way you'd trick a child into eating something a little weird.  And no "doro wat" on the menu !  That's like a Thai restaurant not having "Pad Thai". The main dish Americans eat. 

The food. Bland and boring. 

Don't bother going.
Dont let the location fool you about the food, located in a small shopping area. The customer service was great, the guy who took my order was patient with me since I had questions about the different food. He gave me some some small samples without me asking for some. The best part was I got a banana with my meal. I wanted goat meat but since they were out I had lamb, rice, salad, samosa, and a banana. I gave it 4 stars because of the location.
Awesome food.  The building is dated and so is much of the atmospher, but it is all made up with great service and incredible food.
Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.
I liked that as soon as we walk in there, we hear all the employees yelling at each other in their native tongue (Israeli?). 

The falafel was good. But I don't get how people say its supposed to be healthy. Yeah, its just a wad of veggies, but its deep fried, man. Anyways, it was tasty. I got a falafel salad plate. The salad was like typical mediterranean salad (cucumbers, tomato, whatever), but the iceberg lettuce was kinda wilted in the middle of the day. The dressing was good, though. 

Even though people were yelling at each other, I'm sure it was with the lovingest of words. The joint seemed to be run by a family. And I like that.
Coming from NY, I was skeptical to find someplace, anyplace, that had at least half as decent ethnic food as back in NYC.  Someone told me about this place, and I decided to go check it out. 
 
It is a Kosher Mediterrannean restaurant.  They are observant, hence the seperate sinks for washing your hands before you eat.  It is not required, but one should be courteous.  Nuff said.

The food.  I was impressed.  The falafel was pretty good.  (Nothing will top Mamouns in NYC in my opinion, but this ran a very close second).  The schwarma was deleicious.  Warm, juicy, and fresh.  Just go ahead and get it with all the toppings.  You won't regret it.

Bourekas were ok, again, not the greatest, but I think that was because I was set on having the mushroom ones and all they had left was sesame (it was about 8:30 on a saturday, I believe they close at 9).  

All and all, it was good.  I would definitely go back.  I'm glad to see food like this showing up in the Valley.  Definitely makes me a little less homesick, for sure.
Excellent falafel. 
Very good shwarma.
Decent hummus.
Pita is so-so.
They have an awesome hotsauce.

The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the steak kabab though it's also the most expensive.

Observes sabbath and Jewish holidays.
Really terrific falafel, hummus, shawarma and kabobs!  If you like spicy, definitely try the hot sauce.  It's homemade and has a great flavor.

The owner is really friendly and accomodating.  All of the people who work there are great.

I have never seen anyone use the sink in the dining room.  I thought it was decorative!  Oh well, we usually get our food to go anyway.

I have to keep reminding myself that this place closes early on Friday (3pm, I think) and is not open on Saturdays.
Hands down the best falafel I've had in Vegas!!  That's not saying much cuz the 6 other places I've tried it were all below par.  Then again, I too have been spoiled by Mamoun's in NYC for so long.  

AND they have shawarma on a spit!!  Not some chopped up lamb they put in a pan and call shawarma.  Its the real deal, baby!!  The pita tasted like it was freshly baked. Not 100% sure on that though.

My only gripe are the prices.  $11 for a falafel and hommus plate seems a bit much but when they're the best one around my area I guess I'll suck it up every once in a while.  I plan on getting the shawarma salad the next time I go.
Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.  So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.

A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.  We're open to try just about anything.  Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.  Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.  We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.  After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.  

At least, we think we did.  We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.  My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.  Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.  We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.  We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.  The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.  No such luck.  

After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).  We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.

Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.  This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the services/food that they offer.
No doubt the BEST falafel in Vegas!

Not sure why some of you out there are haters, but maybe you should try it again.  Everyone I have even taken there has been really satisfied with their meal.

This place has phenomenal falafel, truly the BEST I have ever had (by the way, I am not from Vegas but moved here for a short 1 year stint from LA... so I have had plenty of falafel in my time)...

Its Kosher, so no milk products of any kind, but some cool Israeli soda drinks available and the made-to-order falafel is awesome, hummus heavenly and pita is really, really light and delish!!  The hotsauce is some heavely spicy green thing that is on fire, the extras on the sandwich are great!  Shawarma - YUMMY.  Hummus - mmmm, mmmm good!

OK - I am not Kosher (with a name like Kristin, hard to believe, I know) but I think this place is awesome.  Almost makes me want to be Kosher, so I could justify eating here daily...  

Super fresh food, clean, quick.  The guys behind the counter a friendly.  Big ups for this place.

Only draw back, closed Saturdays (which is when I tend to have my falafel cravings) and all Jewish holidays...
I had a pretty strange experience at Sababa.  A friend and I arrived around 2pm, so it was after the lunch crowd was gone.  There was one woman eating on a table and there was just one guy running the place (at least that was visible) and he was in front of the counter.

He was a nice guy and gave us each a sample falafel to try.  It was good and we ordered our food.  The food was mediocre and I was really surprised to see that my part of the bill was $17!

I found the place to be overpriced and a little on the bland side.  It made me a little nervous that there was only one guy there and he was taking orders, preparing the food AND handling cash.  I just got a weird vibe from the place in general.
I wanted to try something new, something I've never tried so I decided on Israeli food so I stopped at Sababas. I can not say that this is the best falafel in town since it's the only one I've tried. but I can say that it's really good and I will stop for more!. Staff is very friendly and helpful since I was not familiar with the menu. The place was very small so it looked kind of busy. I had my food to go but next time I'm planing to eat there.
Interested in trying an awesome Kosher place? Or some good vegetarian food?

Well, hey, hey! I absolutely dig on Sababa! Although the only thing I have ever had is the falafel sandwich. It is a pita with hummus, falafel, hot sauce and veggies (choice of lettuce, tomato, cucumber, pickles.)
They also offer Shawarma, hot dogs, cold cut sandwiches, and baklava. The baklava I tried was really good too! I believe I tried three different pieces. Yumm.
I've tried hummus and falafel at just about every place i can find that has it and Sababa's is EASILY the best.  Well, the falafel has a competitor in a place in CA i had once, but the hummus is seriously the best of the best of the best.

Other than those, I think the only other thing I have tried is the beef kabobs... Pretty expensive, but also one of the best ever and well worth it.  

My only complaint with the place is the ordering/eating/paying system  - especially when it's busy.  That's the order - order first  at the counter (which can be a little chaotic), then go sit and eat at a table, then pay at the register.  

So the flow is a little awkward, but not enough to give it less than 5 stars for the best hummus, falafel, and kabobs, i've ever had on a consistent basis for the 4+ years we've been going there.
Delicious food! It is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny! Their falafel is out of this world, as is their hummus, pita and kabobs! The owner is super friendly and always checks on us to make sure we are enjoying our meal.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!
Did they change their falafel recipe here?  I think they did.  I just had lunch here and it was really "meh".  $16 for a shawarma (which after cutting the off the spit still needed to be grilled for an additional 5 minutes) and falafel platter.  Pita was really tough too.  Forget it.  I'm done.  Guess its time to check out Mad Pita!
This is the best falafel in Las Vegas, and I spent the summer in the Middle East so I totally feel qualified to tell you this. The owner is an intimidating macho Israeli Sabra type, though, the other reviewers do not lie.

It is, however, miles better than the other kosher falafel place.
Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.  If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.
I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.  I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.   Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.  I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..
Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.  Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.  
The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.
All in all, $22 for a crap experience.
We loved eating here.  The staff was super helpful assisting us with our order.  I'm a vegetarian and my boyfriend eats only meat so we are totally challenged in where we are going to dine.  This place was perfect.  Awesome falafel!!!  The staff even gave my boyfriend a falafel sample to draw him since he is frightened of healthy food.  And guess what? He found out it was awesome.  Thanks Sababa's!
One word. SALTY! They seriously  need to watch the amount of salt they put in their food.

I ordered the shawarma in pita and I've never had such a salty meal before. I've lived in the middle-east (Bahrain) my entire life and shawarma's don't taste this salty or are so over priced in that part of the world.

If you're looking for authentic its definitely not here.
I got pretty much exactly what I expected when I hit up Sababa for the first time with my Groupon.  They were overstaffed and I felt like I was at a used car dealership and not a restaurant.  Without really having a chance to review the menu, they were telling me what I should get.  Who am I to argue, though, so I got their mixed platter.  Pretty much everything they make is on the platter, and it was all really good.  But the entire meal, I kind of felt like I was being watched by the staff.  In their defense, they just wanted me to like it.  But instead, it made me think, hmm, not sure I'll be back here before they do a Groupon deal again...
Decent Israeli restaurant here in Vegas.  Falafel were ok, a little salty for my tastes but the shawarma more than made up for it, it was delicious.  And the pita were excellent, still soft and warm.  The houmos was good to, it didn't overpower the shawarma.  To preface this, I just moved back to the states from a period of living and working in Israel, so I was kinda of disappointed that they didn't have Laffa.  Overall, a quite decent Israeli restaurant that I will come back to when the craving hits and I'm on that side of town.
For the past several times that I've been coming to Vegas and to the Vons Shopping Center (not certain of the name) I've noticed Sababa. Actually, I never knew it was called Sababa since what really jumped out at me was the Falafel + Pita + Soda deal for $6.95. I've always had a penchant for Middle Eastern food and kept hoping we'd stop by one day since we always go to Easy Life, which is located in the same plaza.

So during this past trip, I really had a hankering for something Middle Eastern and kept hounding my sister about it. We were supposed to go to Zaytoon, a Persian eatery/market but the name and location eluded me at the moment so we came here instead. I had entered the restaurant with the aforementioned deal on my mind but once I was inside and glanced upwards at the menu I had no idea what I wanted. The owner who is Israeli and definitely loud and proud about his restaurant immediately asked if we've been here before and we told him "no". He then gave my sister and me a falafel ball topped with a dollop of houmos to try out exclaiming that it was the best in the world. I've never particularly liked falafel since it's a vegetarian item and I need my meat but I'll admit it helped whet my appetite! 

We ended up ordering the Sababa Special, which the establishment touts as the "Ultimate Pu Pu Platter." For $17.95, it came with falafel, houmos, kababs, pita bread, shawarma, and salad. It was alright and the portion seemed small at first, but I got full off it even though I had to share with my sister. We also ordered a four piece appetizer thing that came with some bourekas and other stuff. I would have liked the houmos to have been less salty and the shawarma to have been beef (they don't have lamb here) rather than chicken. 

The service was also pretty good since the workers were pretty attentive. This place is like a hybrid of sorts since it's not entirely fast food but it's also not exactly a sit-down establishment either. You need to order at the counter but you have the option of paying upfront or after you finish eating and must pay at the counter regardless. They bring the food to you and they come to you to ask if you need drink refills but there are no designated servers.
awesome falafel!
This is my go-to place for kabobs and falafel.  Also their pita is hands down one of the best I've had.  It's fresh, warm, and chewy.  When I moved to Vegas, I was worried that I would not be able to find a good kabob place, but then my friend told me that owner of the place we frequented in Boston (Rami's) opened a place in Vegas. I was so excited, and thought it had to be fate.  It just doesn't get much better than this!  I know several people commented on the price, but I don't mind paying more for quality food.

I would say that the Sababa special is enough to feed two people.  It's a great sampler if you don't know what you want.
Lately I've been eating here about once a week, so not sure why I have yet to review this place. I have a bestie that is a vegetarian. She convinced me to try falafel for the first time and I love it here! It's always fresh because you can watch them cook it after you order. The hot sauce on the falafel pita is amazing! It's quite hot so be careful. The crunchy pickles and veggies also add the perfect punch to the savory pita. The $6.95 falafel pita +soda is such a deal for lunch.
The hubby and I shared the Sababa combo platter (~$18). It has 2 pita breads, hummus, falafal, turkey shawerma (yeah I know unusual, right?), and beef kabobs all preceded by a medium-largish size salad.  We also ordered fries.  The salad was good, they make it to order with the ingredients on the cold bar and with tahini dressing, yum!  turkey shawerma--interesting; It wasn't dry but I guess I prefer the beef/lamb type.  hummus--tasty; nothing out of the ordinary. pita bread--not the greatest; I don't think they make it there, it wasn't warm. falafal--really good (def. order these) crunchy on the outside soft and flavorful in the inside. beef kabobs--these were the best item on the combo; juicy, flavorful, but too small.  I wanted more! Fries--standard; came frozen from a bag.  The thing that irked us was their hours.  They are really inconvenient.  I understand that the owner must be a devout Jew to close at 3pm on Fridays and all day Saturdays.
This place has the best pita sandwhiches i have ever had.  Their pickles and hot sauce are my favorite ingredients.  The only thing that sucks is I typically want to go on Saturday and they are not open.
I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass. and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!!
Their beef shish kabob is by far the best kosher beef shish kabob in the US. It's delicious.
Their falafel and shwarma are ok.
Had the chicken shawarma with hummous, falafel and salad - everything was excellent.

Came with a big, soft piece of pita bread which was also amazing - most pita you get tends to be hard and thin, but this was soft and fluffy and great.
Came here at lunchtime...but since I hadn't rolled my dissolute ass out of bed more than two hours prior, it was really breakfast. What do you order at a Middle Eastern joint for breakfast? I had the falafel pita and a cup of black tar sludge, aka Turkish coffee. It was GREAT! 
The falafel pita was jam-PACKED with all kinds of chopped up veggie stuff and was truly delish. The sludge was thick and tarry, just the way I like it.
The staff was friendly and downright jovial, and the facilities were clean and pleasant. The atmo was somewhere between the typical suburban Vegas strip mall aesthetic and a Tel Aviv Starbucks: bleached blonde JAP on her BlackBerry in the front, Hasid on his MacBook Pro at the table in the back, Israeli snacks and Mentos for sale on the counter, good times all around.
I will DEFINITELY return to this place for lunch/breakfast/whatever...dinner maybe not so much, since the menu WAS kinda pricey.
I like this restaurant because it is a good place for mixed groups of vegetarians and meat-eaters.  I had a mushroom boureka, and it was an amazing little pastry of buttery, flaky, savory goodness. The spinach boureka was also good, but I could have had about 5 of the mushroom. My husband had chicken shawarma, which he said was very tasty. The man behind the counter also gave us samples of the falafel, which I found to be flavorful without being dry in that oh-my-god-this-falafel-is-going-to-choke-me way. 

Yes, it's a bit expensive, but many of their food items take longer than the average hamburger to prepare, and I'm ok with that. Plus things like Phyllo dough aren't exactly cheap. Since I'm not going to take hours to put together something so yummy at home, I don't mind paying a bit extra when I feel like a special yet casual lunch.
The food is alright, but a little pricey, and it wasn't as inviting as I'd like. Let's put it this way...I haven't gone back since, but think it's a fine place...
Their food is fine. Their prices are too high for what you get. I won't go out of my way to eat there but if I'll be in the neighborhood and  have the craving for this kind of food, I'll eat there again.
Simply great food, that is tasty, healthy and inexpensive. Vegas doesn't have many places like this. You should go.
As a long time resident of Boston/Brookline and Rami's fab middle eastern food on Harvard St. in Coolidge Corner, I was so happy to find Rami in Las Vegas!  Now that I'm living in Los Angeles, I ALWAYS make it a point to visit Rami's Sababa restaurant here. The kababs and the Rami's Special plate is not to be missed... it has a little bit of everything and the perfect meal. The toughest ting I have to do is figure out what I want to eat when I am there.  And oh, the place is always SPOTLESS. Go there!  You'll be glad you did!
I can say they have the best falafel in town and they are very clean..
Had lunch and dinner here over a couple of days. 

The food is typical middle eastern. I was shocked to taste mint in the schug, but it was a refreshing change for the dishes. 

I'd ore any of the kebabs or skewers but would stay away from the soups and Schwarzwald. 

This was w best place I dine at in Vegas so I'll definitely be coming back. 

There is ample parking but the location is a little hard to find as its in the corner of a power mall with the Vons.
Mmmm! Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!! Great food, and even better staff!!!! You guys are the BEST!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  The staff is great and they remember you every time.  The falafel and shawarma are the best in Las Vegas!!
Hands down the best pita I have had.  I will be dreaming about this pita and planning when I can make it back for more.
My friend and I shared the Sababa Special Platter, which was a great way to sample so many items at once.  The falafel was quite good, but my favorite was putting a mixture of the spiced beef kabob with the hummus, "hot sauce" and salad in the pita.
Service was friendly and we were greeted with a free sample of the falafel dipped in hummus.  Our platter was plenty of food for 2 people for $17.95, which I thought was a fair price.
The food is absolutely amazing. Being originally from Israel and living in NYC for 22yrs we've had quite a few different shawarma and other israeli food. The flavoring and service at Sababa was full of love and just delicious. The best we've had ever.
Hand down Best Falafels!!!
This place has the best falafel sandwich in America.  The pita bread is great. The hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.  The veggies are crisp and fresh. The hummas is creamy and flavorful.  And finally, the pickles are amazing.
This place is expensive. So expensive that I just don't go anymore. However, the food is noteworthy.

The advertised falafel sandwich is the only thing I'll get, when I feel like I have some cash burning a hole in my pocket for one of the cheapest foods to make ever. It is plainly delicious. The pita, right off the bat, is spectacular. Thick on one side, thin on the other, and it just soaks up the tahini sauce poured all over the interior perfectly. The salad tossed over the falafel and stuffed inside is also delicious. Everything is just right. It's honestly the only item worth it on the entire menu for the price... sort of.

Everything else isn't bad. Their grilled meats are tasty, but expensive. The chicken shawarma is dried out and tired, and expensive. The service is acceptable, if you can call it service. Location is convenient if you're in that part of town. I mean, really, why else would you be there?

Did I mention it's expensive?
BEST Falafel in Vegas!! 

Every falafel I try I compare them to "The Falafel Drive-in" in San Jose Ca. I grew up in San Jose and always compared Falafel's to the Drive-in and when I moved to Vegas I thought I would never eat Falafels again until I found Sababa's

I still love San Jose but Sabas does things that FDI doesn't and vis versa so I can't chose a winner but  Sababa's makes me feel like Im home!
Good food.
A little expensive.
They do a very good job overall on food and service.
They do delivery to hotels as well.
You could eat all your meals here if you are in town for a few days.
Only negative is that it is a drive from the main strip.
But if you are staying in town and have a rental- take a drive out.
As a traveler who has had the pleasure of eating good food in many cities and countries around the globe I have to say this is one of the best places I have had the pleasure of eating. 

The food is extremely fresh and wonderfully flavorful. Rami is a gracious host and clearly has a passion for his food. I had a family style lunch with 4 people in which Rami brought a salad, falafel, hummus, pita, chicken, steak and 2 sodas. 

Lunch was beyond good...so much so I tried to eat the plate. Now I will say the meal was pricey $23/person but the fact that Sababa is Glatt Kosher (glatt technically means the lungs of the kosher and kosher-slaughtered animal were smooth) which might account for the higher than average cost.

One thing I will say the food is nothing in the range of average it is absolutely divine :) I highly recommend eating here.
While I understand where the negative reviews about pricing are coming from, the food at this place is phenomenal.  I was in Vegas for my fiance's 25th birthday with a couple of her friends, and we stopped at this place on our way back to Phoenix.  They gave us a couple of samples of falafel for free; i usually do not like falafel but these were small and crispy with a tender inside - best falafel i have had in the states.

For entree, I had the Shwarma - salad- hummus plate, which came with a pita ($15).  The portion size was pretty damn big and the price was reasonable considering that its Kosher and a  big portion.  The Schwarma was good, the hummus was great, the salad was nice since I got to choose what ingredients I wanted.  I really enjoyed my meal.

However, what my fiance ordered is really what makes this spot 5*.  She got the beef "kabob" with fries and salad ($22).  While it sounds expensive, this "kabob" was kosher rib eye steak (the best kosher steak, period) marinated and grilled to perfection.  The owner asked me how the steak was and when I said it was great, he noted that "those kabobs are how I made my business."  I see why.   My grandpa is a kosher butcher in Detroit and I have had many many kosher steaks in my life, but this one had the best flavor of all.  Again, a large portion - if I had to guess, id say it was around 12-14 oz of meat.  The fries were also delicious.    I strongly suggest that you order this if you come to this place.  While 22$ seems like a lot, remember that kosher rib eye sells for about 18$/pound at a supermarket.

For dessert, they brought my fiance a piece of baklava with a candle in it for free (i told them when i ordered that it was her bday), which was a nice surprise.
Very good. That's all I can say. My favorite is the falafel homous pita. Everything is fresh, and delicious.  A little pricey $6.99 for falafel homous pita with drink, but very filling and well worth it.
Awesome. Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made. Get the Sababa Special and share it with a friend, it's big enough to split!
Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered. Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order. I spent 50$ for lunch! 2 chicken plates and side of hummus! One of the worst places in Vegas! By far...
I love this place, I loooove Israeli food but sometimes the meat is dry. Best falafel in town makes up for it. A bit pricey but the portions are great. 

I always forget that they close early on Friday's for Shabbat and I find myself sometimes jonesing for a good hangover meal on Friday or Saturday :\
First time trying Isreali did and was not disappointed.  The Shawarma was amazing.  I ordered the combination salad plate,  with the falafel and houmos. Excellent choice.  Food had great flavor. Will be back for more.
I'm a sucker for shawarma and you really have to be one to enjoy this place. I get that the owner is in a location and makes a product where he CAN charge that much, but that doesn't mean you have to. The good thing is that you pay after you eat, so you get to have a date with some shawarma before you get _____ in the _____.   

Seriously though, the food was delicious. I rocked the shawarma houmos salad plate, which is pretty self-explanatory. The shawarma was spiced, moist and had that crust that I love. Note: it's turkey meat. The houmos was also excellent. The kind of 'mos that you end up dipping everything in. 

The place itself has about a dozen tables and looks like every other take out joint in town. There's a TV on the wall if you are rolling solo. 

Again, the -1 star here is for price and because it says 'healthy falafels' on the wall, which is a pet peeve of mine (deep fried = not healthy). I'll be back, regrettably, bc sometimes it's OK to get your ______  ____ed for some decent shawarma.
They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost. I live 3 miles away. ripoff
This place has the best falafel found in Vegas ! Great service, and they even let you sample a falafel. Decent prices and their hummus is definitely up there!
Best falafel and shawarma in Vegas. I crave Sababa regularly, especially their hot sauce. Everything is fresh and delicious.
Sababa is a great Israeli restaurant. the shawarma is great and their falafel is best in town. the place is super clean and food is super fresh.
The only reason I gave it 3 stars and not 5 is because they are ridiculously expensive!
The small but most annoying thing about Sababa is their take out soda cups are so small ($3) with no option for a large drink. I always have to either buy two sodas or get my soda somewhere else. sounds stupid, I know, but it is a deal breaker for me when I want to get food to-go. they have free refills so when I have time to eat there its not an issue. but be prepared to spend about $20 per person for a shawarma plate and soda. 
Other than the high prices and shot size soda cups the food and service is great.
I go there once in a while. when I can afford $20 on a fast lunch.
I was impressed with the food. It was great quality. I was not impressed with being charged more than told when ordering. They tell you to sit down, and then they bill you later after you have eaten. The crystal geyser water for 11 cents at Costco is $1.95 a bottle. Pretty crazy. The highlight of this visit was the friendly service. Prepare to be over-charged
Sababa has pretty much beaten out all the other Kosher eateries out there in Vegas. And theres's a reason why...the food is fresh and delicious! It is a clean eatery, with the salad bar protected by a panel of glass and the schwarma grill on display so you know exactly what your food will look like and how it's handled. 

The portions are good for the price you pay and the service is accommodating. It is worth the 20 mile drive my husband and I make out once in a while when we know we want a good Israeli dish. My personal favorite: Beef steak plate  ($22)....very juicy and well marinated in my opinion!! 

The reason I give it 4 stars is because the food and beverages are very pricey.
If you want a great falafel pita sandwich I recommend this place! The hummus and shawarma are great too.
Food good, but jerusalem grill better and closer to strip, but sababa was half the price and great salad.
Very nice place!
Clean up and the best service in Vegas 
Little bit expensive but worth every cent
nice staff. very casual. baby chicken was great. burger was excellently made. very fast food-ish
Fantastic middle eastern food, excellent for lunch or dinner.

I have only one critique, but it is a notable one.

When you come into the restaurant, unless money is no object, order directly from the menu.

If you come in with 4 or more people, a lot of times the (very nice) staff will offer to just make you a dinner for 4 with a little of everything. They are so nice, and it sounds like a good way to decide what to eat.

The problem is two-fold. One, you many times are still a little hungry and there isn't much to take home. And two, when they give you the bill for your little "dinner for 4" you will pass out from the price.

Unfortunately we had this happen 3 times with parties of 4 to 9 people before we learned our lesson. And they tend to get a little hostile when you object.

So just remember, order directly from the menu and you'll enjoy a delicious meal without any sticker shock.
Had the falafel, it was probably one of the best one I've had. All fresh ingredients, they build it right in front of you and the spicy sauce they add to it is awesome!!! Sorry no picture this time it was sooo good that it didn't have a chance to get a picture taken.
Very clean place!!!! Friendly staff! Food is amazing here! The falafel is the best I've ever had! Def worth the drive and u will leave here feeling happy and refreshed from eating such great food:) 5 stars all the way!!!!!! Kosher is the way!
When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables. One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food. The other two people were employees. After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.

As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus. It was delicious! It was also the only positive thing about this experience.

We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building. The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade. He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS. My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone. When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it. Okay, not a great first impression. But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought. He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend. Weird. He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total. About $17. 

While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register. He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback. He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign. I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place. Never again.
I came here years ago on a whim driving by and was kinda excited to find this place again after moving to this side of town.

It is a Kosher restaurant so the hours are not what we are used to in our normal daily Vegas, however the food is worth the wait and the drive.  Kosher is a BIG meaning and covers a lot of knowledge. I will not begin to explain but a bit of reading on the subject wouldn't hurt.

The food here is amazing, I remember asking my Man if we could drive the 30 minutes to go get the "Shawarma" no go.  So when we moved in this direction and I found it again it has kinda become my cheat day, not that is is bad for you but OH So Good!  I believe the Shawarma combo is the best for me I love the long roasted meat shaved into your sandwich.  I also really love the falafels buy a couple for 50cent a piece with a bit of Tahini, amazing fried goodness!  

The service is not really quick everything takes a bit to cook (because it is Kosher) and the prices are bit high, but most really great places like this are and there is a reason.  The reasons are prep, time, seasons and accountability.  I feel the safest place to eat in the world is here because they take it so serious.  

So the portions are huge that makes up for the price, the price isn't bad I thought... The meat is moist and delicious and plenty of sauce and veggies to make it all rhyme.  ask for the hot sauce but if you are weary about it ask for it on the side I ask for it lightly and I like heat if that says anything! LOL
This is my favorite Middle Eastern place! I live in LA and always get my chow here when I am in Vegas. The owner used to own Rami's (his name) in Brookline, MA and I missed him when he moved but since I live on the west coast now, I go there all the time. It's consistent and delicious! Go there!
I love everything about this place...The atmosphere is very welcoming. The food was amazing and finally a good place to eat meat ;)
Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!
For what we ordered the price was extremely high and not realistic for this type of food and restaurant.
The beef kebab was really good and the chicken very yummy. 
But again the price is not right ;)
Did a search for Turkish food in yelp and the various places that I ran across did not sound right, this place did. Sadly, it was not turkish food.

There were also no hot servers, matter of fact, there were no women.. all guys... smallish kind of place, clean... felt family run, of your family was all guys. Definite weird kind of "I've got a deal for you" vibe once I walked in.

How is a beef shish kebob platter like $24, but the one size down version is $14? I mean a $10 difference means I better be getting some really hot chick to deliver it to me, or at the very least put something on the plate worth $10 extra dollars.

The food was good, but I think it was more of a kosher food place than a middle eastern place, which I know is difficult to identify, but it was definitely not a place that I would have found myself in unless I was looking for something like that. I was under the impression that it was something else, but I did not come out of the experience scarred or hateful, rather, I am probably not going to go back because of the prices.
The best Mediterranean food I've had I'm Vegas. The falafel is the bees knees; it's so moist. Their hummus is amazing too. I also love the friendly staff.
Another fun day at DMV. So to kill time I went to this place because they're reviews looked good. Not very many glatt kosher places in vegas that actually taste good let alone good Israeli/jewish food. This place was great! Service is great and food is SO fresh. They have a salad bar and nothing looks like it's been sitting forever. I got the shnitzel and a red cabbage and cucumber mix salad. This place is far from where I live but it is def worth the drive.
Typical Israeli restaurant even the owner lol. I am Israeli so you feel like you are back home. The falafel is great and the pita was full. The price was right for the falafel even if you never had it and want to try it for $6.99 with a drink. They even have a machine that spits the falafel into the fryer......I wish I had that at home. The owner was cool and funny. If you aren't Israeli you might take that the wrong way. I will for sure come back.
Awesome falafel pita - even better smothered with my favorite babaganoush. Throw a little hot sauce, I'm a happy girl.
I stumbled on this out of the way place on my way to Red Rock Canyon.  What a delight. Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich I have had in years. And I am a native New Yorker who knows good falafel.  The pita pockets are unique -- spongy, fluffy and light -- and seem to just melt into the sandwich.  The falafel is fresh and just the right consistency -- not too crispy or dry.  And they will stuff the sandwich with your choice of fresh condiments.  All for $6.99, drink included.  Friendly and helpful staff just add to the fine experience. My advice is to make the effort to get to Sababa.  You won't be disappointed.
Yummy food, clean restaurant, nice atmosphere! The beef kabob and falafel are very good. Prices are reasonable.  Recommend coming here for some authentic and delicious Israeli food!
The prices are high for the food they serve here. Clerk was kind of pushy and not that nice
Falafel pita sandwich special, please and thank you. Moist falafel, pita that manages to be both fluffy thick and thin, tasty tahini. This sandwich is so big I have to use a fork.


And don't skip the spicy sauce! Yum!
I have passed this shop many times (right on Durango).  I finally stopped for a Falafel sandwich to go.  It was so moist with a great mix of fresh tomato, cabbage.  Absolutely the best Falafel I have tasted.  YUM!!!
Like most Jewish-owned restaurants, this place is closed on Saturdays, so plan accordingly. I have tried to go here before but the early close time on Fridays (3PM) has foiled a few of my efforts as well. Worth pre-planning to get your shwarma fix.

Ordered takeout, staff was friendly, chatty, and quick.
Shwarma combo plate with salad, hommos, and falafel ($15) was two meals, and priced well when you consider that adding on the falafel is only a dollar more for 5 pieces- a la carte pricing is 2/$1. Falafel plate with hommos and salad ($10) is also an ample portion, and each plate comes with their own fresh, warm pita.

Shwarma is turkey, per the menu notes, but sliced and grilled fresh with good flavor. Falafel is crisp, hommos is creamy and topped with olive oil and parsley, and the salad is legit: fresh lettuce and cabbage, topped with tiny-chopped tomato, onion, and cucumber, and doused with a good amount of tahini dressing.There's no feta, but that probably carries over from the kosher dishes. I added some myself at home for extra oomph!

They also have burekas- small square pastries stuffed with potato, spinach, or mushroom; the latter is my favorite, highly recommend.

Side tangent: Not sure why this place hypes up falafel as healthy. As others have said, although it's vegetarian, it IS fried so calling it healthy is a bit of a stretch.
The falafel here is good.  The guy who served me did not wear gloves to prep my good which grossed me out a bit but the hummus was good and falafel fresh so I got over it.
The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all! After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!
I just moved here from israel and was missing some shawarma. let me tell you how disappointed I turned out being. I really feel like this place should get an F for being so dirty. the same guy that just cleaned the table went to go make me salad without washing his hands or wearing gloves! Yuccccck! Plus the menu prices and the price he charged me were totally off! Shame to call this kosher and Israeli food
Was desperate to find a good Middle Eastern / Lebanese place in Vegas and one day we stumbled upon Ali Baba after trying a few others. Nice place - some authentic dishes that are worth the trip, and an authentic and non-Vegas seeming interior. Cool place.
I really love the food in this place. The mezze combination is enough to feed 4 people easily, and it's delicious. They have the standard stuff like hummous, babaganoush, and lebni, but there are most interesting treats, like kibbe, and a mindblowing bean concoction which is intensely garlicky and the beans are so buttery they melt in your mouth, they also serve up some pastries similar to mini spanakopitas as well as chunks of feta, olives and some fresh jalapeos, I could go on, there are thing's I've forgotten to mention, I'm sure. We've also had some of their entrees and sandwiches, all of them were excellent. Definitely seek this place out. 

One word of warning, they have live music on Saturday's and Fridays and it's wacky Mediterranean music with a belly dancer that walks around all the tables, nothing wrong with that, except it's a bit too loud and I like to be able to sustain a conversation over dinner.
Well, it appears that many are trying to get into the business of Middle Eastern food, & I have to say that here it's pretty good.  They focus on Lebanese style foods & offer pretty good wines... not too extensive... but I see it growing.  The hookah is just o.k. & pricey!  The live music / singer & band help to make up for the so-so hookah... ;)  Overall, it's a nice place to go & kick back & get together with friends to enjoy a Red Wine! & of course, listen to some music... By the way, they offer a great Lunch Buffet...
Wonderful food, great service.  I had had a lot hummus before I went to Ali Baba, but I never really understood how wonderful it could be until Ali Baba.  Also, the Belly Dancer is the hotness.  Kinda felt like I got a lap dance from her, which is nice with dinner.
great service and the BEST KEBABS I've ever had! especially the lamb and steak kebab, I don't know how they do it, but it's so tender it almost melts in your mouth. They have a live band bellydancing on the weekends but I've never gone on a weekend, so I can't rate the quality of entertainment.
let me fill everyone in on a little known fact about this place. I am middle eastern so I think i know a little more and my review will probably be helpful. When going to Ali Baba you HAVE to go for the buffet only, it is $20 its good food although its a little pricey for a brunch buffet. When eating dinner here its hit or miss. Ive never had a bad experience with the buffet, its good food even though there isn't much variety, but of all the middle eastern places in Vegas this is the best. The dinner on the other hand is not the same. I have had dinner and it was bad. The food is over priced, the hookah is not. Beer and alcohol is also over priced.
We came here really late on a Thursday night and I must admit the food is really good. Great hummus, clean and the customer service is a plus. The manger is really nice he was very helpful.
Delicious food, excellent service, nice atmosphere. And they finally taught me how to mix the middle eastern oregano and dip the pita bread in it. The falafel was excellent! The hummus was very tasty. The baklalva was the best I've had in Vegas yet, better than most places in NYC.We heard there is Belly Dancing on Friday, Saturday night...
Went to Ali Baba last night and that visit will most likely be my last.  The food was great, some of the best I've found in Las Vegas.  The service, on the other hand, was bad enough to offset the good food and make me want to never come back.

When I entered the restaurant I stood at the front for five minutes while the owner/manager did 'other things' and didn't even greet me.  Finally I said "two please" and he very slowly grabbed two menus and found a table for me.  The huge restaurant only had two tables occupied, but it still seemed like the host/manager/owner was having difficulty finding a table for me.  

As far as food, i ordered a tabbouleh salad, kibbeh nayeh, and chicken shawarma dinner.  I have no complaints about the food, it was quite good in fact.

When we finished eating it took one hour from the time we told the waiter we were "all set" to get the check and process our payment.  Other than my table, there was only one other table occupied in the entire restaurant at this time, so its not like they were overwhelmed with business.  Overall very strange service, as neither of the two employees that I saw in the restaurant seemed to enthused to satisfy their customers.

Again...food was good...service was terrible.  I will not be returning to Ali Baba.
Visited this place because of the restuarant.com coupon my brother had. 

I printed one myself not knowing we already had one for our group. Needless to say I still have my coupon. Dont really want to go again even with a 25 dollar gift certificate. 

The food is ok at best, I found stuff half the price and way better in flavor, texture and quality. 

The shwarna didnt tatse like it came from the tradition spit, I could of fried my own beef/lamb at home way better. 

The chicken was moist but bland. 

Damn I miss Zankou chicken..
Pros:
-BEAUTIFUL decor and ambiance
-Free mimosa or champagne with lunch buffet
-Cheap buffet
-Some dishes were good
-This place offers hookah as well

Cons:
-Very awkward service. Possibly because they're not used to having customers for their lunch buffet (this place was empty)
-Most of the dishes I just didn't care for

This place wasn't very special at all. I'm glad I tried the food, but I probably won't come back.
My experience at this restaurant was horrible. The food tasted bad and didn't come as it was listed on the menu. The roasted chicken was supposed to come with potatoes, but didn't. I can't eat gluten and I made sure when ordering that I wasn't ordering any bread or wheat, yet my order still came out in sandwich form (so special diets stay away). The bill was also a surprise as all prices listed in the menu came out double on the bill. When we tried to correct any of these mistakes the waiter and management simply insisted that everything was correct.
Traveling back from Amman and Beirut, I thought I had my fill of Lebanese food, but when I got home, it was calling me.  I went to Ali Baba and with my family and have enjoyed it overall.

Not the same as back in the ME, but the staff are nice, if you go early, you are the only ones and get good service. 

The quail is good, the falafel is good as well. The baba ghanoush is very tasty and the sausages are excellent. Nice place to go with friends and family.
Authentic Lebanese Cuisine. 
I think the interior is pretty nice and the ambiance is great.
They  have ethnic music videos and it is quite entertaining. 

The food was great. 
I don't know of a restaurant like it in Las Vegas, so if you are looking for something different, come here! 

Their fresh vegetable salads are very good and different. The soup is very tasty! I am a huge fan!
It is definitely comfort food and if you are not used to ethic food then it is possible you may not be become super fan, but I would say if you are an adventurist foodie, like I am, you will really enjoy coming here!
My best friend is Middle Eastern and I would always get invited over for dinner compliments of her mother. When they moved away I was on a constant pursuit trying to find authentic (good) Lebanese food in the Las Vegas valley. After years of searching, nothing has come close to Ali Baba's Lebanese cuisine. 

I like to partake in the weekend all-you-can-eat buffet. It's available Saturday and Sunday from 11am-5pm for $15/person. There is an array of appetizers, entrees and desserts you can choose from. Their shawarma is to die for! YUM-O! 

The restaurant is decorated nicely with awesome wall murals, they have a dance floor and a live band/singers Fri-Sun night. They offer hookah, they have belly dancers and much more.

I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. So go eat there today....and then burn off the calories while trying to belly dance to the tunes ;)
So, I used to go pick up hummos and tabbouleh at the Mediterranean grocery that was across the parking lot from Ali Baba.  Stopped by on Monday to find out it was CLOSED!!!  So sad!!

So, in a pinch, I ran over to Ali Baba.  I can't tell you how disappointed I was.  The hummos was thick, gluey and bland and the grape leaves were too vinegary.  Rating is up to two stars only because the tabbouleh was very fresh and pretty good, but, I mean, how do you screw up tabbouleh?
love tha place espcially the dancer they got there and the huka's.....service its great food excellent......thank u $ bringing these tradiccional cuissine 2 this country.....
I kept seeing this place and was very excited to try it. What a MISTAKE. 
We were literally the only table in the place and got awful service. It took half an hour to get our starter salads, then another forty five minutes for the food. The salad was plain and unappealing. Our shwarmas were so bad my sister and I pawned them off on her boyfriend, who didn't care for them, but was hungry. For a ten dollar lunch special, it was just BAD.

After finishing we waited another half an hour for the waiter to reappear with our check. Meanwhile, a man and his son came in and stood up front. After about fifteen minutes, the man finally had to go knock on the kitchen door to get the server back out. I wanted to warn them to run away, but didn't want to be rude, just because I thought it was gross is no reason to chase off their only other table. 

Needless to say, this was a HUGE waste of money.
I am from middle east and I know how the middle eastern food tastes. This restaurant is not as good as the reviews are. Expensive. I went with my wife we had 1 main entree and appetizers with a hookah and paid 100 dollars. Food is below average. Restaurant was empty on a Sunday night. Customer service good. I will not go back to this restaurant since I did not have a good experience.
For those reviewing this restaurant and saying this is like a Lebanese mother cooking for you, I want to extend my deepest apologies for your mother's cooking. ;) But on a more serious note...

The service was some of the worst I have encountered, even if the manager was nice about it (he served us because I guess he doesn't have enough clientele to warrant hiring anyone else... but doesn't that mean he needs to change something up?)

The hummus was okay. I was disappointed to have paid so much for it and the pita bread was ...well, I can get better at Trader Joe's. For that matter, save your money and grab hummus and pitas at Trader Joe's.

Don't do the shawarma. Don't. Seriously. I moved far away from my beloved Mediterranean favorite restaurant and now I cannot find anything to replace it with. My 50.00 bill from Ali Baba was a kick in the stomach, or was it the Shawarma that was a kick in the stomach?

To add insult to injury, I was late for a movie because it took 40 minutes to get a check from the manager while he was hanging out in the kitchen. Really? 40 minutes without checking on a table? You would be fired for that at my work.
This is a great place. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is wonderful. The live entertainment and belly dancers and hookah are fantastic. It's a great experience.
We were there over the weekend.  Great food.  The hummus was excellent, as was the roasted chichken (with fries no less) and chicken kaboobs.  By accident perhaps, there was a small shaker of seasonings and sesame seeds.  Put this on the hummus.  Wonderful!!
This place is a joke and the CLOWN they call the manager should be fired and the place shut down ! 

 Came here with family we weren't sure already about the place but it was recommended on Zabihah, so hesitantly  we decided to give it a try Boy was that a mistake! If I could give this place  NEGATIVE 5 stars I would have.
 We ordered our food with the recommendation of the waiter who was nice and friendly, everyones food came out and mines came 10 minutes later. The Hummas is WHACK  first off its like 80 % tahini our bread was BURNED  but they  still served it  to us. We came right at 5 and the restraunt was DEAD  empty, then suddenly two musicians showed up and started to play and practice off beat music, at a loud annoying volume when we were the only paying customer in the entire restraunt. The two weekend performers acted like they owned the place and abused  it like it was their personal studio. We asked him to stop for 10 minutes  so we can have and finish our meal in peace , instead he turned around and asked for another five minutes of torture because he was practiccing a song he planned  to record.  We waited 5 minutes which became 15 and he increased the volume the horrid amature hour  continued. It was so loud and obnoxious I had to leave the restraunt for air leaving my meal entirely untouched. The manager who was a brick of walking stupidity came and pretended to offer hollow customer service he told us the  the performers  don't speak English ( even though we told them in Arabic.)

The  lazy disgusting excuse for a  Managmer provided every excuse except customer service. We left our meals and didn't not take  anything. The bill was 120 for 4 people the scum manager then offered to give a free meal for 2 people only the next time we come, but there's 4 of us and we would never come back  to this  shotty excuse for Lebanese cuisine.
I was there for dinner. It was almost empty on the weekday night I went. Food was good particularly the salad. Service was attentive though only one waiter. Nice environment. Located in a mall, difficult to find. Prices reasonable. Good place for Arabic food.
Okay, I have no reference in much Lebanese or Middle Eastern food other than a container of Hummus and pita chips I bought from Costco on their demo days  and some kebabs from those outdoor food fairs.  I came here for  a lunch special for one of those lunch birthday during work kinda thing about 2 years ago. The lunch special was buffet style and I tried everything in the buffet line.  The staff  was friendly and everything tasted different, which is a good thing.  I even tried to make some of these dishes myself using a quick Google search...fail.  Anyway, I have to try some other place to compare. Yes, it was two years ago but my palette remembers.  All in all, I  would go back again.
An extra star for the decor.  The place is beautiful!  It was a Tuesday night and I met a friend for dinner.  She's half-Lebanese and this was her turf, food and location-wise.  She wanted grape leaves; I don't like them, so we settled on hummus and spinach pie for appetizers.  The hummus was okay, the spinach pie less so - four or five phyllo triangles stuffed with a dry spinach mixture.

For the main course we ordered "Tasty Salmon", which is supposed to be "char-grilled fresh salmon with rosemary and lemon juice served with a special spinach sauce".  There was no char, I didn't taste any rosemary and lemon juice, and the special spinach sauce was an orange-colored cream sauce with a few flecks of spinach.  The menu had no mention of cream in this sauce.  Cream and I have a love-hate relationship.  Overall, it tasted okay, but nothing special.  The salmon was a smallish portion, but it came with a huge mound of rice pilaf, and vegetables just this side of the freezer.

Service was very friendly and good at the beginning, but later on, when the big space was crowded with just two more tables (!), it was somewhat hard to get the waiter's attention.

My friend said that the beautiful patio fronting the restaurant is new.  Unfortunately, it was brutally hot and even steamy, so there was no way we were going to sit outside.  But since this restaurant is way on the other side of town, I'm unlikely to savor that patio. There are too many better, closer restaurants.  It's a shame, because decor like that deserves food worthy of its surroundings.
Dont't pay with credi/ATMt card. They will change the tip line. I think it was the manager that did it too.
So since i moved to vegas and always looking for a great Lebanese spot this place was great. I have been there twice. Portions are big and the prices are reasonable. They have the Kebbeh Neyyeh wich is always one of my favs. The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was really slow at the end of the night.
Its ok. Not reall impressive if you are middleeastern. Food is cold and service is disorganized. They can do better. Environment is a bit unique with live middle eastern music. The waiter was very nice and polite.
I haven't tried everything on the menu because I am such a fan of the mazza and grand mezza platters!  So much good food in generous portions for a very reasonable price.
This is a really great place for chow.

The grub is great!

The service is even better. 

This is one restaurant that is worth a visit.
Definitely not a good place to eat with friends, especially on a budget. There are cheaper and better Lebanese food out there. You are paying for over priced food and lack of service.
I took my mom out to lunch & she wanted to try this place. I had a falafel sandwich & she had the beef shwarma sandwich. The food was very well prepared. The hostess & server (manager) were both friendly & courteous.  My only complaint is the service was pretty slow and we 
were the only people in the restaurant.
I ordered just a bunch of appetizers. Hummus, Baba Ghanooj, Kibe Nayyi, fried kibe, yogurt, black tea and a hookah at the end. Everything was great. I would only tone down the cumin just a bit in the kibe nayyi. Service was great, and it was fast. A place to visit every time I'm in Vegas. Maybe I'll plan my next visit so I'm here over a Weekend to enjoy the live entertainment.
I don't think I have to go back.  Food was slightly below average and the place was kind of dirty.  There was still food from whomever ate at the table last all over the floor like the place needed to be vacuumed.  Since we went for lunch my guess is it was there from the night before. 

I'd skip this place
While I can't attest to the lunch buffet everyone has spoke about in previous reviews, I can attest I had a fantastic dinner here. Started out with Mezza (translates to appetizer in Arabic) which includes; hommos, tabbouleh, baba ghanouj, labneh, falafel and grape leaves. I'm very picky about grape leaves and falafel these were probably some of the best I've had, along with the baba ghanouj. This was huge and I could have easily just eaten this without ordering an entree. This could be split 4 ways, they also offer Grand Mezza, which is twice the amount of food. Only place in town to get Kebbeh Nayah, which is a definite if you come. 

A good accompaniment is Arak, it is to Lebanon as Ouzo is to Greece. It is 100 proof, delicious and I prefer over Ouzo or Sambucca. The way to drink it is over ice mixed with flat water. It is very smooth. 

For my entree I went with the seafood kabab, included a full salmon fillet and marinated shrimp. This was delicious. My date ordered the lamb shank which is supposed to be a house specialty (I'm not a fan of shank anything, so this was not my fav), but he gave it two thumbs up. Lots if Arabic desserts, try the Kanefeh, Maamoud and Lebanese Ice Cream. 

This place gets busy on the weekends around 10pm, they have live music (Arabic) and the belly dancers start at midnight. The atmosphere was good, large room, painted murals, comfy couches to sit and enjoy a hookah.
Lebanese Food...Don't Mind If I Do

There are some foods in this world that make me wonder, how did I ever grow up without this?? Lebanese food is one these! 

My friend Nicole and I were going out for lunch the other day and decided to try Ali Baba, a Lebanese restaurant. Upon arrival the waitress was outside and greeted us with a friendly hello. As we entered the restaurant I couldn't help but take in all the decor...the Tiffany inspired chandlers, the paintings on the wall (which turned out to be wall paper), the pillars, the long tables, and the dance floor with a stage that was set up to play bands. There was only one group of dinners in the restaurant and there wasn't any music playing, which was a little unsettling. But we decided to go forth and see what the experience could bring us!

The menu was quit detailed, so if it was your first time eating Lebanese food, you'd know what you would be getting into. It all looked so good to me! We ended up ordering some hummus, tabbouleh, a shawarma sandwich and a chicken taouk sandwich. We decided that we would share everything! The hummus was so tasty, just like it should be. So creamy and smooth with a buttery taste. The tabbouleh was amazing with the finely minced parsley, diced tomatoes, onions, cracked wheat, mint, extra virgin olive oil, and lemon juice! Very yummy...I could eat it every day! The shawarma sandwich was good. This sandwich is usually marinated in yogurt and spices over night, although, I'm not sure what this places uses as the marinade. It did come with tahini sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, sliced tomato and pickles. The chicken taouk sandwich wasn't as good but I think that's because of the garlic sauce they put in it. If you dare to eat this sandwich, make sure you don't have to be up-close and personal with someone! The chicken was char-grilled served with garlic sauce, tomatoes and pickles. Both sandwiches came with french fries, which I thought was a little odd. I would have preferred a small side of hummus or babganoush instead.

Over all, we stuffed ourselves and had leftovers! I will go back when the craving for hummus is calling! But I would wait till later in the day for when the band and belly dancers show up!  I can't wait to see them perform in person! 

http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
I am a great fan of Middle Eastern cuisine. I am fortunate to be able to travel to the Middle East yearly and eagerly seek out Middle Eastern restaurants when I come to a new city. I was very disappointed with the food at Ali Baba. Overcooked meats, yes I know Arabs like their meat well done, but I ordered rare hoping for medium rare. No such luck. Gamey lamb, tasteless entrees. The worst backlawa ever, washed down by the worst coffee ever. How can backlawa be this bad? Service is friendly, courteous and professional. Shisha is served table side, so know that as you are eating there is the possibility that those around you may be smoking. I'm cool with it, but the initiated may be surprised. The Shisha is regularly attended to by staff members circling the room. This place really comes alive weekend nights. There is live music with popular Arabic songs performed. There is a dance floor and many of the mature diners dance into the wee hours of the morning. Overall this place is about the Arabic experience, and they do a good job. It's just unfortunate the food is so bad.
I regret to say that our dinner experience was quite terrible here. Our food was bad- the spinach pie was off and the soup was rancid. 

The service was slow. We were left at our table waiting for 30 minutes waiting for a check after we declined dessert. 

Not many vegetarian options.
They microwaved their bread so long that it was hard like a rock when it cooled downed.  I sent back two appetizers because they were microwaved and just disgusting.  Don't order anything is pastry puff.  The lamb was soooo tough it was not edible.  Waitress argued this is how they aways made it, and she ate it every day.  Too bad for her!  Don't waste your money on this overpriced, poor quality food.  And when they say it includes pine nuts in the dish, don't believe it unless you have a microscope and are willing to search for it!!!  So so bad, ugh, $60 for 3 apps and 1 entree... what a waste!!!!
While Ali Baba no longer offers the weekend AYCE buffet as I previously reviewed a few years back, I still dine here frequently with my family. 

Our "go to" dishes are the beef shawarma plate, tabouli, chicken kabobs and their hot & fresh pita bread. The "Mom" is always there slaving away in the kitchen. She as well as the servers always have a smile on their face and "Mom" will make a point to greet our table. She always makes my daughter a shirley temple (extra cherries) and gives her extra bread to make her happy.

Fantastic customer service and great quality food!!
Good food,
Best mekanek in town... Authentic and good environment especially saturday night
Here's the real skinny on Ali Baba - either you're going to hate it or love it. There's probably not much in between.

As for me, my husband and I attended a friend's birthday party here on a Saturday night. As other reviews have mentioned this place gets poppin' on the weekends. My husband and I arrived as the first of the anyone in the party to get there. We were seated at one of the many long tables. That's a thing with Ali Baba, it does seem as though they tend to serve large groups, not small dining parties. I wonder if this is because of a tradition in Lebanese culture? I'm not sure.

Anyway, the place is dimly lit, with a disco ball spinning in one corner above the dance floor and musician's stage. There is a bar area toward the back. The whole of the restaurant is painted with Middle Eastern type scenes. 

On Saturday night they have a band and a singer (yes, a real singer) who sings VERY loudly and everyone cheers and claps and some people sing along. Well, the only way you can sing along is if you know what language he is singing in! People get up and dance all through the night and through their dinners. The singer roams the dining area enticing people to sing and clap with him. it's like a Mexican place that has a band/singers, but taken to the next level. 

By the way, they do hookah here directly on the tables while food is being served. So, if that ain't in your ball park, go elsewhere or it's going to seriously ruin your dining experience if others in the restaurant are partaking of the option, which our party was. I thought it was deliciously naughty and fun to be able to smoke, eat, and drink all at the same time. ;)

As for the food and drinks, and this is honestly one of only two dings I had regarding our experience here. I find the pricing to be a little much. My husband ordered a Jack and Coke and it cost him $10 (plus tip). I mean yikes. That's crazy. Plus, the food is NOT cheap. You can get food such as this elsewhere at lower prices. 

What we had food-wise was appetizer plates split between our entire group. We got two orders of their Grand Mezza (which was actually too much for 10 people). It came with: Hommos, Tabbouleh, Baba Ghanouj, Labneh, Falafel, Kebbehballs, Mixed Pies (Cheese, Spinach, Meat), Fool Medamas, Sujok, Bastermaand Grape Leaves. I honestly cannot at this point in time remember what I actually ate, although I tried to get a bit of everything. I thought everything had great flavor and was tasty. The only thing I did not like was the Bastermaand Grape Leaves. Too much of a bitter flavor. I think I would have to go back and really sit down and know what I was eating to really give a good review on the food. But overall, for our party these dishes worked well.

We also ordered two bottles of Arak for the table. This is the national alcoholic drink of Lebanon and it is 100 proof liquor and it is not cheap. We all imbibed and we were all very merry. We danced and clapped and ate and smoked and danced some more and ate and drank some more.

Honestly I loved partying here! I thought it was fun. The only issue I had was that it was just a tad too loud to hear much of what my party was saying. 

Besides the loudness and the high-prices Ali Baba was an awesome time. I would defintiely recomend if you are lookiing for something a bit different for a large group party.
Went here the other night and service was HORRIBLE! At first they refused to seat us inside even though there were plenty of open seats. After a long wait they did seat us, but then (after 30 minutes with only water) never took our order, even after we asked several times. We left and will never return. Way to make your guests feel extremely unwanted and uncomfortable Ali Baba. Go to Pasha if you want good food and service.
Hands down BEST hookah lounge & caf in Las Vegas!!! Had the most amazing night there with my friends and my wife. Atmosphere was unbelievable, live singers all night long, drinks were on point, food was amazing, all the employees treated us like celebrities with the most satisfactory customer service. Prices very reasonable for that type of atmosphere. They provide a wide variety and selection of hookah tobacco and they fix the hookahs to perfection. Highly Highly recommended when in Vegas, you wont regret.
3 1/2 stars. Stumbled upon Ali Baba Cuisine by mistake when I made a wrong turn into this strip center. It was lunch and there was only one other patron besides myself.

My waitress was super friendly and I chose the beef shawarma sammie - combo of lamb, beef seasoned marinated and served with tarator sauce, garlic, lemon juice, seasoned onions, tomatoes and pickles. The sammie was served with fries for $10.00 The sammie was decent although my wrap was  soggy due to the excess sauces.

At night I can imagine this place could be fun with live music, hookah and a dance large dance floor.
We got the small mezzanine and the chicken touak. We got the at 9:30 after a show and the food was very fresh. Was very good and the service was amazing. Definitely try this place. We're going back soon!
Great hookah. I've also ordered some appetizers which were just all right. Service was great though !!!
Went here last night with my wife and another couple.  We were absolutely the only people inside the restaurant, while what looked like the owner/manager and two friends were smoking hookah outside.  
    After waiting about 3-4 minutes we were greeted at the table as we had come a few minutes behind our friends who had already ordered drinks.  The owner/manager I mentioned earlier was our waiter because he didn't seem to be wearing any kind of serving uniform.  
     After we ordered our food about 10 minutes went by at which point a man who was clearly the cook (wearing apron) came up to us, hurriedly, to take our order.  We told him we had already ordered, and he asked who took the order and we pointed to the manager coming through the door with ingredients bought at a nearby market.  He ran up to him then they both ran back to the kitchen together. OK so they ran out of ingredients, and clearly the cook had no idea anyone was inside the restaurant or had ordered for those first 10 minutes.  
     About 20 minutes later we got our food, which was OK, definitely not anything great.  The chicken shawarma looked like it had been thrown together rather quickly and not really fully cooked (probably because they were trying to rush after having to go to the market to get ingredients).  
     I had a beer but my wife had ordered a Mojito.  BIG mistake... it was absolutely terrible, did not taste anything even remotely close to a Mojito.  It was so bad even I wouldn't finish it just for the buzz.
     Then we waited for our check.....and waited....and waited..... and waited.  The manager walked past us towards his little office near the front of the restaurant twice, without saying a word to us.  Then he went outside for about 5 minutes.... then came back and went to the kitchen... then finally came over and asked us if we needed anything.   Uhhhh yea the check, we've been sitting here for 13-15 minutes.  
     So finally the check came... and WOW! Each beer (12 oz.) was $5.  The previously mentioned absolutely terrible Mojito was a whopping $9.  The other dishes were $13-$19.  The Chicken Shawarma was $16 but definitely not worth more than $12.  So everything was definitely overpriced.  
     I would come back here if I had no other options, but if there is another Lebanese place open within about 15 miles I would go there rather than here.....
     Freakin $9 "Mojito"???
Great cuisine and service. Very authentic but can be enjoyed by anyone. The quality and preparation of the food is excellent. Many delicious options for vegetarians. We've been on various Saturday nights when they have live music and it is a great atmosphere. The staff is very polite and attentive. Highly recommend.
The cuisine at Ali Baba's is sensational.  Big portions, everything is fresh and tasty.  The wine lists are fantastic and the atmosphere...fantastic.  I never felt like I was in a standard restaurant, all involved from the owners to the servers make sure that you feel like family and bend over backwards to please you.  The foods are served in a timely manner, nice and warm and the veggies....WOW!  Would I go back?  Absolutely!  Do I recommend?  Highly!!  You are missing out on a wonderful experience in all ways.  Go go go!!!  :-)
Came after work with a Co worker.  The staff was super friendly and the food was full of flavor.  Mmmm a new favorite will be coming back again and again.
One star is too much for this place! I hated it. We went in the afternoon the waitress was a jerk and the food was like I was swallowing garlic
An excellent experience all the way around. The place was buzzing on Saturday evening. Very vibrant, lively setting. Fabulous food. Amazing atmosphere (live music and belly dancing). Beautiful people, all of whom were very friendly. Will definitely return.
The worst Arabic restaurant I ever dined into. My lamb shank was not done at all it felt like I am eating tires instead of lamb. Also, the tomato paste was TOO much to the point the food was tasting sweet instead of salty and there was no taste of spices at all. Also, the kenafeh I ordered was TOO old and it felt like nylon in my mouth. Bad food for very high price. STRONGLY not recommended. For the money you'll pay in it, you would find a lot tastier and cheaper places.
Wait...so you're saying I can have a huge assed shish kabob dinner with rice and salad for $9 and I will be really, really full and satiated??  SOLD!! Found out about this place through ex-Yelper, Poly, so I had to check it out after her raves about it.  

Almost every dinner entree is less than $10 except for the kabob combo and the lamb chops and MAN is it a lot of food!  Lunch prices for dinner!  Get double the portion of what you'd pay at most Greek joints!  

I had the kabob sampler for $10.50 which included a huge salad, rice, pita, 2 pieces of chicken kabob (thigh meat), 2 pieces of beef kabob, 1 chicken lula (grilled ground chicken) and a pork chop...not some dinky chop either..like a full meal deal pork chop!  Awesome.  Entree was also accompanied w/ a full grilled tomato and hot pepper which went great w/ everything.   

The menu is simple.   They just have a photo of what each dish looks like which makes it really friggin easy.  

Decor of the place is just simple and there's a cool outdoor hookah lounge which we didn't partake in this time around since we were starving.  

Can't wait to go back.  We already know what we're ordering the next time.  My wife is having the beef kabob/lula combo and I'm going for the salmon.
I ordered from SKH from the office for delivery. They delivered it within the time they quoted. Good Portions, Low Cost, and Tasty. I got the Combo Kabob (#19) $10.95 and I couldn't even eat it all. It will make for a good snack later. Not the best I've ever had, but i have no complaints. The salad (strong dressing) got ignored for the most part, not because i didn't like it, but what guy wouldn't rather get full on meat with a side of rice.
The lunch specials here are great. I had the lamb chops and it was surprisingly pretty good. Beef, chicken and lamb kabobs were also very tasty. The pork chops were very flavorful. The rice that they serve here is awesome (BUTTER BUTTER AND MORE BUTTER) . The lunch portions are huge. It comes with salad and rice. They moved to a bigger and much nicer place a couple of doors down. No frills Mediterranean place that is decently priced.
I'll be honest. It was our last night in Vegas, we were tired and lazy and had yet to pack. Thankfully, Shish Kabob house had slid their little flyer under our hotel room door.

The portions are crazy large, the hummus was tasty and it was delicious. Hit the spot.
Went to here for lunch today with my uncle who raved about it.  We ordered #19 with rice.  The meat was all cooked perfectly and the rice was delicious.  We also ordered a cucumber yogurt which was very mild and satisfying.  Would definately go again.
Great food, great value, big portions. Just Go!
The Lamb...OMFG THE LAMB!!! I'll have cravings of the lamb chops for the next few months thanks to this place.

Okay here's the story, Buddy and I planned on hitting up Mother's Korean BBQ in China town. I no longer felt up to it and decided i needed a Kebab (I dont care to me it's KE-BAB, i talk about KE-BABS with my British and Australian friends it's not a kah-bob it's KE-BAB). My buddy works around the area and orders delivery at least twice a week. TWICE A WEEK?! other then rice i dont eat anything twice a week willingly. We GOTTA check this place out.

We arrived at 9:45 and closing is at 10:00. The staff allowed us to dine in regardless of their closing time. Our waitress was brand new and possibly fumbled our order so another waitress came over to confirm everything. Now some would consider this an annoyance because they should have got it right the first time but i actually approve of this. It's better to ask again and get it right rather then follow through only to discover someone made a mistake somewhere.

We both ordered #19s (Combo Kebab) but with personal touches. 
I had a straight 19 which has Rice, Salad, Grilled Chili & Tomato, A Pork Chop, two of each Chicken & Beef Kebabs, and a Beef Lula kebab.

Buddy had the same but replaced his rice with half rice half fries, all beef kebabs, and a chicken lula.

We also had a side of lamb chops were were...what ever i'll say it...ORGASMIC 

Rice: had that classic flavor found in middle eastern, indian, and mediteranean cuisine. I have been unable to replicated and havent found a female of listed above ethnicity to date so the rice will still impress me until i learn it's secrets. 

Beef Kebab: Perfectly seasoned not too dry but not all that juicy. Had a lot of flavor and was very tender. Epic Win

Chicken Kebab: Same as the beef but with chicken. Epic Win

Beef Lula Kebab: Nice flavor but the texture is what got me, it seemed softer then burger meat but had twice the flavor. The overly soft texture didnt sit too well with me but then again i ate it all. Epic uh...not sure if i like it but there's no trace of it on my plate

Chicken Lula Kebab: Perfect just perfect, the flavors and most importantly the texture was perfect. Epic Perfection

Pork Chops: No impact No idea. All i know is it fits VERY nicely in the to go box. Not a small pork chop either mine covered nearly half the plate. Epic Breakfst

Side of Lamb Chops: Words can not begin to describe...Should have sent a Poet. In all seriousness i was ready to throw my entire plate on the floor and completely devote the next few minutes to munching on these lamb chops. We as Americans need to embrace Lamb more...Epic Lamb

Having a salad on the side is a very nice way to balance out the savory and the salty with crunchy tartness. The Pita bread wasnt fresh but i cant expect more when they stayed open late to accommodate us very close to their closing time. 

Overall two combo plates, two sodas, customization on one of the combo plates, and a side of 4 pieces of lamb chops for 40 dollars.

WAIT WHAT?!?! 20 quid per person?! that's a 22oz steak @ the Cortez Room...That's All you can eat Korean BBQ @ Sula...here 20 bucks not only got us each a combo plate but the Lamb too?! 

Sorry my other favorite place for cheap eats you've already been forgotten and replaced with Shish Kebab House...
Thank you, Tien N.  Without you I never would have ordered the lamb.  With your review, my girlfriend and I ordered 3 dishes: the lamb, the chicken, and the beef.  All were delicious.  We had the Baba Ganoush appetizer, and our server refilled our pita bread, which was unexpected.  We ordered that much food because there was a $35 minimum with our restaurant.com GC.  All told I spent $21 including tax and tip after the GC was deducted, with enough leftovers to last us well into tomorrow!
We decided to have some kabobs on a hot Saturday night. I didn't know what to expect since I've never been here before. Apparently they used to be in a smaller place and have now moved to a bigger place. After looking at the menu, I decided on the combination plate. The combination plate included:
1. Beef Lula- this was tender and juicy
2. Beef Kabob- also tender/flavorful
3. Chicken Kabob- too dry to fully enjoy it
4. Porkchop- overcooked and a lil too grilled for my liking
The rice was delicious, but I'm sure it had a lot of butter of salt. The salad was decent....a lot of onions, so if you plan on taking your significant other there, beware of onion breath!
Overall, I though it was just ok and if I go back I will just stick to what I liked and possibly try this lamb kabob that all the other yelpers are talking about.
Hahaha I love how confused we were and wondered if we opened the right door to the Shish Kabob House and had to ask someone in this banquet looking hall. The sign is to one side over by the exit door and not directly above the entrance. Because of the decor, I thought we stumbled into some sort of private hall.

It seems my comrades thought their chickens were more on the okay side so I'm drawing to a conclusion that maybe the red meats are the star? My beef kabob and lula kabob were pretty good and lamb is definitely to try next time. The LuLa was nicely seasoned and the beef kabob was tender and juicy. This isn't really "Mediterranean" but I guess it's easy to lump it instead of call this Armenian. Salad was good and fresh and added a bit of the "wetness" the meal needs, but I still think maybe the meats should come with a sauce. Rice is buttered and they use jasmine rice so it is soft and not dry at all.  The plate had roasted tomato which was yummy to mix into the food and had a roasted pepper which I thought was the usual mild sweet peppers most Mediterranean places give. Beware- its a spicy pepper and I took a big mouthful like an idiot. Delicious in small bites, but not so much in a mouthful...ouchie. 

Next time I'll see if they can do a small dipping cup of their cucumber yogurt. They had it on the back listed in appetizers so I didn't even know they had some sort of yogurt...I think maybe that would be the missing link to marry all the flavors together. 

For the big plate I had and a drink it was around $10 which was a good deal so this would be a good lunch spot for people in the area (like me). I will come back for the LuLa , that was pretty decent. I saw a mention of Chicken Tabaka...wasnt on the lunch so maybe I'll go during dinner to order that- been missing this dish.
First things first - I'm a huge carnivore and I consider myself a meat expert. I've pretty much tried it all and love it all. The meat here was yummy but my coworker and I had some meat that was "confusing".

If memory serves, I got #19. Some plate of awesomeness with beefy goodness and then some pork chop looking things on it (at least in the picture!). The waitress asked if I wanted lamb or pork, and I decided to go with the lamb based on Yelp reviews. The beefy things (kafta kabob + steak) were insanely tasty. Then came the "lamb". The sad thing is I'm still confused about whether I ate lamb or pork! I know, ridiculous! So it was pale and whitish like pork, but it had the size and taste of lamb (well sort of!). I've never seen white lamb so I'm uber confused? Neither me nor my carnivorous coworker could figure it out. LOL.

She got a chicken platter thing served with those chicken lula meatballs. She found them disgusting, I found them tolerable. Definitely not something either of us would order again. 

As others have mentioned, the decor is bizarre. You've got these casual tacky laminated menus, you've got decent prices but you're dining in what seems like a hotel ball room. A bit odd! 

Overall I'd go back, but I'd probably stick to the beef.
As always, generous portions, great food, good staff.  It's the best in town.
I had booked a reservation for a birthday dinner, four days prior to the actual dinner for party of 12. When I phoned back to change the time (the day of) the hostess placed me on hold.  The manager came on the line; claimed they could not find my contact information to inform me that they were already booked for a private party (though they did not inform me of the event when I phone to make the reservation). Very unprofessional! I regret making the reservation!
I had the combo kabob #19 $11.95 comes with a pork chop. chicken. beef. Lula..served with rice or French fries or salad The staff is great the food is good... great place to take a date
So it was stay and home and play game day, so we decided to order for delivery. This place was close by and I saw the reviews on it that it was awesome and I love kabobs, and lambs so hey! perfect right? NOT!

Ordered online for delivery. It says it will take 45min to 1 hour for delivery. We ordered 2 lamb and 1 beef. And hour and half later, nothing yet. Gave them a call and they said that the food just finished and was on the way. 20 more minutes passed... the driver called and was lost. 20 minutes later, got the food. At least they gave us a discount since the food took so long. The reason it took so long? It was WAYY overcooked. The meat was all dry and chewy and doesn't have much flavor. Defintely not impressed.

Maybe eating there is different, but not a good delivery experience. Food was cold upon delivery. Though the portion was decent, but not gonna try again.
Lamb Chops.

I never, ever, order anything else.  I don't care to. I don't need to.

There was a period where I ordered lamb chops from this place maybe three times a week.  Not a healthy period, but a damn enjoyable one.  I actually preferred to have them delivered, rather than to eat in the restaurant, because by the time they got to my house, the juice from the chops had flavored the bed of rice up quite nicely.  The salad usually is dressed a little heavily, but there are plenty of veggies and not just a bunch of iceberg lettuce.  

Price is LOW for chops this fine.  

Eating IN the restaurant is kind of an odd experience, as the mix of fine linen, diner-type menu, large screen TV's, and "exotic" foods can be jarring for some.  

But, whatever.

Lamb Chops.  Eat them.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would. And so would everyone I bring here to experience this amazing place. Most recent converts were my bro and two GF's. 

Before: 
Me, "This is the best Medit. food I've ever had." 
Them, "Oh yeah? We'll be the judge of this."  
After: Them: "OMG, this is the best Medit. food we've ever had!!!!"

We went for dinner, eat in. Had the "salad plate" which is all of the appy salads - babaganooj, eggplant caviar, hummus, etc... You want to lick the platters clean. Ridiculously good. Enough for 4-5 people to share.

The kabobs have huge hunks of juicy meat, the fries are pretty typical, but bro said the rice was great. The side salad is super yummy. 

Food = awesome.
Prices = CHEAP!! (esp. for the quality and quantity)
Cusomer service = I'd say they haven't nailed it yet. Just figure its a mom-n-pop place, they don't have a "customer service coach" to help them polish up the nuances of what makes us all happy to be waited on. 

Go for the food, and just chill re: customer service. They try hard, and that counts.

(PS - my first time there, I arrived in the late afternoon and ordered take out - it took awhile. Unless you want to wait at least 45min playing with your iPhone while you're food is prepared, do call ahead.)
I will never order from this restaurant again. Nor will I use any restaurant that offers online ordering through the 24 online company. First if we had been told that we would be CHARGED $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - YES THEY CHARGE YOU $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - I would have simply called in the order. Then we were telephoned by the restaurant over an hour after we ordered that they were out of Hommus. This is after we were promised delivery in 30 to 45 minutes. It took them almost two hours to get our cold food delivered. I will never walk in to this restaurant again and I will never order online through that 24 company for this restauarant or for any restaurant they work for! THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF!!!
I go out a lot and expect my water refilled, a smile from the waitress, oh...a menu and hopefully, good food.

This place has a weird dining room, more like a business conference room.  There were lots of customers waiting to pick up, waiting to order, waiting for food, waiting for their check.  

The food was not stellar so I can't say the food was worth the wait!  

The Gyros was not good and I was so disappointed.  The meat wasn't exciting, the tomatoes were lacking.  And the hummus was bland.

Now, if I were looking for young armenian men, this is the place.  But I'm not so, it's Not worth it.
So slowwwwwww. But pretty good gyro.
Went there for my uncles 50th birthday party. It is a restaurant we all know that but whoever said the food isn't good has something up their you know what. Amazing food & decent service!

I'll be going there again
We started out for Italian food and ended up at Shish Kabob House, a first visit for all five of us.

The door was open, and before we could even enter, the volume of the live music was off-putting.  I love it when a restaurant has good entertainment, and in this case the singer was a typical Russian entertainer - that is, she sang in a million different languages, and did it well.  What didn't work was that it was way too loud for the room, with its low ceilings.  Even when our waitress asked her three times to lower it!!

I was blown away by the prices on the menu.  Most of the entrees are only 7.95 - 8.95.  I felt like I'd gone back in time.  But all of us decided to order the combo plate, which was a huge portion consisting of chicken kebob, beef lula (a.k.a. kefta, ground meat) kebab, beef kebob, and I think pork chops, but the waitress said we could substitute baby lamb chops for the pork (she called it, humorously, the kosher plate).  That was 11.95.  It was served with an enormous portion of tasty rice, mixed salad, and very good pita.

We started with hummus and tabbouleh salad for appetizers; the tabbouleh was excellent.  The hummus was bland, and needed more garlic or other seasoning.

But the lamb chops - oh, what lamb chops!  Moist, tender, perfectly cooked.  In a word, stupendous.  The other meats were very good, too, and they will be tomorrow's dinner, along with still too much rice.

This restaurant is Armenian, as was our waitress, Sophie, who was excellent - friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  That is, until we asked for the check and presented two Entertainment coupons.  She refused to take more than one, even though Entertainment rules stipulate that you can use up to three per check, unless otherwise indicated.  We told her that there was nothing saying that they'd only take one, and she passed the buck to her absent boss.  Still, the bill was exceedingly reasonable, and split five ways, it came out to only $15 a person before tip, and that included the two appetizers, a beer, wine, coke, and a yogurt drink (sour yogurt with mint - yecch - but the friend who ordered it loved it).

For parties of 10 or more, they have a 7.95 special that is a full meal.  Amazing.  Imagine inviting 9 of your best friends to celebrate your birthday and paying the whole tab that comes to $80.  Unheard of!

I think we've found our new favorite Middle Eastern restaurant.  But next time we'll sit at three different tables!
I want to kidnap the chef and keep him all to myself! Being 1/2 Armenian on my Father's side, I know Mediterranean food. I have been cooking it myself ever since my Grandma from Armenia taught me as a child. Well the afternoon we ate here the food was fantabulous! I had the lamb kabobs and my husband had the pork kabobs. Both were served on a bed of "real" pilaf that was so good I could have licked the plate! There was also a salad on the plate with a slight lemon dressing. It was wonderful! A pita bread finished out the plate, and for the price it couldn't be beat! Truthfully, I have never had food this good except when Grandma made it!  P.S.  Keep your hands off the chef, he's mine! :)
The service and food quality needs improvement!
Amazing Armenian Food. The lamb chops are the best I ever tried. The service is excellent. The atmosphere and the mood just relaxing. Very very inexpensive for what it is. This place would be hard to top in my books.

Next time you are in vegas def a place to stop by for some amazing armenian food.
Super Great Food!!! The prices are not too shabby... My one flaw is the timelyness if your looking for a quick bite not the place or I suggest ordering before you come. (The food kinda takes a hot minute but it is worth it!!!) I've brought plenty of friends and they all love it. I also used them to cater my big 3-0!! Again everyone loved it!! Doesn't really matter what you order I've tried everything and it all agrees with my palate! Cheers!
The food is awsome! I have been ordering take outs for about year during lunch time and never have problems. I eat in a few times, but it was always at lunch. So, one day, we decided to stop in for dinner with my wife and two kids. We first arrived at the restaurant and no one greeted us. We sat ourselves since they seemed busy. Another 10 mins gotten by, and no one even greeted us or gave us the menu. Then, another 20 mins, we left. No one bother to say goodbye or anything. Guess what? We are not coming back for lunch anymore. Nope, not only that. All our co-workers are not coming back either. Learn to teach your staff how to serve, if you dont care, we are not coming back.
Really good and priced right! Love the Filet Kabob!
I tasted a few Mediterranean foods and I have to say, this was the best restaurant to serve it!

I have to be honest, I was skeptical. I've had my fair share of mediterranean foods and I have to say, they weren't all that good. And I love food.

But I was very hungry especially when I haven't had my breakfast and it was close to 1 PM (plus with only 2 hours of sleep) I was willing to eat and try anything.

They interior decor was really nice. It certainly didn't felt like Las Vegas, but it didn't felt I was home either. We sat out on the patio, between the hookah lounge and the restaurant. It wasn't hot for some reason (we expected it to be).

Our waitress was a lady thats been working there for 12 years. (insane!) First thing I wanted, w-a-t-e-r!  (I chug down 2 large glasses of water before my order came out!)

I couldn't make sense what the menu entrees and I complained a little bit about it. My friend took it serious and told me to get the kabob with a choice of different type of meats. I chose lamb (because I haven't had lamb in years). After 2 glasses of water, our food finally came out. I have to say, they weren't the most presentable foods I've seen. They look like one long turd with a side of pilaf rice. After my first bite though I have to say, I don't recall looking up to my fellow travelers and talk with them until I finished my dish... the whole thing.

Very full filling, food coma status.

I do recommend this spot. Go there before you hit the casinos and hotel, it's a spot you must try!
Grew up in glendale...so i have an automatic dislike for everything Armenian...I've had persian in various places and even the real deal shit in Istanbul next to the blue mosque..I can say I'm pretty fucking qualified in Kabobs.

First time, ordered the number 7 (beef and chicken kabob)it was blah..and would even consider giving it 2 stars. No taste and had to put crazy amounts of sumak just to be edible.. The rice was overcooked and tasted like microwaved uncle bens. 

Second time...OMG. perfectly cooked meat...perfect rice....HOT, WARM falafels...it looked the same but all my complaints instantly vanished.

AWESOME AWESOME.

Eat here and love ARMOS for LIFE!
Solid kabob place. Absolutely zero decor in the place, but it's huge an cheap, which is great for big parties.
Don't waiste your time or your money. Went to a Christmas party as this place and not only did the food suck, the service was even crappier. There were 20 people in my party, they only had a table made for 15. Anytime we asked for additional drinks or when our food started to get low we were given attitude by the waitor/waitress. The lamb was overcooked and the other meat portions couldn't be any smaller. Needless to say my whole office was very dissapointed!
This place has the best kabob in Vegas.  They even deliver to me at Panorama. I have only used them for delivery as I have never ate at the restaurant so I can not comment on service.
WOWZA!!! WEe had family in town (Russian) and they wanted more authentic type of food so yes of course Shis kabob House was our first choice! I was completley surprised that the portions for the price were HUGE!! The rice was perfect (hubby did ask why can't you make rice like this... ) lol Definitley will be going back there before the week is over!
After having a craving for some fresh meats I took my boyfriend here last night. And while it's not my first time going to Shish Kabob House, last night made me a set in stone fan who will definitely be visiting on a frequent basis.

NOTE: I did notice that they had new menus printed and the prices went up just a tad recently. Nothing that would make me leave though, considering that I was surprised with how cheap they've been in the past. But I thought I'd let you know that the orange menus in the pictures are not the most recent prices.

The restaurant is in a simple room which holds a nice ambience, something my boy and I both really enjoy. There's a small stage up front on which they occasionally have live music and two TVs on opposite walls.

We started the evening by being greeted and seated immediately and ordered some hummus with pita ($4.95) for our appetizer. The pita is brought out warm and the hummus smooth and flavorful. If you happen to run out of pita before the hummus they'll bring out some more too ~

The entree menu consists of a standard plate that has salad, your choice of rice, fries or half/half, and then your choice of meats which covers practically the whole spectrum. Beef, Chicken, Lamb, Pork, Salmon and Shrimp (and there's even some "American" eats if you happen to have someone not so adventurous in your group). In the past I've always ordered the Lamb kabobs ('cause really, how often do you get to eat lamb?) while I sampled from my friends' plates, but I think I've officially found my regular. ($8.95 - $14.95)

 #19 ($13.95) - Beef & Chicken kabob, Beef lula and a Pork chop, which I found out from our waiter could be subbed for 2 lamb chops! Perfect! I snatched up that plate while my boyfriend order just lamb chops ($14.95).

Now let me say... those lamb chops are the reason why I'm writing this review. When something blows me away, I have to tell others, and while I did have to wait extra long for my chops, our waiter said the perfect line when he brought them to me. "Belated, but delicious!" He couldn't be more right. I was sorry when each bite was over; The meat was tender, flavorful and perfect. Those lamb chops were seriously one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of eating.

Overall I can't say anything better about this place. It's nice for a casual lunch or even if you're taking out a group for dinner. The prices are reasonable enough that you don't have to feel bad if you want a full course meal and they constantly have Restaurant.com certificates available so you can't go wrong. The portions are generous, delicious and while it may take time to get your food out, you can tell it's because everything is prepared fresh. I dare you to leave this place hungry! :]
I was so Excited to try this place after receiving a flyer from a gentleman going around my complex. After living in San francisco for so long I had high expectations. 

Epic Fail! Really sad to be honest with you. I ordered a Lamb & Chicken kabob combo(Custom), roommate ordered the Salman & Shrimp (#9) combo and i ordered a Chicken Tabaka ( #12) for later. Would have been a somewhat reasonable price if there was any flavor. Absolutely no love went into this creation. Not authentic what so ever. 

Rice: Regular white rice, slightly fried making it oily. No seasoning on it at all
Chicken & Lamb Kabob: No flavor and REALLY dry. I ended up feeding it to the dog.
Salmon & Shrimp: Roommate said the salmon was over cooked, no flavor on it whatsoever. 
Chicken Tabaka: Regular roasted chicken lacking  flavor and moister. 

This place could be AMAZING! The Mediterranean has a plethora of spices. Why aren't they being used here? 

SILVER LINING and why i gave this place 2 stars apposed to 1: The Lady answering the phones was extremely nice.
CALL IN ur order and pick it up 20 minutes later. The food is REALLY GOOD, but the food takes forever to come out. Which in a weird way I prefer because at least I know it wasn't sitting there ready. Oh and if u want to order, u have to be agressive and get their attention, otherwise ur sitting there forever.
Yummy and better then every others..
We had this food catered in by a drug rep and man oh man was it good.  The beef lula was all the rage as was the rice.  Not sure what they put in it, but its addictive.  The hummus and pita bread was delicious as well.  I now go here on a regular and have not been disappointed.
Pretty good food. Their gyro was just a tad over par, and their service was consistently excellent. Hummus was pretty bomb-diggity. Check it out!
This pains me so. To only give a place I love(d) so much a TWO STAR rating., but I must. This isn't based on just one visit, but the aggregation of my last five visit over the previous few months.

What sealed it was during tonight's dining experience. There was a younger couple next to us that was seated maybe two minutes before we were. By the time we had left, maybe an hour and ten minutes later they still hadn't received there food. Turns out the cook "dropped" the young lady's meal and it had to be remade. It was dj vu. 

You see the last time we had patronized this establishment one of the guests in our party had the exact same thing happen to him. Coincidence?  Hardly. I think they expanded the dining room and the kitchen staff just can't handle it. 

Tonight two of the five entrees came out about five minutes after everyone else's. ALL THE FOOD WAS COLD.  Sending it back really wasn't an option as it took roughly 45 min to get it in the first place.  The rice was soggy , chicken and steak cold, and salad was soggy.

Again, very disappointed on the last few experiences at what is now most likely not my favorite kebab place.
After visiting about 10+ times I would recommend the first thing you MUST do after seating yourself (which I like because I want to sit somewhere where I can't hear the neighbor's conversation) is that you MUST ask for Sophie. She is the best waitress there and will make sure your food is well prepared and warm when you get it. She is always good about refilling drinks and always knows what to recommend when you don't know what to get. As far as the food goes portions are a good size and cheap. I have tried the chicken and beef kabob as well as the pork chops all of them very tasty and delicious. I don't usually eat pork because I don't like the flavor, but their pork was the best ever cooked to perfection. My favorite part of the dish would have to be the rice and the salad mmmm... scrumcious!!! Oh and the roasted tomato is the best. Food has always been fresh and great tasting. Another plus is there is always entertainment, whether its the TV or live I love their music. If you are a coffee lover you should try the Armenian Coffee for dessert., small portion but tastes REALLY good. 

Sophie makes this review a 5, otherwise I would say a 4.
this place is too good to miss it.We ordered delivery recently couple of times and their food is great and packed with flavor and not to mention HUGE PORTIONS..I havent visited the restaurant but I am sure eating the same food in the restaurant tastes even better than in the take out box..
This place is Amazing!  One of the Best Kabob House's I've ever been to!  We eat here EVERYTIME we come to Vegas!  If I could give them more than 5 stars I would.  They are amazingly friendly and accomodating, never mind having some of the best Food known to man... I wish they would open up a store identical to this one in SoCal.  The amount of business they would get would be out of control!  They have delivered to us on the strip and in Summerlin!  Our entire family has ordered from here and has enjoyed their very good service.   Try them out and you'll be impressed!
#1 Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is amazing, the place is great and the service was excellent. I will definitely go back.
I had my 2nd visit to this this yummy place last Sat. night (July 14, 2012)  I went with a friend in fact the same friend I had been with before.  We were both excited because the food had been so good on our previous visit.  We walked in and there was an solo Entertainer in the front and we asked if we could sit towards the back so it would not be so loud, which they were happy to do for us.  Our charming waiter took our drink order right away and brought them right back and took our order.  We ordered two appetizers, Hummus and Tabbulhu (sorry about the spelling)  then we order the beef and chicken kabobs.  Our appetizers came and the portions was huge !!!  They were delicious and fresh.  Our meals came, same thing , huge and perfect, meat was so tender, seasoned well, the salad that came with it was delicious.  Our meal was perfect.  The place was slamming, it was packed with people the whole time we were there.  Our waiter did a good job especially with the crowd he had to deal with.
The location is a bit strange, but once you find it and know where it is you will surely be back again and again, like I will.
As far as price point, the place is cheap, my kabob meal was 9.95 and I had enough to take home with me.  Appetizers were 4.95 each and we both took some of those home there was so much left, believe me this place is a deal.
The Shish Kabob house is a wonderful family oriented dining experience. A visit to this restaurant was a special treat because I was dining with my sister, brother-in-law, and my darling nephew! 

Of course, dinner was delicious with the first courses being hummus (great texture and flavor), tabuleh (fresh herbs, bright flavors, and a zesty diced tomatoes), and cucumber yogurt (finely diced cucumbers with creamy texture) Overall, I'd give the appetizers a solid 3.5 

For  my main course, both my nephew and I ordered the lamb chops. Our entree came with a side of Greek salad (the salad was a bit wilted and the dressing was bland), Roasted tomato and jalapeno (perfectly charred), rice (a bit soggy), and lamb chops (my medium rare order was actually served medium well, and my nephew's well done order was so over cooked that  even one of the bones split in half when he picked the lamb chop up). However, even though they were over cooked, they still tasted good with only a mild gamey flavor. Overall, I'd give the main entree a 3.0

The service however was excellent. Our server was attentive and persistent. He had a cheery demeanor, happily provided us with our special requests (extra lemons ~ great drizzled over the lamb chops, and tabasco sauce for my brother in law's lula kabob.) Overall, I'd rate the service a solid 4.0

Lastly, the ambiance was very nice. They had a birthday party celebration and the restaurant was fully booked which my have accounted for the food being over cooked as in previous dining experiences, according to my sister, the food was much better prepared. 

Tips: They accept Restaurant.com gift cards, bring a little extra soy sauce to complement the rice (my nephew's advice), and request for the salad dressing to be served on the side. Also, they have live entertainment on Saturdays which would make for a great date night! 

Price: 
Appetizers $4.95
Entrees: $7.95 - $14.95
Beverages: $1.50 - $3.00
Wine & Spirits are also served

Food Paparazzi's Overall Score: 3.5 
Would I come back? Yes (Great value and good times!)

FP Signing out! Chow Baby! :)
I usually error on the side of less stars but for Shish Kabob House i'm erroring on the side of more stars.  This food is great.  Every time i've eaten here my meal is excellent.  The hummas and pita are great.  The meats are spectacular and the rice is also wonderful.  Ok, here are the negatives:  1.  Service can be god aweful slow.  2.  When they have private parties or big catering jobs they don't open the restaurant. 3.  No liquor licence.  Other than that, I love this place.
I went to lunch with the folks and was pleasantly surprised. This is not your average shish kabob place. I have never eaten anything so good. It was wonderful.

Great food , great service, convenient location to everything in Las Vegas ... I will definitely mark this as one of my favorite places to eat!
This is one of the best middle eastern places in town, easily.

All the small dishes like the hummus and salads are fresh and flavorful. The entrees are also great. You end up, every time, with more food than you know what to do with. For two people, I'd recommend getting one entree, hummus, and the Armenian salads. Entrees are usually composed of plenty of meat, a salad, a ton of rice or fries, and a roasted tomato. Oh yeah, and a pita bread. It's a lot for $8-9.

The downsides: you don't have a lot of choices in terms of what to order. Also, the service is slow and inconsistent.

The place is a bit invisible if you've never been to it before. They've steadily upgraded the interior over time. Really great place for take-out. Definitely worth eating there if you're in the area.
I took the family over to have dinner after some good recommendations from friends.  It's now my top choice for Mediterranean food.  I ordered hummus and tabouli salad as appetizers.  Both were excellent.  For the main course, I ordered the salmon/shrimp plate, the combo plate with 3 or 4 different meats, and a gyro dish.  The dishes were all very good (except the lukewarm steak fries that came with the gyro) and the portions were huge.  Prices are very reasonable; in fact, I don't know how they can give you so much food for the $7 to $13 I paid for the dishes.  

I would definitely go back whenever I am in the mood for some Mediterranean food.
Saw this place from the street and stopped in to give it a try. I was totally surprised when I walked in. The place is big, with modern decor. There was a stage and microphone set up, so I guess they do live entertainment (I was there for lunch). The food was amazing. I had the chicken & beef kabob with hummus. The portions are more than generous and the staff friendly. I will definitely be back for more!
The food is flavorful and healthy.  My wife introduced me to the Shish Kabob House.  Some drug reps brought it to her work a few times.  She brought home some left overs.  We love ethnic food, but rarely eat Mediterranean style cuisine.  We started with an order of Humus $4.95.  I think that is too much for humus, but it is really good and there is a lot of it.  The humus comes in a large tub and they constantly refill the pita basket.  It is a lot of food.  You will be tempted to fill up on it while waiting for your entree.  The food takes a really long time to come out.  They are so slow.  While waiting we admired the dining area.  Seems to be well decorated.  Not many guests, but lots of family hanging around.  Turns out the place is Armenian, not Greek.  I know nothing of Armenian cuisine, but seems the same to me.  The food finally arrived and the portions were big.  Everything seemed super fresh.  The meat and grilled veggies were hot, juicy, and flavorful.  I love this food.  Plus, grilled items are healthier.  The meat was so juicy, not dried out.  The jalapeno pepper was hot.  I like slicing the tomato on the bed of rice.  The juices run and the rice soaks up the flavor.  I ordered the #19 Combo Kabob $14.95, which came with one pork chop, four pieces of beef kabob, and four pieces of chicken kabob.  Although it was good, I liked the pork chop the least.  My wife ordered the #5 Beef Lula Kabob $8.95.  It is like an uncased sausage grilled on a stick.  The seasoning was wonderful.  I think all entrees come with a Mediterranean salad, pita, grilled tomato, grilled jalapeno pepper, and white rice.  We could not finish the food and had to get a to-go-box.  I could not leave without a piece of baklava.  It taste good, but one little piece cost $2.95.  I think that cost too much for such a small piece.  I really, really like this place and recommend it highly, but beware, they are so slow and some of the pricing is a bit high.  (Entrees are priced fairly, but appetizer and dessert are a little high.)  Also, we went back twice since then and every time the food was so, so slow.  Don't try to squeeze this place in for a work lunch.
Really nice place, staff ( all waitresses ) very pleasant and efficient. Sad to say that out of such a large menu only ONE dish was Halal! So my wife and I settled for lamb chops. AWESOME
After being in Vegas for a week now, and will be here for another week, I was craving for some good Armenian food and found this place on Yelp. 

Coming from L.a, and being Armenian, my standards are pretty high when it comes to our food. Glad to say, this place did not disappoint.  Food was delicious(had beef and chicken kabob). Plate came with rice and salad.

They have a really nice alcohol menu, the place was nice and clean and the service was on par.

Definitely will be going back to pig out again!
They have the worst service! When you order your food, you better be prepared to wait forever! I ordered two dinners and it took them 45 mins to get my food to the table. Then I complained to the manager and he said they are busy but didn't make me feel better. I have eaten here many times but I don't see my self coming back due to the lack of service and the chef takes too long to cook. The food taste good but not worth the wait.
Being a very  picky person on food this place is dazzling, the greatest kabobs ever.
The staff is very quick and professional. Plate came with good portions. They have a good alcohol menu. I liked the enviroment with live music, very cozy. Would definetly come back.
My first thought as I walked into Shish Kabob House was "What a weird setup." The room is very large and open with a small stage and TV on one end and there are plenty of tables - it kinda reminded me of a cafeteria with tablecloths and cigarette-singed seats. The food on the other hand, is frickin' delicious. Comparably good as some pricier mediterranean joints. Must try their grilled meats like chicken and steak kabobs. But what keeps me coming back? Their lamb chops. Perfectly chargrilled, flavorful, not at all gamey and super cheap. For around $15,  around 4-5 chops with a generous helping of salad and rice is an awesome deal.
almost every week i have to be in shish kebob house they are really professional taste of the foods and environment is very friendly and you may find any food from middle east my favorite food is number 6 I like lamb chops also.
servers are very neat and nice shoghik  and a latina girl they normally helping me which they are really nice to costumers actually all of them, they are really professorial, and food is the best I seriously recommend this restaurant to who ever wants to eat Mediterranean  food .
this is the best of Mediterranean restaurant at this time in las vegas.
Three years of living in Vegas and passing by this place atleast a dozen times, thinking I've got to try this, well, today was the day. Assuming it is a "Middle Eastern" restaurant, the waitress proudly mentioned it is actually an  Armenian Restaurant, but most of the dishes are interpretations of popular  "Mediterranean dishes".  I stand corrected, seriously, I appreciate the correction.  

Let's start from the beginning.  Waited to be seated about 2 minutes, but was graciously welcomed once acknowledged.  While waiting, I notice the decor was tasteful, simple, yet warm and the lighting soft, which distracted for the asbestos drop ceiling.  We were then seated and no one came back for atleast 10 minutes. I really wished someone would have dropped off atleast water and asked if we had any questions, but when the waitress came, her full attention was on us. 

At first, I wish the menus were a bit more sophisticated than a two-sided laminated 8 x 11 page with low resolution pictures and prices...even the wine menu looked like more effort was spent on it, thought it was also a laminated page, just better paper.  However, given the price point of the food (bargain!), pleasant setting, and nice service when attention is on you, who really cares?

We ordered our alcoholic drinks and our main entrees.  The wine list has ordinary wines (Yellowtail, Columbia Two-Vines), but all so had a few wines from their homeland.  However, regrettable I ordered a Two-Vines Merlot instead of trying Areni (Sp?), a dry red wine from either Armenia or neighboring Georgia.  My husband initially ordered a beer listed on their menu, but no longer have, the waitress sweetly and proudly convinced my husband to try one of their Armenian beers, which he was pleasantly surprised at the quality and taste.  Wines are pleasant prices around $5 bucks, beers are even a bit less.

It took about 5 more minutes to receive our drinks and wine, and about 20 minutes to receive our food.  I took this as a good sign that the food was cooked to order, when ordered. I had the lamb chops.  The waitress happily obliged my request to substitute additional salad for rice or fries.  My husband ordered the Beef Lulu and beef kebab.  The food: Beyond expectations, it came out hot, freshly made/prepared as requested, and very, very tasty, especially given the price point.   Honestly, I have been at restaurants that have lamb chops on the menu which are half the portion at twice the price, and nothing was prepared as well as Shish Kebab House....even my husband devoured my other two chops as he constantly expressed that they didn't taste "gamey".  Thanks hun, for finishing off my lunch tomorrow.  (LOL)

I love the waitress' confidence and pride in the food she served.  She chuckled as she confirmed we were pleased with our dishes, since there was nothing left on our plates.  What she doesn't even know is that we weren't even "hungry" yet we "managed" to finish our food.  

While service is a bit slow for my liking, the waitress was polite and there is no denying this is good food for a good value.  You will not be disappointed and you will be a fan too! I cannot wait to come back!
Love the kabob combo plate with pork.
Not sure why this place only has a 3.5 rating, everything I've tried here is amazing. From the hummus to the rice, everything is delicious. I especially enjoy the chicken, beef, and pork chops. The rice is creamy with butter and melts in your mouth. This is definitely a great place for a healthy eating lifestyle.
The hummus was quite good but the service and entre were horrible. The food was all over cooked and when I requested to have a replacement they said that the kitchen is closing soon and I should just deal with it. I complained to the manager and he was so rude and actually told me that he didnt care if I ever came back. Dont bother not worth the trip.
Yummy kabobs!
Lamb chops were delicious but the side  dishes were not so great. Rice had no flavor and salad was store-bought. Atmosphere inside the restaurant is lovely.
I saw a friend check in here and decided that I had to try this place as I am a big fan of kabobs. I stopped by to order some food to-go and was pleasantly surprised with a very nicely decorated restaurant. I was greeted once I walked in and ordered a beef lula and beef kabob combination plates with rice/salad and a hummus appetizer. They have a wide variety of other combination plates that you can order at very reasonable prices. The hummus appetizer was a good size for the price as well and I would like to go back and try the eggplant caviar and some of the other meat combinations.

While I was waiting for my food, they did have a performer as well that was playing the keyboard and singing. Will definitely go back again to get food to go and will probably end up eating in sometime too.
We are fans of shishkabobs and have gone to several restaurants around Vegas for them. Hedarys has been our favorite for a long time. A friend recommended this restaurant and we drove 45 min to try their foods. We were not disappointed. In fact we were delighted to have found this restaurant. The foods were top notch and the service was good. The place was clean and spacious and not pretentious. We tried their beef, chicken and lamb Kabobs as well as their lamb chops. The meat was well marinated and cooked just right, tender, tasty, well presented in good amounts. The Armenian salad was great with excellent spices and was very fresh. The bread was fresh and warm. The only item that could be improved is the white rice without any seasoning, which could have been on purpose because of the seasoning  of the meats. We will be back. It ranks right up there with Hedarys in our book.
Tasty middle eastern food...service was great too.
TL;DR - This review is based on obtaining Take-Out.  Waited twice as long as estimated time, price of food was 3 dollars higher than told over the phone.  Service was unexpected and saddening.

I logged back onto yelp after two years just to write a review for Shish Kabob House.  Before I continue any further I would like to say that the food is definitely fine, however; much is to be desired in my opinion with the service.

Order: Chicken Lula with Beef Kabob.

Ordered at 11:59 am, I was told over the phone that this specific combination is not available on the menu.  The order taker re-assured me that it's fine, she will put it in and that my total will come out to be 9.95 since it comes as a "special order".  I am fine with this, any other order that relates to this one is around 9.95 and 8.95.  This is completely reasonable.  The order will be ready in ABOUT 15 minutes.

I arrive at the restaurant at 12:04, much earlier than anticipated.  One waitress (out of three) notices me after sitting for about 5 minutes and proceeds to ask me if I have been seated.  I inform her that I ordered over the phone and that I am aware it should not be ready.  She is friendly and acknowledges my comment and continues to do her job.   

The next time I check my phone is 12:22.  I look around and see there are a maximum of six tables occupied in the restaurant.  I sit for another three minutes, and that is when the same waitress is kind enough to check on my order for me.  12:27, a gentleman walks in and is immediately seated, and his food arrives a minute after himself.  I can only assume this gentleman had also ordered his food over the phone.  By this time I realize EVERYONE has their food.  At least two tables excluding the lone gentleman came after me.  

At 12:29:50 (which is what the receipt says) I am handed my check by the same waitress and am told that my total will be $12.92.  Absent-minded I hand my card over, but I catch myself as she is ringing me up.  

----------What occurs next is what I am most discontent over---------

Up until this point I have waited patiently for 30 minutes on an order that was supposed to take 15 minutes.  During those 30 minutes I watched as everyone got their food, people before I came in and after I came in.  

I stopped the waitress and explained that perhaps the price is wrong, and that I was told over the phone it was going to be $9.95.  Immediately I got a tone and haste that I only know too well myself having worked over two years in the service in industry; "I work here and I know I am right, let me not only prove it, but also now try to rush our interaction so I can continue my job."  I was not questioning her knowledge of the service at the store, and up until this point she was extremely friendly and attentive.  She proceeded to show me the menu and the $11.95 priced Beef Kabob and explain her reasoning, to which she stated three times in rapid succession the reason why it's $12.92 is because "it is an inconvenience for the chefs".  However; EVERY combos item (beef lula/chicken kabob, etc) is in the 8.95-9.95 range.  So how is it I am being charged three dollars MORE for a beef kabob/chicken lula combo if there are combos with a beef kabob only priced at 9.95?  I informed her again that I was told a lower price over the phone, and she curtly "apologized" for whoever took my order.   I was handed the card receipt and left at the counter, to which I signed and left the establishment with no acknowledgement or thank you.  

I don't mind paying for food.  I don't mind if I end up having to pay extra for someone else's mistake.   I don't mind waiting longer.  I don't mind watching everyone get their food before me even though they arrive later than myself.  

What I DO mind is being given horrible attitude for a mistake that was NOT made by myself.  Of course I don't want to pay extra for something that was originally going to be another price, and there should be an air of courtesy tied to that.  Our time could has easily been resolved is I was told, " I'm very sorry about that, our waitress made a mistake.  I realize also that your order took much longer than expected, allow me to charge you the price that was discussed over the phone.  However; for next time this same combination will cost you $12.92."

What I wrote above is acceptable service.  That is courteous service.  That is service that will make me return again and again.  I would return JUST for the same combination at $12.92 if that was the conversation we had. But that is not the case.  Instead I was treated as if "these mistakes happen often and that I need to suck it up and pay and leave."  If we weren't jostling over three dollars, they would have made way more in my return.

Although the food was fine, the experience left a very sour taste in my mouth.  I don't believe I will be headed back anytime soon.
I tried this place again 4 times in a row for delivery on my trip to Vegas and the food is even better than before.Their portions are huge and it delivers huge flavor.I started eating sea food recently and their salmon kabob is amazing.It so simple with just salt and pepper but the fish is fresh and tastes amazing
I dont know how they cook their rice but its probably a secret technique and you could just eat the rice as is.
Kraffi was very helpful on the phone and their delivery takes time, so plan accordingly
Must trys:-
Toubouleh,
Armenian Salad
Dolmas
Salmon Kabobs
Beef Lula Kabobs(friends recommendations)
Great job Shish Kabob House..you guys rock
It's unfortunate for you that serving good food I am forced to give you an OK.
The customer service is HORRIBLE.  I have decided to just order food for pick up and even doing it like this, I have to have an unpleasant experience.  They either mistake my order, or charge me different every time, or take forever bringing stuff to the table, or something....
I am not too sure if it is the culture difference or what it is, but the waitresses here are VERY RUDE.
The food is really good and I have to say it is probably one of the best Salmon kabobs ever and they have the best rice!  Their hummus is also very very good.  Even though I don't like their service, I order from here at least once a week because it is awesome food and it reminds me kinda what I ate back home in Colombia.
If you want to eat here, my advise is call to get delivery or just pick it up.  Deliveries take at least an hour!
Ugh!  This place used to rock. The Armenian salad was super salty, the steak in the #7 tastes like it had been marinated in soy sauce and was not very tender. The chicken had a rubbery quality to it. I really root for small business, especially when they put out an awesome product. Even with the restaurant.com GC, it wasn't worth it. Zaytoon puts out a much better product. I'll probably come back here, but probably not until 2014.
There was a large sign on the front door indicating the main dining room was closed for a private function and directing us to a second room a few doors down that looked like it was primarily used for small parties.

The room was pretty full for a Tuesday night with a steady stream of diners arriving throughout our stay, but service was better than expected. We each ordered a combo kabob plate that included chicken, beef and lula kabobs plus 2 lamb chops. Also included were pita bread, salad and rice. All the meat was cooked more thoroughly than we prefer, but the seasoning was delicious and each morsel was tender. The singular disappointment was the industrial pita bread that was dry and flavorless.
The food was delicious and the service was great! Our waitress was friendly, sweet and attentive. I couldn't ask for anything more.
Very nice and clean place.. The food was the best..
I been to this place several times. I loved food and service so much every time I go, and time to give them five stars and write a review! My friend and I order combination kabab,eqggplant caviar and hummus. Combination kabab is one that i usually get and it is with beef,pork,lamb and some kind of sausage looking meat loaf. Meats were cook perfectly and seasoned  just right! eggplant caviar and hummus came with flat bread. They are only about 5 dollar but it was big portion compare to price. Oh! I tried a yogurt drink which had very healthy taste(no sugar or flavor) but I liked it!
The food was ok but the reason this place received one star was because the customer service was by far the worst ever. I get there it took literally 30 plus minutes to get pita n hummus and a drink. There were maybe 3/4 other tables that's it. Took almost another 45 to get our food. The waiter wasn't attentive at all I had to wave him down every time. Horrible
This is my absolute favorite for Greek salad & shish kabob! When I want Mediterranean this is my go to place. 

I have used them for a business luncheon in the private room and the presentation was awesome and the service excellent. My group loved it and the feedback on the venue was very positive.
Great food, decently priced, and generous portions. However, I do not recommend ordering for pickup or delivery. My wife and I have ordered here religiously, (because we love the food) but the experience has been less than favorable. Delivery takes over an hour, which would be fine if the order was delivered as ordered. It seems every other order has been incorrect or cold. 

The last order we placed came 72 minutes after being placed, was cold and they had forgotten our beverages. I called to inquire and check on the possibility of the beverages being delivered, and the response I had gotten was that they wouldn't be delivered. My money would not be refunded. They offered to give me free beverages on my next delivery, but I'll never order again. There have been too many mistakes and inconsistencies with delivery, so I'd only recommend this location for a dine in experience.
My favorite place for kabobs in Las Vegas.  This is my 4th visit and the food, service and the prices are great.
Patience is a virtue.  Good things come to those who wait.  Get my drift.  Expect a bit of a wait for the food to arrive here even if you just order the fresh hummus which I do.  Everything is made to order.  So, the food tastes hot and fresh always.
This restaurant is as good as it gets!!! Great service, amazing food and the best beer in town! Price is right too! The grilled meats are amazing.... We shared chicken, beef and pork chops.... Superb!!! The tabeleh is a great starter! I recommend to anyone!!!
This place USED to be my go to for beef kabobs.  I didn't mind the wait since I know I'd be getting fresh and quality food. But not anymore. During our last two visits, their beef kabobs is not as fresh as it used to. Meat has a distinct off taste to it, texture wasn't right. Their rice is not the same either. Chicken is decent.
This place is damned tasty. The meat is tender, well marinated, and very reasonably priced. The rice it usually comes on is also delicious. 
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the menus look like those cheap fliers people leave on your car windows.
Solid four stars- killer for business lunch and get the lamb chops. Great with family also, just solid Kabob fare. Check them out during the weekend nights for so crazy Armenian music star to drop hey and do a set. It's a good time even if you don't like the music. I probably go at least once a month for a business lunch. Not disappointed yet. Page tan Armenian Salad with a kabob for lunch and always ask for the sumac condiment and some roasted jalapeos.
Salmon was delicious! Taziki and hummus was killer.. Chicken was a little dry. Service was impeccable! Will be back / still looking for spicy feta and more pita sandwich selection
Great food but only gets 3 stars from me because of their lousy service. And they keep raising their prices! The place is very busy most of the time, so the wait for the table or the food is very long. Order before you get there.
I living in Vegas for 3 years I tried a lot of Mediterranean restaurant. I are here after a friend recommend it and I'm just amazed big dishes big smilies.. And the food just amazing better then any other place... Highly recommended..!!
I was here with a big GROUP and i do not know how People give this place more than 2 stars!  The meat was overcooked, service slow and the place very rundown. Usually the reviews are spot on but this place was a complete miss!
I wanted to go to a casual Mediterranean eatery so I was a little set back when I saw how nicely it was decorated. I didn't want to pay top dollar for food that I know I could get at Yassou's for a decent price. My worries were put to rest when I saw the menu  because it looked really casual. It looked like a fast food menu with prices to match! 
I ordered a mix of beef and chicken with rice. When I first saw the rice wasn't yellow I wasn't sure what to think. (I was brought up on yellow Mediterranean rice with plenty of turmeric) The rice was delicious and the meat was tender. I thought. I would like the beef better but they were both equally yummy! The salad that came with the meal was fresh and crisp. 

The Shish Kabob House is a great place to sit down to great meal and it is affordable too!
Appearance can be very, very deceiving. From a little Mediterranean joint, this place came a long way. Very fancy decor and I believe they have live music instruments as well. I went there after seeing it a while back expecting the same corner food joint, instead we found a chic restaurant that looks like something you'd see on food network with the lack of a proper host and cloth napkin.

The food sucks and let me point out why. With appetizer (Domas), we were given the store bought and cold PITA bread (Notice the caps) with nothing to dip it with and with no butter. Rice with the order of # 7 were the type of rice they serve with Enchiladas. Chicken Kabobs were dry and the beef kabobs were unevenly cook. Some were well done while other were mid-well. Did I mention the paper menu which resembles the pizza menu you get on your door locks. Salad was just ok.

Service was somewhat impressive. Our server was very polite and gave a very professional impression. Halfway between ordering and getting our food, the music stops causing an uncomfortable amount of silence. 5 mins later, it resumed again. I couldn't actually tell where the music was from, didn't sound like Arabic or Persian. Could be Pashto.

In short, if you go for the food, don't expect anything close to Fresh Kabob on Sunset/Eastern where they serves fresh bread and Basmati rice. Pay $14 for plate with 6 pieces of Kabob look-alike Meat, rice you'd find in a Mexican taco shop with store bought pita bread but decor like a fancy restaurant at the strip. This is a classic example of when neighborhood food joints try to become a fancy restaurant and forget what got them a 3 thousand square-feet restaurant, THE FOOD.
I freakin' love this place! You must try it! I always get the chicken kabob with rice. Their food is amazing, and their prices are nice! lol
This is the 2nd time we visited Shish Kabob House. The first time, the service was really slow. We thought it might be different, so we came back a second time and the service was worse.

We had reservations at 6:30pm and we were seated right away, but we sat there for 20 minutes before anyone came to our table to take our order. We finally ordered 3 hummus & pita, 2 Greek salads, and two Kabob Platters (beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken lula kabob, beef lula kabob, rice , French fries.) They ran out of pork kabob. 

We finally got our water, hummus and pitas, and the Greek Salads, but we couldn't eat our salad because we didn't have any plates or utensils. We had to wait another 10 minutes to get our plates and utensils.

The food is pretty good, but I don't recommend going to this restaurant if you value good customer service. Unfortunately, we don't plan on coming back.
I don't really consider myself a regular at any Vegas restaurant but Shish Kabob House (SKH from here on out) would come closest to that for me.  I probably eat here at least 6 times a year.  I only get takeout and have never dined here.    

It is downright AMAZING that not only have they stayed in business this long but thrived.  When so many restaurants have come and gone since they opened, SKH has been consistently great for 5+ years and there really aren't any other businesses nearby that contribute to their success.  People come to this rinky dink plaza for their delicious food.  That's it.

I love their huge combo platter that's around $15.  You get salad, rice or fries, and just a mountain of meats.  Even though Armenia and Brazil are miles away from each other, I deem this platter (explosion!) THE POOR MAN'S FOGO DE CHAO ow ow ow ow!  You get lamb, steak, chicken and lula all in one box.  Sure it's not AYCE but congratulations to you if you can finish this whole thing in one sitting.  My wife and I split this.  It's also $30 cheaper than Fogo so double boom.

****Review #100 for 2013!!!
This place was gross. What is up with the gnarly middle eastern restaurants here in Vegas??? First of all who fries their meat skewers? Gross!!! And cold pita bread? I wouldnt recommend this place unless you want bland fried food!
Great food. You must try the salmon. The service is ok. It takes forever and the people working here never seem to be around. They weren't rude or inappropriate, just careless and nonchalant. I love the feel of the restaurant, not even close to what I expected. Much more upscale than you would imagine. Overall I am very pleased and when I have nothing to do but have a great meal I will certainly be back.
Walking up to the restaurant it was hard for me to figure out how to get inside. The first door I tried was locked and so was the second door I tried. I guess it was third time's a charm. I almost gave up thinking they were closed for a private party, but I persevered.

The restaurant is much larger than I was expecting. Very nice as well. They have a little stage near the entrance that, so I look forward to checking this place out on the weekends. Their menu is very well-priced. I was impressed with how inexpensive everything is. I ordered a gyro plate and combination kabob platter to-go. The wait was a little long and as I sat there I noticed a few patrons having to flag down the waitress to order, ask for menus, refills and drinks. The servers were all really nice and kept checking on me while I waited. 

After about 30-40 minutes, my food was ready, I paid my check and was on my way. When I arrived home, I was surprised to find the huge portions of the food. For about $23 and change I ended up with food enough for three people. The gyro was just ok, but our favorite was the kabob platter. It comes with your choice of 2 pork or lamb chops, some chicken and beef kabobs. It also comes with steak fries, a large side salad and some rice. So much food and so affordable. The meat was great, perfectly cooked, moist and very flavorful. 

I can't believe I have been passing this place for so many years without giving them a try. I will be back... and often.
This restaurant has been a family favorite for 5 years now. I first celebrated my sons 1st birthday there. My guests from California were impressed with the food and the service.  Over the years we have turned to Shish Kabob House for so many different occasions and have always been SATISFIED! Most recently my second child's birthday was a hit thanks to the owner and the amazing staff!!! I had them cater the food and provide all the rentals to accommodate my family event! I am left speechless!! Perfect, is the only word that comes to mind when I think of this place!! Highly recommend!
This place is the most delicious food I've ever tasded.  Every time I'm in vegas I'll pay a visit. Especially lamb barbecue. This place is great! I love the service, everyone should understand why the food is delicious? It's because they cook individually. Everything is fresh and delicious. Prices are great. I will highly recomend everyone. Go and you won't regret.
Food was awesome! Chicken kabob was seasoned to perfection and the hummas was delicious. Will definitely come back soon.
I was coming to this place often but today it was horrible, we waited awhile to be seated and we got seated it took them awhile to ask our orders, the service was bad, our waitress Rosie has no manners at all, she brought our food laughing with another waitress, and then later on she came back to our table to ask if we need something before I could answer that I need a drink refill she left and started talking to another customer. I don't know is she is new to waiting customers but she definitely needs to improve herself.
food was just ok nothing great, have had better lamb chops, liked dessert better than the entree
Great food, great service, a good place for a party. The gyros are really delicious. The beef Lula is the best in town. The lamb chops are my wife's and my mom's favorite. We never had a bad meal here. I highly recommend this restaurant. Even though I only have four check in's we must have been here at least twenty times.
Food was good. Service was shit. Waited about 20 minutes for half of the drinks we ordered, another 15 minutes for a water and iced tea. On top of that another 40 minutes for our food. Our server kept avoiding us and rolled her eyes countless times. First and last time here.
I love middle eastern food! Love their chicken breast kabob, tabbouleh and hummus! Definitely worth the visit! Huge servings! I would have given this a 4 star rating but the service is very slow.
This place is very good for the price.  I always get the beef lula and I only had a bad one only once.  I've been there 4 times now and the last time I went the lula and everything just didn't taste the same as the other times I went there.
Was looking for Turkish food with my father, place I found was closed on a Saturday, who the hell is closed on a Saturday? He remembered seeing a place when he and my mother drive around.

We found the place, very attractive waitresses, thoroughly impressed with the scenery. Though it did have a Russian mob feel to the place, like there were mafioso types in the back room plotting how to capture more women for the sex space business.

Either than the nagging feeling that these incredibly hot looking servers were being held against their will by the Russian mafia. The food was incredibly good. I would definitely go back in like 2 months to see if the wait staff has had a 100% turnover. Makes you kind of think... Hmmm...
Fair prices, food is ok for the price listed. Not giving a five star, as the last 2 times I have been there the chicken was uncooked. Overall they have the best spas soup in town.
Food is excellent, great prices, nice comfortable place, highly recommend it. Lots of parking, live music on the weekends. I got the combo dish you can't go wrong delicious and filling...
Waking in and the recent news purporting the death of the lounge singer is put to rest. Will get his name next time. And, let me assure you, there will be a next time!

First of all, pomegranate wine. A tad on the sweet side but worth buying a bottle. 
Where to go from there? 
Dinner salad was a dinner salad. Nuff said about that.
Lamb Kabob was great (thanks darling for sharing!).
I got the Beef and Chicken Lula. Chicken was moist and delish. Beef was the same.
I do think that I should have followed out hosts lead and got the combo platter. More variety. Lamb chops looked divine.
If it had been the wife with the combo plate, I would have sampled.
But... manners do have their place.
Way too much food to contemplate dessert so will plan accordingly next time.
Love the food! Best meat kabobs I've had.the rice is to die for ! The hummus is yum! So well worth it ..,but the service could be a little better, maybe faster ?... Usually order and take it home because my kids get restless waiting for a long time.
I love this place! Very fancy setting inside with live music in the evenings. Very surprising their menu is the same all day and the prices are very reasonable prices. I found this place originally on Restaurant.com. They have a $10 certificate for only about $4. Pretty good reason to give them a try, you won't regret it.
I have eaten at this place before and enjoyed it. I was close by so I figured I was gonna get something to go. I've sat in front for a good 10 min. The sign says please wait to be seated. A couple patrons arrived and waited for a couple minutes and decided to sit themselves. I have made eye contact with a couple waiters and they did not even make any effort to acknowledge my presence! There are several tables of customers but it didn't look hectic at all. I'm sure I can find a better Meditteranian restaurant and be treated better than this. I  never going back to this establishment.
Decided to stop by Saturday afternoon for a quick lunch.

We walked in, and were welcomed and asked to sit anywhere we'd like.  

Sat down, and waited...and waited...and waited...

Ok, it really wasn't THAT long of a wait, maybe 5 minutes or so, but...the restaurant wasn't busy, and there was a server just standing up at the front of the restaurant doing nothing.  

Our server finally came over and gave us menus, and took our water order.  

We asked the server for a recommendation on the appetizer, and she recommended the smoked salmon.  (After a brief misunderstanding about which two we were deciding on).  

When the salmon came out...it was glistening.  They had absolutely DRENCHED it in olive oil!  Why?  Smoked salmon doesn't need anything on it, its delicious on its own...my bf  and I tried one small piece each, and sent it back.  They sent another one that had far less oil, and tasted much better.

The hummus was ok. I've had better store bought hummus, but I've also had WAY worse.  There was a lot of oil pooling on the outside of the hummus dish here as well, but that doesn't really bother me too much...I've seen and had worse.  I'd have liked to have had just a hint more garlic in this batch of hummus, but it was good enough that my fella ate it, and he's not the biggest fan of hummus.

I ordered the grape leaves, which were very good.  
Although...I asked if they were vegetarian (not that I care, I was just curious, because I've had them both ways) and the server's response was:  "Oh, yes, vegetarian.  You know, just rice and meat."  Um...what?  Is there meat or isn't there?  

The redeeming quality, and what is keeping this a 3 star review instead of 2 stars, is the kababs. 

The beef and the chicken kebabs were both tender, juicy, and very flavorful.  
The rice it was served on was overcooked slightly, and the salad that they served with it (once again) had a touch too much oil, but the flavor of the meat was wonderful.

I'd like to try this place again, perhaps it was an off day?  They deliver, and are right around the corner from where I live, so I will definitely go back, or order in.
I order take out for business lunches here at least once a week through Restaurants On The Run (best service ever by the way), and this restaurant is consistently amazing quality for a fabulous price. Their catering menu is fantastic food at a super low per-person price. Beef is amazing. Hummus is my fave! Love this place!
The place was so packed, must be so popular. Our server Sophie is the nicest lady around, very attentive and accommodating. I would probably only trek here due to her personalized service. After a day at the pool on a toasty summer day, Mediterranean is the remedy. My gal and I started with the grape leaves, flavorful & yummy!!!! To pair with our bread we ordered the cucumber yoghurt, it's as if they diced the dill and added it there in front of us. Finally for the perfect summer cool, Greek salad with chicken kebab or salmon. The portion was huge and prices were reasonable. The only thing they could've improved on is that my chick kebab was a little dry and burnt....uh oh. Nonetheless, overall it was an experience worth having. We sat outside in these small cafe side tables, so quaint. Don't forget to try the lemonade with some fresh mint to cool you off!
We ordered from here yesterday, and it took about an hour for them to deliver to us. Overall I had a satisfying experience with this restaurant. Had the Chicken Finger, and cheeseburger surprisingly was very good and tasteful.
Fresh,savory,& tasty food...great customer services all staff very friendly.highly recommended! Hummus is great... #7
Yum hmm Yum tastes like the homeland. Authentic but modern with a relaxing ambiance. Great prices, high quality and good service. Thanks lunch specials are awesome. Musicians at night for a great eat and relaxation.
Horrible service! This place is stuffy and makes me very claustrophobic. Felt uncomfortable and was continuously eyeballed by two females with a unibrow. Not my cup of tea.
Good food but really slow service.. Only 2 server at 6 pm.. It takes 20 min to get only water.. People waiting at the door and no one doesn't care them..
Yes, I am now a Fan of this Shish Kabob House!
I recently asked a Russian M.D. for his recommendation for a local restaurant from his ethnic group. He suggested this place, and my wife and me were not disapointed whatsoever. Next time I plan to try the "Borsch" (Russian soup) and Quail.
This past weekend I enjoyed the chicken Tabaka, grape leaves, and Lentil soup....all very well prepared and delicious.
I love the combination plate, the salads and grill salmon.
Small friendly place good service too.
Amazing food! I was invited by a business friend who love this place and I am honesty going to say I will love this place too Lol. I like the interior as to me it's reminiscent of places I've been to in China, simple, open and clean. I like their design on the walls and open space provided a nice atmosphere. The servers were really courteous and my cup if water never emptied out. I couldn't drink half the cup of water without having someone refill it. I love that kind of service and great service goes a long way with me. The shrimp and salmon was great and their vegetables soup was a perfect appetizer. 

I recommend everyone try this place at least once. You might like it and you may not but I had a great time here with friends. It is on flamingo off Rainbow going east.
Affordable, authentic Armenian  food with generous portions. Lulu Kabob is delicious! Wish they would include saffron in the rice....will request it next time.
Very excited to review this place. The food was excellent, the service was pretty good (just slow on the drink refills, everything else was good), the atmosphere was nice. Live music and cozy ambiance. 

The salad was excellent, and so was the lamb kabob plate. Prices were great. Portions were HUGE! Overall when I'm in Vegas craving middle eastern cuisine I will be back.
We were visiting Las Vegas and decided to try this place out as we were craving kabobs and we are very glad we found this place.  When we arrived, they were very busy and there were a lot of Armenian people sitting and eating at the restaurant.  It is always a good sign that the food is going to be great when you see people of the same culture/ethnicity eating at a restaurant.  My wife ordered the lamb gyro and I went for the chicken & beef kabob platter.  It took about 30 minutes for the food to be prepared; but, given the plates we saw going to other tables, we were willing to wait.

When our food arrived, it was a lot of food; huge portions.  The chicken and lamb kabob was expertly seasoned and cooked.  My wife loved her gyro.  The rice and salad that comes with the entrees was a perfect complement the entree.

I wish we lived in Las Vegas so we could frequent this place often;but, the best I can do is to encourage and recommend it highly to others.  Oh, and the prices are really good.  The gyros platter was $8.95 and the beef & lamb kabob platter was $10.95.
It was our first time dining here the decor was very cozy and relaxed. We started our experience off with hummus and Lentil soup. The Lentil soup had to be THE BEST in Vegas. The Bread they delivered to the table with the hummus was fresh out of the oven so that was tasty. Now I am no Mediterranean food expert so I ordered the meat combination that had 5 different prepared pieces of meat. The server was friendly and explained the various pieces of meat. The food was simple but delicious. It was nice having a variety to choose from. The meat portions were just right not over bearing. I would definitely go back again.

In speaking with the server he told us that they have live belly dancers on Saturday nights. No mediterranean restaurant could go without the Hookah which they have on Wednesday nights with a DJ that sometimes goes till 3 in the morning. This is something to check out for sure.

I agree with the staffing level here it was pretty slim but when we went there was only 3 other tables. So it was completely manageable.
I love the babaganoush here. The kibbi is my favorite. Everything I've had here is awesome, and they also have a happy hour. Relaxed and chill little place, patio dining too. You can even catch a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights. They have a lil' hookah area if that tickles your fancy. If you do get food to go, check to make sure they've included everything. There's nothing like missing tahini sauce for your kibbi...makes me mad.
Khoury's was good the first time I went sense then I live close enough I've gone three more times each time not as good as the first, including the food.

The service also was really slow. I have deff. had a better pita. The first time I went though I really liked it. I am not sure if they'll improve or not but I tried enough times I don't think I'll be going back soon.
BEST RICE IN TOWN! I'm not as big on Lebanese food as I am on Persian food but their kafta is still real good.  Their rice is something from heaven, so good I usually order an extra side.  Also, their pita bread is made fresh right when you come in, soooooo nice!  Their service is great and friendly!
BEST RICE IN TOWN! I'm not as big on Lebanese food as I am on Persian food but their kafta is still real good.  Their rice is something from heaven, so good I usually order an extra side.  Also, their pita bread is made fresh right when you come in, soooooo nice!  Their service is great and friendly!
This place is apparently run by the same owner as Hedary's up on Sahara. Both have similar menus, except Khoury's is slightly more expensive. I like the bread better here, however. The free pita that they give and the dipping oil with spices is fantastic. The two definitely have better Mediterranean food than other restaurants in town, like Paymon's. I've had their specialty baked chicken, sandwiches, and moussaka so far. I've always been satisfied with what I order. The only time that I wasn't so impressed was with the house salad. It was rather plain. Otherwise, they serve good food and I agree with the other reviewer that their rice is delicious!
Wow!  Took a cab from the strip. Far away. 32$$ for the cab but worth the trip and cheaper than eating on the strip. Ordered lots of different things. Took people that never ate Lebanese and everyone enjoyed it!!!
While the food at Khoury's is plentiful, and flavorful, the service is beyond bad. On the 4 occasions that I have eaten here we have had to wait for over 20 minutes just to have water brought to our table. On a few occasions the owners son was serving tables. This would be okay if his son were not 10. I'm sorry, but I do not go out to have a 10 year old serve my food to me. His hands were dirty and his manners were very poor. 

The owner also does not seem to care about the service. On our last visit when I mentioned that we had to wait so long to be greeted and brought water at our table, he simply smiled and said that if we didn't like it to never come back. I smiled back and told him that I would take him up on that suggestion and while I was at it pass the suggestion on to a few others along the way. 

Stay away from Khoury's, unless you like dirty little 10 year olds with poor manners serving you your food.
I came here for a dinner recently and we started off with this numerous assortment of appetizers. It came with little dishes of pickles, hummus, okra, green beans, salsa type thing, and you eat it with puffy pita bread that comes right out of the oven. The pita bread is SO good, fresh and hot. I had the chicken salad with a lemon olive oil dressing. It was ok. One the ground sirloin to me was not that good and reminded me a bit of lamb, maybe it was the herbs but I didn't enjoy it. The rice is good and we had a pitcher of pomegranate sangria which was pretty delicious. If I get come back here, I'll be sure to try the Hookah here.
I had lunch takeout. Their pita bread is REALLY good. Right out the oven, fresh hot and delicious. Hummus has pickle and pickle juice in it. Thought that was a lil different. Taste not bad though. I got the beef kabobs. I really like the rice, but the kabobs were just ok. I didn't like the dessert Sabiet(?). Not good, not worth $6. This place has spacious setting, outdoor seating. It's a pretty relaxing place. I live so far from here, but I would drive here for their food. Thumbs up for this place.
I went here on eevening after wanting to go for some time. I was very disappointed. Things were not very clean...tables had residue on them as if they use dirty rags to wipe them down, and then they miss a lot of food still stuck to the tables. I ordered steak and it was about as good as a steak you would expect at Denny's. But it was quite spendy! I will never go again!
I really like this restaurant. I am vegetarian and often look for very good and satisfying salads... Khourys salads are so good. All of them. The lentil soup is yummy and light and they have homemade fresh whole wheat pita bread which is steaming goodness. I am always very pleased after a meal at Khourys
Went here for lunch with a buddy of mine and had a pretty good meal.

I tried "Fool" for the first time, and thought it was pretty good.  I don't know how it stacks up against other Fool though.   My soup mid course was very good and the main course of lemon peppered lamb over hummus was good, all though it was a little cold.  This was no doubt influenced by it being on bed of refrigerator cold hummus.  

All that being said, the friendly service from Sunny and a generally pleasant atmosphere made for a nice experience.
How they make their pita bread puff up like a butt cheek is beyond my baking intelligence. Tip: Eat it fast or it, will, get, crunchy!

Serving Lebanese food in the midst of every chain you can think of is a pretty good plus in my book. Why the 3 stars? Welp, the food basically satisfies your baba, kefta, falafel cravings. There really isn't any other shtick aside from the butt cheek bread that makes this place that unique. I think Paymon's is still way better!
I found Khoury's on my nifty BB yelp App this weekend during my annual Vegas trip. We were sick of QUICK food between our pool parties and clubs, so we decided we wanted something healthy, wholesome and delicious. We love Mediterranean food and the ratings looked promising so we decided to try Khoury's. Could it have been written in the stars that Khourys was only .5 miles away from the Vegas house?! Perhaps! 

A dimly lit restaurant where you can see the wood fire oven as soon as you walk in and feel the warmth emanating from it upon entering the establishment. The music was middle eastern sounding, and the familiar aromas of Lebanese cuisine pranced around my senses. We sat and looked at the menu that was rather full of variety. 

The salads were enticing, but when I saw the pizza choices I became curious as the descriptions were beginning to win me over. The BF wanted a Gyro, and suggested we share two meals. It was a great idea and I decide to order the veggie pizza, which came with feta and kalamata olives and TONS of veggies. We ordered the hummus to start. They brought us seasoned olive oil, FRESH pita bread that was DIVINE and some INCREDIBLE hummus. It was RICH and creamy, you could taste the tanginess of the lemon, the olive oil and the parsley. I LOVE the pickled beets they use to adorn the hummus. Absolutely fantastic. The pita was grainy, soft and fresh. It tasted amazing in BOTH of the hummus and oil. I couldn't decide which I liked better so I kept switching. 

Our food came out and the pizza smelled even better than it sounded on the menu. The vegetables were cooked to perfection. Not to crunchy or firm and not soggy and overcooked. It was bell peppers, squash, mushrooms, tomatoes, feta, kalamata olives and tomato sauce. The crust was awesome. Thin and soft. I was VERY impressed. I loved the feta cheese and kalamata olives on the pizza. It was different and the bold flavors always strike my palate. 

The gyro was awesome. It was sort of "pressed" instead of in a soft pita, so the outside was crispier. Definitely a texture we appreciated. The gyro meat was flavorful and complimented the flavors of the cucumber on the tzatziki. The fries were softer, they tasted EXACTLY like potatoes. Weren't over seasoned and appeared to be BAKED instead of fried. 

Overall this place was lovely. The ambiance, the staff (who I didn't elaborate on but they were VERY polite and didn't miss a beat with our service.) The food was excellent. Mediterranean food is definitely one of my favorite types of cuisine, and this one is a place I will SURELY revisit.
About a 3.5 would be more accurate. Our hummus had more personality than our waitress which knocked down the stars a bit. Act like you like your job and your customers and your tips would get larger, I promise.
Started with the hummus which was quite good and had a neat presentation to it. Wifey had the chicken swarma sandwich and she thought it was good for her first time having it. I had a gyro, minus the lettue, and it was good as well. Something we both noticed is the pita is compressed and grilled panini style for both of our meals. I've never had a gyro served this way and I'm conflicted as to whether I'd like it that way again or not... different, but not bad. The french fries are great!
Our overall impression was that it was a decent lunch but overpriced for what you're getting.
The Skinny: great pita bread and hummus, everything else is not so great (3), solid service (2).

Khoury's is a Mediterranean restaurant tucked away in a strip mall close to Southern Hills Hospital.

We started with an appy of hummus and freshly made pita. This was a delight. Really, half of it is the show of watching the pita lady knead the dough and place it in the woodburning oven. My only gripe is the serving size for hummus is a little small for $6. However, this appetizer alone is worth the trip.

I ordered the Khoury's Salad with Chicken and my hubby ordered the gyros plate. (I wanted to try the moussaka but they were out.)

The salad was okay - the vegetables were great but there was an overabundance of a bland dressing. The chicken itself was singularly uninteresting. It was cut so small that when cooked, it left the meat too dry. I was expecting something similar to chicken from a kabob placed on top of the salad but I have no idea how they cooked this.

My hubby's gyros was ok - the gyros meat was well seasoned. However, the problem lay in the tzatziki sauce. The yogurt was not strained enough, leaving the dressing a little thin for my taste. I also prefer a little more garlic in my tzatziki. The fries served with the sandwiches are homemade - good but not great.

Normally, a place like this would get only maybe a 2.5 from me, but the pita bread really put this place over the top. Maybe I ought to have tried a pizza instead.
We went here for dinner.  Between 2 people, we got the Mini-Mezza appetizer and the combo Kabob with shrimp, beef, and chicken.  The app was good.  Little bit of each of the dips... still too much for us.  The kabobs were great.  Tender, juicy, flavorful- delicious.  And the rice it came on was awesome.  I needed the to-go box to come sooner so I would stop eating it.

Overall, loved our meal and had enough leftovers for at least another meal, probably 2.  Good vibe, small place with only a few other tables occupied.  Will go back!
I am a Mediterranean food junkie!! Khoury's is really authentic Lebanese food which always satisfies my cravings. It is extremely delicious and addicting! I recommend the chicken kabob plate with hummus. The fatosh salad is amazing too! I've had problems in the past with slow service but they are very friendly which, for me, makes up for it. :)
Khoury's I make my family come here every time I visit them.  You are by far one of the best med food places I have been!

Food:  Amazing!  They make their own pita bread (you can see it rising in the oven), which comes with zatar.  The selection of appetizers is fairly large, I have tried the falafel, baba ghanoush, and hummus.  Everything I have had has been wonderful.  
The main courses were all delicious as well, I have gotten the veggie kabob and the fatosh salad.  My sister has gotten the moussaka on several occasions and really likes it..so if you like moussaka it may be worth a try.

The service is really good, the people are really nice and attentive. I will keep coming back and recommend you try as well.
At work we've been trying to explore and get out there more, so we skipped our "work lunch rotation" list and headed for somewhere new.

I've gone to Khoury's once maybe two years ago and I barely remembered the place so we gave this place a try again.

Let me say that the food was very good.  Their fresh bread and hummus was an absolute pleasure to eat.  We all ordered a mixed plate of Beef Skewers and Kafta - which is like a seasoned ground beef in a shape of a sausage / hot dog.  For the food, I would give it a 7/10.

The service, however, left more to be desired.  This place seemed very busy from the lunch crowd but they all left by the time we got our food.  We came to this place around 1:10pm and were seated immediately.  5 minutes later we got our drink order taken.  5 minutes after that, we got our drinks and our order taken. 

Our food finally came at 1:45pm.  It took over 25 minutes for our food to show up.  We all ordered the same thing.  There were some notices under other menu items that it would take 20 minutes cooking time, but not under what we ordered.

Also, since we were starving and digesting our own backbones while waiting for the food.  We got bread and hummus which lasted about 2 minutes.  Another bread refill was needed and acknowledged by the waitress, however it took about 10 minutes before we received more bread.  Service is a  3/10.

I'm sad to say that the service killed my opinion of this place.  I'm giving it a 2 star review.  Maybe one day if we're looking to diversify our "work lunch rotation" list again we'll give this place a whirl again.
Khoury's is your classic Lebanese cuisine, it shares dishes, spices and ingredients from Greek, Turkish, and Israeli food. I have been there 3 times now and I have not been disappointed once. This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I have found so far on the west side of town. The only reason they did not get 5 stars in my book is that they are a bit on the pricey side for lunch, but for the amount of food it is a good value.


P.S. They make fresh pita bread on site in their stone oven, it is to die for!
I'm not qualified to speak to the authenticity of the menu, so I'll stick to what I do know.

Khoury's is a good place for lunch or a light dinner, or for a party of friends who don't mind sharing plates.  Their appetizers and tapas style dishes are their strong suit.  I never did enjoy an entree, here (dry and bland seemed to be a theme).  

The fresh bread is outstanding, and excellent for scooping up hummus, babaganoush, and the cucumber yogurt dish they offer.  

For someone like me, who wants to order one of everything, the bill can get out of hand in a hurry.  But if you're with friends, or at least one similarly minded companion, then the prices (again, for the apps and small plates) are perfectly reasonable.  

Service was always friendly and prompt, though since the bread is fresh from the oven there can sometimes be a wait for more. 

Seating is comfortable, inside or out. They have no problem moving tables around to accommodate parties.  

NOTE: if you have dietary restrictions, you may want to think twice...the servers weren't able to answer our questions re: gluten and nut allergens.  So, if you have a serious allergy, you'll probably want to try and contact the kitchen directly.
Great food with a nice selection of beer with a great happy hour.
Great food all around. The fresh brick pita bread they bring out is to die for, and the hummus is one of the best I've ever had at any Mediterranean or Middle Eastern restaurant.
A wonderful menu with the whole red snapper, shish kabobs,shawarma, kibbi, falafil, tabulli and hummus. Lunch specials are daily.
I've been here quite a few times and I usually only go when I'm in the area or a friend suggests. I'm always happy with the food, although it's not as good as their sister restaurant Hedary's. Their service is a bit slower as well. I do like the ambiance in this location, but it's a bit out of the way for me sometimes. 

The sandwiches are filling, but I'm not a fan of the pickle they sneak in there, so keep in mind if you're ordering as you might want to have that on the side. Just not sure it works with all the flavors. As always I stick with lamb schwarma or kabobs. I also often get a salad or hummus. The hummus is just ok, but it does the trick when you're having a craving.

Every time I've ever been here they haven't been extremely busy, but the service for refills tends to be a bit slow, so drink accordingly.
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night.  It took a while to get service at the beginning but service was good after that.  The hummus was pretty tasty as was the garlic mint yogurt.  The pita was ok.  I like that the pita comes out warm, but it has strange wheat taste to it that I'm not used to with pita.  And it does get crunchy fast.

They were out of moussaka, one of my favorite dishes, so I tried the stuffed cabbage.  It was ok.  Cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and meat, then cooked and covered with roasted garlic.  I couldn't finish it all.  The texture was a little offputting.  Very watery dish.  

My husband had the meat combination.  The meatball that comes with it is pretty good but everything else was a little dry.  The meat combination comes with rice and that part was very, very good.  They offer tzatziki and tahini on the side with entrees so take advantage of that.  The tzatziki went well with the meat.

I like that they offer Lebanese and Moroccan beers.  It's nice to try something different.  Also, they have a full bar and a lot of creative drinks.  But there are a lot of restaurants to try in this part of town.  I will likely try a different restaurant or go to DW Bistro when I am back in this part of town again.
They got a 2 instead of a 1 because our waitress was amazing. Although the service was spectacular, the food was medicore. It's not horrible and edible, but I wouldn't go back ever again. The flat bread (naan) was like a crispy cracker which is dissapointing when you are craving the delicious soft delicate goodness of naan. The hummus was ok....but nothing great. We ordered the Shrawrma Plate and Lamb over Hummus....IT WAS THE SAME EXACT PLATE! The meat was over salted and the strips weren't what Shwarma really is.  Definately dissapointing overall especially after spending $70 to get a non authentic menu. We LOVE this kind of food and have been experimenting other places so we know what's good and what to compare it to. Too bad, because this one is so close to our house. The place was kind of empty too,which usually we consider it's just not a popular choice of food for people but this time it was probably due to their lack of authenticity in food. It's a nice clean pretty restaurant, but all that doesn't matter when the food sucks and paid too much for it.
I tried this restaurant a few weeks ago and am writing from memory. That being said I went to this restaurant based on reviews. I have to admit I was let down in ways. The decor is better than I had expected, for some reason I thought it would be extremely causal aka Roberto's causal. The prices seem a bit steep for what you received. I enjoyed the variety on the menu and found it interesting that they served raw lamb.  I was disappointed when we asked for an eggplant dish after studying the menu judiciously and was told that they did not have that dish and that "eggplants were hard to come by" which is news to me. They served some sort of puffed bread which I found unusual and enjoyed. The quality of the food was good, not outstanding or even that memorable, but good enough that if I were in the neighborhood and they had a special I may come back. I believe the review I read for this restaurant recommended the baby eggplant appetizer - I tried this and it was different, which I can appreciate.
While the food is pretty good, the service has become increasingly horrible. I placed a to-go phone order and the girl taking my order, April, was very short and rude. She treated me like I was inconveniencing her by placing a phone order. I'm very disappointed as this restaurant used to be one of my faves.
so far Khourys is my all time favorite mediterranean restaurant. My wife and i go here for valentines, birthdays, and get togethers with our friends. The service has always been generous and accomodating. Prices are a bit high, but you definitely get what you pay for... If i want something good and exotic, i definetly will always choose khourys.
My girlfriend and I eat here quite often.  The Farooj is awesome, and is big enough to be eaten by two especially if you get an appetizer .
High priced, average food and below average service.  Have not rushed back here,
hi,,,,the food is great ,i had shawarma sandwish wawawawaw,,,,,,it was a great sandwish i ever had ,anyway the food was great and the service was great too
My favorite Mediterranean joint in the city. Great Morrocan atmosphere (or is it Lebanese... I don't care.... I feel like I am in their country). I LOVE the pita bread; freshly baked and hot at the table. The wait staff could use some better service skills. And I'd like to see an actual person from Lebenon in the kitchen ;-)

An occasional happy hour or dinner special would be great, then I could come by every day versus once a few weeks.
2 stars is being generous for our lunch experience today. The food was mediocre and the service just plain sucked. My wife arrived before me, ordered hummus, water and our lunches. I arrived a few minutes later and the waitress, Elissia on our ticket, conveniently ignored me and me needing a drink. She never asked how the hummus was, pretty good actually, and she seemed completely disinterested in our dining experience.

She brought us our meals with limp, barely warm fries to go with our gyro and chicken schwarma sandwich. Again, I had to ask her for ketchup to go with my fries, isn't that basic server stuff, along with more water. I also had to ask for extra gyro sauce, tzatziki, as it's quite watered down tasting and should be much thicker. Along with that the gyro had maybe 1/2 the meat that one would normally associate with a gyro.

We were definitely unimpressed and I asked my wife to remind me the next time I mention going to Khoury's to prompty tell me how much I disliked our first 2 attempts dining at this restaurant. Over priced, mediocre food and garbage service.
Great Mediterranean food!  The only reason they don't get another star is because the service is hit & miss.  We visit here about once a week for work luncheons, and I've done dinner many times.  Food quality is always top notch.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Perfect for business lunches or dinners as well as a nice date night.

Definite return customer.
I love, love, love the food at this place. It is awesome, and really delicious. The portions are really huge, so it makes it a fun place to go with friends so you can share and try many menu items. The decor is really pretty and they play fun music that adds to the ethnic atmosphere.

I agree with the other comments that the service is hit-or-miss. I've been there before and the service was great. We went here last night and had horrible service. The server was really friendly but she basically ignored us the entire time. We were sitting out on the patio and we had to go into the restaurant multiple times and ask the server to bring us stuff, because we got sick of waiting for her to come and ask us if we needed anything or to check on us. This included drink refills and even just getting helped right after we got there and were seated. what really ticked me off was that there were more servers in the restaurant than there were customers, and i could see them all congregating and messing around and talking while we were sitting out waiting to be helped. Annoying to say the least! 

If you go there - expect great food but don't be surprised if you get ignored and have to work for your meal!
The FRESH Pita is Amazing, 
and the rest of the food is actually pretty good too... 

Had it been as good as "Byblos" in Tempe, Arizona... 
or as good as my mom's, i would've rated it 5 stars.
I've been wanting to try this place out. It was ok. Our service was great. My sister and I ordered the lunch beef kabob skewers w/ tabbuli, hummus, and baba ghanoush. I wasn't crazy about the beef skewer. It tasted like boiled beef. I was expecting it to have more of a "grilled" taste. We also ordered the chicken shawarma plate, which was recommended by our server. That was good. The portions are HUGE! "Check-in" on yelp and get  free hummus!
I'm a fan! They have good pita which is baked fresh and comes out toasty. The olive oil herb dipping sauce is a great complement. The mezze platter would also be a good with the pita.

Lentil soup tastes fresh and homemade; very hearty.

I really enjoyed the Khoury's Salad with either chicken or lamb shawrma. It's a really large portion. 

Service is friendly. They have a Yelp check-in offer for Free Hummus! I've gotten it twice!
I love this place!!!! Their food is great, hummus is nice and creamy and the  baba ganoosh is fantastic!!! Staff is friendly and atmosphere is great! I can't wait to go back!!
Delicious food! Pita is hot and fluffy, food is fresh! Service was good, after us several parties walked in and one server was one floor, which soon turned in to two. It seems like a trend at Mediterranean restaurants that service lacks. They were very friendly and somewhat attentive. What appeared to be the owners little kid was milling around the restaurant - which no one wants to deal with on a relaxing night out. Definitely going back - food is great.
Pita bread is very good
Their food is absolutely delicious here! Especially, their kibi. It is by far one of my most favorite dishes. It is a great place to hang out with friends or come here on a quiet night with your boyfriend or girlfriend. The workers here are very nice and the food is served relatively fast.
Khoury's is really good! Great Lebanese place, though I wish they did a koukou (egg/frittata type dish) like the Lebanese place in University City (St. Louis) years ago. I love the fresh pita and olive oil with herbs for dipping. Their rice is tasty, so is the moussaka, but I think my favorite is the tabbouleh. Yum! Big portions, friendly people, ok prices if you go for lunch.
Really good food, the pita bread was great! Freshly baked and hot. Everyone in my group enjoyed their food. Unlike many reviewers' experiences, we got very good service.
Nice to find a different taste for lunch. Noodles, salads or subs can only go so far. The Lebanese sandwich is tantalizing with grilled onions and almost a chutney flavor.  Most tables filled and a good lunch turn - a good sign.  Close to my office for regular lunches and so good, I'll venture across town for dinner.
So I'm probably biased because I've actually lived in the Middle East and worked as a cook while living there, but I wasn't impressed by anything that I ordered.  I went here because I miss a lot of the food that I used to get while living over there, and was hoping maybe this place could alleviate some of that.  Alas, it was not to be.  So I ordered the lunch meat combo as I wanted to try out the sujuk and kibbi, and was rather disappointed in it.  The sujuk came out dry, while the kibbi was rather tasty so I was happy with that.  The rice they served with it was fine, but they went and raw onion on the plate that kind of overwhelmed whatever you tried to eat it with.  Also, their "grilled" veggies that they served with it were pretty much raw, not appealing.  I would say that the biggest issue I had there was with their pita, it was overcooked, period.  Even the fresh pita I got midway through my meal was crunchy on the bottom!  Pita should NEVER be crunchy!  Also, it still had flour or something on the outside of it that was kind of grainy and not particularly appealing.  I was also somewhat annoyed to find out that I got charged for the side of pickled veggies that I asked for without being told that first by the server.  Normally at Mediterranean restaurants those pickles come with everything, so kind of surprising.  Overall, if I do end up going back to this place, I'll probably try a pizza as I've heard better things about them.
Awesome food!  I haven't been in the restaurant to eat, however.  I have only picked up my order and eaten at home, so I can't comment on the service of the staff while eating at their location.

The hummus is pretty good.  Lots of flavor and a good sized portion.  The chicken shawarma is to DIE for.  Falafel is pretty good too.

Reasonably priced and pick-up orders don't take long to process and have ready.
One of those little places we kept meaning to try....so glad we finally did. 

First, it's super cute inside! Nice tablecloths, pretty decor, lovely patio. 

Our server was a bit aloof but extremely efficient. 

The food was really good. The hummus was creamy and dreamy. The babbaganoush had a delicious smoky roasted flavor. Each were served with fresh puffed pita. 

I got the meat combination with kibbi and kafta. Both good. I had never tried kibbi before. It was a neat meatball covered with a wheat crust and baked. The rice was good and flavorful. Everything was seasoned nicely. Nothing needed salt.

We will definitely go back!  I noticed they offer a happy hour with discounted beer and sangria.  I can picture the joy of a warm afternoon with a cheap pitcher of sangria and some great greek nibbles!
Pita's hot and fresh. Food was a bit salty but the Sangria fixed it.. Btw sangria = STRONG! Great service and great place to eat. Can't wait to come back for seconds and Maybe try their hookah too.. :)
Great lunch! Plenty of food, had to take a couple boxes home! Very nice lunch.
When you first sit down, make sure you get the fresh-out-of-the-oven Pitas. It is amazing. freshly baked on the premises. This place was really busy. Service was prompt and efficient.
I go through phases where I Yelp stalk my friends to find out where I should be eating. Thanks to a particularly inviting review from Robyn L., I made my way over to Khoury's. Of course, it is located near another restaurant I have been wanting to try. Oh well, one at a time. 

Khoury's has a cozy intimate feeling with rich colors that soothes the soul. Sitting in the middle of the restaurant gave us a perfect view of the oven fresh bread being made and the kitchen window. There is no viewing into the cooking area, which is a bummer. Between my friend and I, we had ordered the hummus to start. With a check in on Yelp, it is free. +1 for the pickled vegetables and whole chickpeas garnish. My friend ordered the Kafta, a ground sirloin sausage, which they grill and serve on a bed of rice. The starch was cooked perfectly and possessed so much flavor. The Kafta was good, but not moan inducing. I ordered the Lamb Swarma and it got illicit in the dining room. The noises were almost pornographic, at least in my head. The meat was tender, not gamy, and packed with complex flavor. Served with a side of rice and tahini, it was good with their warm bread. For $3.95 each, we added a Khoury's and a Greek Salad. The namesake greens was a simple lettuce, tomatoes, and cucumber number, but the dressing packed a tart punch. The lemony bite is what I crave in a salad. Forget using all that oil, just give me a pucker inducing dressing. The Greek was just as good. It had a similar base as the first salad but with feta, olives, and the classic vinaigrette. 

Add a couple glasses of red wine and we were chatting up a storm while enjoying the atmosphere. Around dinner time, it got busy quick. With one hostess and one waitress, they handled the crowd well. While they alternated seating and greeting, no one was left unattended to. 

They have a $40 four course meal for two which caught my eye. This will have to be investigated on my next visit.
Came in to have lunch by myself.. Stood by the door for a few min waiting to get seated. The staff just looked at me and didn't even acknowledge me. I had to walk up to someone and ask if she was seating people and she replies back "sorry, I didn't see you." I made eye contact with her twice, and on top of that I was wearing bright mint colored pants.. lol! I can't stand horrible service like this, I walked out.
Sangria is amazing!!!!! And the food is crazy good for some stuff being so simple. Definitely surprises you. :)

Fanie the waitress is amazing! and hella funny, love her. Great place
Great food, strong sangria!  We went here tonight for dinner. You can't go wrong with the four course meal for two.  You get a lot of food for $39.99. The bad side, the service was extremely slow. The waitress was very friendly,  but again, very slow.
All in all a good experience for the food and sangria alone.
Visited here based on the good reviews,chose to sit in the patio seating since it was pleasant out. As mentioned the Pita bread came out hot and fresh and a order of free yelp hummus! The falafel sandwich and fries were very tasty and best of all my girlfriend really liked everything so that's always good!. We will be back for sure!
The waitresses that work weekdays are awesome - I think I'm in love (non-creepy kind) with one of them.   I think she's Middle Eastern or Italian...on second thought, she might be some kind of Spanish.  Anyway, the food is great - especially the Shwarma and lentil soup.  The hummus and pita can be described in one word: totally awesome.  I realize that's two words, but I got excited when trying to come up with a description.  

Oh, and if you're a fan of classy interior decoration, you're in for a treat.  If you've ever wondered to yourself "who buys the broken crap in the sale bins at Home Goods" - now you know.  It's an elegant mix of Middle Eastern, Country, and random.  

They even have a deer made out of stone near the cash register - classy.  They're mixing exterior lawn decoration, with the interior.  Am I inside?  Am I outside?  Who knows?  Once you get your food, you'll stop caring and your mind will focus on the awesome flavors and smells.  Which by the way, make your fridge smell like a Persian carpet salesman if left overnight.  Not complaining, just stating fact.

Seriously though, go here, your stomach will thank you, unless you have an ungrateful stomach. ;-)
Food was great, service was friendly, efficient, and added a warm touch to a lovely restaurant. Baklava was to die for!!! Definitely worth the drive it takes from our home. Keep up the fantastic business, Khoury's!
The food was tasty and the service was pretty good. If you're in the mood to try something different, check this place out. The hummus was especially good with the piping hot pita bread. Yum yum
Last saturday night, my wife and I had the dinner for 2 (39.95.) before ordering, i questioned the server about the size of the portions, she assured me that they were only slightly smaller than the portions  on the ala carte menu. Our dinner included: freshly made pita bread, soup or salad for each of us, 
1 appetizer to share, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. 
Everything was wonderful until the entrees were served. The beef shwarma was fine, but the chicken was an outrageously small 1/4 of a chicken accompanied by very greasy roasted  potatoes and carrots. In my 60 + years I have never seen a chicken that small. It should be against the law to slaughter a chicken  that young. 
When i told the server about my dissapointment she told me the  ala carte entree was the same size, but it included  2 pieces of chicken. Since i inquired about the size of the portions rightup front, she should have warned me about the size of the portion when i was ordering. She also dissapared for quite awhile toward the end of the meal. aside from that the service was good.
Very good greek salad, grape leaves, beef shwarma, baklava and pita bread. 
Decent lentil soup and rice pudding
Dinner without the chicken 4.5 stars
Dinner with the chicken 2.5 stars.
Service 3.5 stars
Overall 3 stars
This place is delicious! I have been here a number of times and never had a disappointing meal. Once we ordered Kafka and a Greek Salad for dinner and they brought us Lamb and hummus.

I am not really one to eat much outside my comfort zone, but this place is amazing. I ate there recently and had the lamb and hummus. All of the flavors were perfect together. We also love this place because it has outdoor and indoor seating and is very friendly to our kid. I recommend it to everyone
It was nice to try a new place, but I don't think any of us were impressed with our food too much. We had the grape leaves for appetizer, I am not a fan anyhow so I did not partake, but the girls did not finish them and said they were not very good. I ordered a Shwarma, which here is different than any I have had before, just meat and onions? I packed it up to go. My friends ordered cabbage wrapped meat...I am not sure what they are called. They packed everything to go as well, no one was really a fan of anything we ordered. We asked for some containers to take our tzaziki sauce to go, instead the server brought us out three large to go sauces and charged us each a dollar fifty for them. It was an interesting experience, but I won't be back.
i love this place!!! they have fresh pita bread fresh out the oven and the food is always great!!! this place is veggie friendly too... whenever i go i order the house mezza plate... its enough food for 3-4 people! its a whole bunch of small veggie appetizer plates... THE BEST! they also make THE BEST GARLIC SAUCE!!!
Love, love, love the food here. I could eat mediterranean food every day without a problem. I have relatives who are from Lebanon so I grew up eating grape leaves and jocoque.

The food here is really good, I've tried probably everything on their menu. All of their appetizers are good, in particular th grape leave although they could be bigger! The lentil soup is also great.They have different types of kabobs, lamb, beef, chicken, fish... This is like the only kabob place that asks how you want your meat cooked, major plus. Lamb should be medium-rare in my opinion. Oh, and they also make their pitas on the spot with a wood-burning oven. Delish!

For me the food merits five stars, however the service is lacking. The first time I came here I made a reservation on Open Table. Once we arrived and I informed the waitress we had a reservation she was like, Wha's open table? Reservation, huh? They can be kind of brusque at times, but the food is so good that it rarely bothers me. They also offered a Groupon about a year ago which was a total steal. 

Best place in town for kabobs, hands down.
What's not to love about Khoury's? Food is amazing, restaurant is nice to look at, and they even have hookah out in the patio. Been here 4 times and haven't had a bad meal yet. The food is one of the closest to authentic ME cuisine I've found in Vegas. I go back and forth to Anaheim every other week so you can imagine how much ME food I'm exposed to!
Awesome place!  It's very vegetarian and vegan friendly!!  My bf and I had the dinner special for $40.  It comes with an appetizer, soup or salad, main meal, and dessert.  Here's what we ordered:  I ordered the lentil soup-awesome with lots of veggies-lentils are an awesome source of protein since I'm vegan. :)   We ordered falafel for an appetizer-excellent.  It's very tasty and i like all the vegetables that come with it.  For the main course, I ordered the Mousaka which is an eggplant dish.  I'm not an eggplant lover, but this dish was good.  I like the texture of the eggplant, and the garbanzo beans on top of it.  My bf who is not vegan had the lamb kabobs.  He said it was ok.. the meat was a little over cook, but he still ate all his food.  :)  For dessert we had the baklava. it was very delish.  Also, the pita bread that they serve is awesome!!  I could just eat that for dinner!  It's warm and  fresh.  I like the olive oil and nut/seed dip that they give with the bread. 

This place is really nice and it looks fancy, but for $40,  I think the dinner special was a great deal.. It was a lot of food.  The service was good and I would definitely come back again.  I just think Mediterranean food is healthy.
If you are tired of eating burgers or sandwiches and feel a bit more adventurous, you have to try this Mediterranean restaurant. They have an extended menu, so you will definitely find something you would like. I heard they are popular for their hummus so I had to try it ---not a disappointment at all -- Their lunch /dinner plates come with the choice of hummus, salad or soup, I really liked the fact that you have a pretty good selection of sides besides soup or salad. I ordered the combination kabob which included your choice of 2 meats (lamb, shrimp, chicken or beef) the best part was the freshly made pita bread (that was awesome )  oh and  did I mentioned that they also have hookah services...
I hugely enjoyed the gyro I ordered. This location has a great environment and is definitely family friendly. I'm excited to go back and try the shawarma sandwich that my friend had.
I'm a first time and it was absolutely FABULOUS!!!!! The pita bread that is given complimentary and it is our of this world, I relate it to a soft, warm pillow. 

For an entre I ordered the Farooj and it was out of this world. It's laid on top of a delicious lemon, Mediterranean garlic sauce, which compliments it well. The vegetables were baked and I didn't leave any behind.

My boyfriend ordered the Shwarama. He really enjoyed this. He got the lamb and cleaned his plate! 

I will definitely be back and cannot wait.

Oh and ask for Rami, he was a great server and made our time pleasurable!
I will not ever go back to this place...

My out of country relatives were about to leave the town and we decided to take them out for a dinner at Khoury's. Place was absolutely empty that evening so I thought we will get full attention of server and the kitchen staff but it turned out that they didn't care for us bringing them business that night at all.

We ordered $40 dinner specials and it was a worst disappointment ever. Bread was stale and turned into dried up pieces within 10 minutes. Soup was OK. The worst part was the entrees. Lamb shawarma was dry and had a funny taste to it. Rice looked like it was re-heated after sitting in a container for a while. I really tried to eat the meat but it was so unappetizing that I gave up after a few bites. My relatives were not happy eaters either. After a bit of a hesitation I tried to explain to the server that our food (especially for the money we paid) is far from acceptable. She was apologetic but told us that she cannot do anything about it and she has to call the manager. 
After some time so called manager showed up (he claimed to be a manger but I know he is the owner) and gave us "I don't really care" look and offered 10% discount and some food to go. This is a slap in a face! We didn't like the food in a first place and now we are being offered same horrible food to go! 10% discount - please.... I don't want to pay for it at all the way it was prepared! In the end I didn't want to argue  (especially in front of our relatives that don't speak much English) and settled the bill as it is.

P.S. Upset stomach for 3 people in our party till next day... 
Worst $100 ever spent on dining out.
My husband and I took our out-of-town guests here. Biggest mistake! No one else was there, bread and lamb were hard as a rock, and the service was horrible! It was a complete waste of money because we all went home hungry, and shameful to have taken our guests there. We will never return to this place.
Great apps! Elham is a fantastic server, ask for her if you go, but you shouldn't everything else was horrible! Just go next store to DW bistro instead!
Great place for some fresh Mediterranean food. The Pita was amazing and wish I could take some home. The Hummus was okay, wasn't the best I had. The service was not that great for being there on a weeknight with only 3 tables being taken. We ordered a few of the Kabobs (Shrimp, Steak, Chicken). All were amazing and the Rice was on point. The atmosphere felt a little outdated and needed a bit of freshening up. But overall, great food and will visit again.
This is a review out of my experience on 04-22-2013 12:30 pm.
When I entered the restaurant and waiting at the front to be seated. I observed two women at the cash register drawing verbal swords at each other at high pitch. Every customer can hear their verbal combat and me as well.
After 5 minutes of quarrel they finally noticed me and said we are closed. That's very polite lolz. May be today is not a good day for them and I totally understand. But I felt that is awkward.
After the awkward experience on 04-22-2013, I gave this restaurant one more chance. Some times shit happens but that should not stop you from tasting good food. So no hard feelings there.

I went to this restaurant on 04-30-2013 at 11:45 AM PST.
Got seated immanently. 
Thoroughly enjoyed Middle Eastern Music.
Clean Restaurant.
Ordered Chichen and Lamb Combo Kabob.
Hummus came as a side Item.
They Server Complimentary Bread with home made sauce to dip in.

Food is Awesome. Let me start with the Bread. Never Had such a fresh bread in Vegas. I will go there again for the bread alone. The bread dipping sauce is awesome too.

Kabobs are tasty but i can not rate them as the best i ever had.
Rice tastes great.
This time I am very happy with the service. I will go there again for the Bread :)
A group of us came here for lunch.  The food was delicious.  We started off with the large hummus and warm pita bread.  That appetizer is a must.  A few people had the greek salad with gyro meat.  I had the chicken kabobs and others had the gyro sandwich with fries.  My kabobs were outstanding and everyone enjoyed there food too.  The service was a little slow, but I will excuse it since the place was full of people.
Lebanese mediterranean food, the chicken shawerma sandwich was quite tasty, very good fresh pita bread too!
Amazing!!! Anything I've ordered has been so good and consistent every time!! From the hummus /fresh pita  to the lintel soup or my favorite Greek salad with chicken swigmira , I've yet to be let down!
The BF and I came with our friends who live on this side of town. I've heard good things about the food and they said there were certain things they order that is quite nice there so we decided to give it a go. 

We decided to do the dinner for two. Its' $39.99 and you get a choice of a soup or sald each, a shared appetizer, a entree each, and a dessert each. It seemed to be the way to go for dinner, since the prices are more during dinner than lunch...but it seems the portions look to be the same in pics? I don't get why places do that. 

Lentil Soup - pretty good actually. Lighter type broth and had some spinach and the squeeze of lemon made it quite good. 
Greek Salad - pretty plentiful and the components were fresh. A bit overdressed, but still good. 
Our friends got other kinds of soup, chicken and a beef and rice one. 

For appetizer we got- 
Baba ganoush - pretty solid, a bit smoky and nice texture. I like that there was a bit of pink pickles, I wish we ordered a plate of pickles. 
Hummus - our friends got this and it was decent flavor and consistency, but the baba ganoush was the winner. 

They handmake their own puffy pita which is a plus, and ask for refills. They give some olive oil with zaatar. 

Beef kebob - it was just OK. It could use more flavoring and was rather small pieces to be charging what they do. On pictures, it seemed that kebobs were much plumper back then. 
Moussaka - it was a vegetarian one, and wasn't like a traditional stacked style but more a stuffed eggplant with chickpeas and tomato sauce. It's their own take that reminds me of Lebanese stuffed eggplant. It was good for vegan version, but disappointing that I was expecting it to be something else. The thing that was crappy is our friend LOVES their moussaka here and always ordered it - when it had meat in it. He was so disappointed he sent it back because it was not really something he was aware changed. I don't get why they would get rid of a classic. I know they got requests for more vegetarian options, but that sucks for everyone else. Could be in addition to, not instead of. Stuffing a eggplant with meat mix vs the chickpeas isn't too difficult. Please, don't let vegans ruin a good thing. 

We got the baklava to go. It was a plentiful serving of 4 little rolls each which was nice. It was pretty decent and oddly we got two different batches of one crispy and one not as crispy and we all had different opinions which we preferred. 

Service was odd. She was nice in a kinda awkward way of trying to make chit chat, but was definitely struggling to serve 3 tables with basics. We ordered fries and hoped for bread ASAP since there was a slightly cranky baby with us too. Our bread was sitting on the pas for a while so it was more crunchy than fluffy when we got the first batch. Boo. It was also a wait for the bill even though it was clear mom and baby were gone, my BF was getting fresh air and we needed.

For having spent $100 for dinner for 4, we expected far better. It seems my friends who are regulars even seem to be a bit upset and don't want to be back when that particular lady is working (they seem to only get bad service with her) and hope that the moussaka will be back. I live far enough that I'm not sure if I will make the effort to come back, specially since DW is next door. Maybe to-go of some baba ganoush.
Freezes burned gyros and soggy fries delivered by poor service.  Take a pass!
 
A friend and I stopped into Khoury's for lunch.  Big mistake!  We ordered gyros and fries and were super disappointed when our food arrived.  It was cold, the gyro meat was clearly pressed out and formed instead of sliced as we would have expected. To make things worse the gyros tasted like it was microwaved.  We left the food uneaten. It just wasn't worth it.

To make matters worse the service was poor and the prices were high.  Do yourself a favor and go through the drive through somewhere.
When the question of "what do you want to eat?", this is one of the first places that come to mind. Aside from the convienance of it being located close to my house, the food is really good! Quiant atmosphere,  and friendly staff.
I looked up Khoury's on Sunday after I had a Kibbeh-craving, which can be hard to satisfy in Vegas! We almost didn't go because of so many poor one- and two-star yelp reviews, but I'm glad we did. It wasn't the best middle eastern food I've had, but certainly good enough, and everyone we spoke to/interacted with was really friendly.

We ordered takeout and tried:

Hummus: very decent, I really liked the lemony taste
Baba Ganoush: my favorite thing we ordered (easy since it's one of my favorite foods, but it was pretty good baba)
Grape Leaves: not the best, wouldn't order again
Lamb-over-hummus: I didn't love this because it was pretty oily, and we ended up with so much hummus, but this was my husband's favorite thing
Kibbeh: Not quite as good as I was hoping for (they make it with beef instead of lamb), but still pretty good, and grilled instead of fried which makes it a little healthier!

They had a little patio for hookah as well, so next time we might try dining in and sample their hookah. I would definitely go back.
The food is fantastic and the ambiance is good.  It is a great family restaurant. The Kibbi and Farooj are awesome!
My second time to this restaurant. Must say, I love their Pita Bread! Brought out nice and steamy hot, complimentary when you order an entree. Our server was nice but not super efficient. For food, I ordered the meat grape leaves, which was good, but more tart than expected. Good thing I saved some pita bread to eat with it, which makes it much better. Tried the Kanafi for dessert and I cannot make up my mind if I like it or not... it's definitely different than a traditional dessert like cake or pastry. Overall, this place isn't bad, it is good to try Lebanese cuisine, but with so many amazing food options in the area, I don't know that I'd come back anytime soon.
My dad had a Lebanese restaurant 50 years ago and I've eaten at hundreds of other middle-eastern restaurants all over the U.S... Khoury's is great. We really expected mediocre food based on the location and were so pleasantly surprised. Their rice pilaf, we also had kebabs and kafta which was all delicious. Their hummus is as good as you'll find anywhere, we asked for and got garlic sauce with our bread and the garlic sauce is also as good as you'll find in any Lebanese restaurant. I am comparing them to my family's food as well as the many Lebanese restaurants in Dearborn, MI and southern California and you can bet, this is up there with the best. And their made-to-order, homemade bread is the best I've ever had. Anybody who doesn't think Khoury's is great simpy doesn't like Lebanese food which I find hard to believe but to each his own. If you like middle-eastern food, this place is a gem. We ate their for the first time Saturday night with a friend from out of town and we had to go back Tuesday by ourselves. It is wonderful.
The service tonight great.
SEND THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT OUT.  FOOD SERVED WITH HAIR IN IT & THEN REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGED THEIR UNSANITARY PRACTICES & EXPECTED YOU TO PAY FOR IT. 
Serves was very, very poor. Management was very, very rude & offensive. 1st, Server claimed the soup & salad order jammed in the printer, so we were not served timely. Then she served the food with hair in it. Another employee pulled the hair out of the food & then returned the plate to the kitchen. Next the "owner"  basically said we placed the hair in the food & had to pay for 1/2 the meal when we had not eaten ANY of the food & why would we put hair in food we wanted to eat?  The four spears of lamb shish kabobs, along with the rice & onions were left at the table. 
We paid for what we ate soup & salad, NO TIP for server & no compensation offered by the business for their poor services.
I visited this restaurant last Wednesday only because one of my doctors has an office right across the street.  The food that I ordered was really good.  I had the chicken shwarma(sp.) to go YUM!  The chicken was tender and seasoned very well and the tahini sauce OMG was fabulous.  I was going to get a side of Tabouleh but there is no way in hell I was going to pay over $10.00 for it!  I gave this place 2 stars because yes, I have had better and for WAY cheaper.  Get this, Khoury's also owns a "take-out" spot in Henderson called Yalla with almost the exact same menu.  The biggest difference between the menus are some of the entrees offered at Khoury's are not offered at Yalla and the items that are identical...are @ least $4.00 cheaper at Yalla.  I asked one of the waitresses why the huge difference in prices for the same items and her response is that Yalla is "take-out" only and Khoury's is a sit down restaurant.  WTF?  What about people like myself who come into Khoury's and place an order for take out?  This makes absolutely no effen since to me.  Why don't they just mirror the prices and increase them for the dinner crowd?  My $10.76 chicken shwarma would have been $5.99 at Yalla and any other Mediterranean Restaurant east of Nevada(maybe even cheaper).  As much as I love Mediterranean (Lebanese) food, I won't be visiting this restaurant ever again.
Came here as a large birthday group. Asked if they could split the check ahead of time. They said no. Getting our food was the most amazing mess ever. Bad. Bad. Bad. We were given the check but was taken away to be replaced with the actual check with added party gratuity. In the end one of servers admitted they should've split the check. No shit. Food was mediocre and water refills would've been nice.
Best lebanese food in vegas. Great service and a very extensive menu. Its a little far from the strip but definitely worth the trip. Highly recommend the large mezza order, okra, and fried cheese.
Great service. Great patio seating. Excellent lentil soup, sangria, and falafel.  Would definitely come back.
Ate here for lunch with my husband a few weeks ago & had one of the best Lebanese meals since I moved to vegas from L.A! 
The sangria was surprisingly phenomenal & the stuffed grape leaves were equally delicious with the exception that they didn't come with the traditional yogurt. 
Coming back as soon as I can.
The food, service and atmosphere was awesome. The food was fresh and very flavorful. The food servers were helpful and very accommodating.  The owners came out and greeted us which very unusual and impressed me. I would highly recommend Khoury's.
Great tabouli and great kefteh.  I would recommend for authentic Lebanese food.  The brick oven bread comes out piping hot and the staff is very friendly.
Not too impressed with this place. They were severely understaffed when we were there, leading to an incredibly long wait for not only someone to take our order, but also our food and then our check. Two people that were seated after us walked out after being ignored for 10 minutes. Some of the food was good, especially the lentil soup and the babaganoush, but the meat platter was horribly overcooked. Needless to say, I'm not going back.
Probably one of my favorite Mediterranean restaurants in Las Vegas that I have been to so far. Lunch or Dinner are great. Unique Lebanese dishes that I haven't seen at other places,  but the same traditional stuff as well.

Get the Lentil Soup... its great
Moussaka (not sure if i spelled it correctly) is the best I've had.

Desert or no desert get the Arabic Coffee... they put a tad bit of sugar/cardamom in it so ask for it without if you don't want it. 

Service was good, but not great... slow-ish but not annoying.
Mezza is decent. Bread is fresh. Meat is rubbery. Chicken shawarma taste like bandaids. 
ALERT  they charge for garlic sauce. $1 for a SMALLLLL 1 ounce ! 
A pint is $10! RIP OFF!!! 
The only middle eastern place that charges for garlic sauce even when you dine in! 
That rule needs to be changed before they lose more business!!!!
The service has improved dramatically. The food is exceptional as always! Love Khourys. April is the BEST!
Best mediterranean resto in town.. From their soft hot pita bread to the beef kabob. Prices are in the highs but the food is good. Good eats people.. Good eats.
Khoury's  caters our lunches and holiday party. Great food. We love it.
Love this place. 
I work at a salon close by and we order at least once a week. 
The service is lovely and the food is great! 
Greek salad with chicken and hummus is wonderful. 
Go try it out!
I was in the mood for Mediterranean food last night, now this is such a vast area and is influenced by many countries. I have eaten many dishes good and bad from this area, not saying I'm an expert nor claiming to be. But good food is simply good food. This place was not the best and for the prices not worth coming back to. 

The beef and rice soup was salty, the chicken and garlic soup bland, beef kebobs can use more seasoning, the house specialty chicken farooj was just lemon and garlicy and their mini house mezza was not worth 18.95. The pita bread was falling apart and crumbly, very strange. 

The service was like the food not the best, they were chatting away by the register and then once in a while checking up to see if your ok.
The food here is absolutely delicious!!! The best Mediterranean food I've had in Vegas so far. Everything is so tasty and spices are just right. I love their hummus, fresh bread, and tilapia kabobs. Their servings are a pretty good size too (which is a plus for me because I can have leftovers later). Pricing is not bad either. I highly recommend this place!
Best place for middle eastern food in Vegas so far. And I am sure about it cause I've tried several places cause this is too far from where I live and somehow I just have to come back here. Food and service always good and love the fresh pita.
Khoury's is wonderful. Good food and friendly service. 

I love the food. The freshly baked pita starts your meal off nicely. We always get hummus for dipping and the two are so good I'm always in a good mood by the time the mains arrive. My wife is vegan and I haven't met an animal that wasn't tasty. So this place is great for us with a big variety. I've liked everything I've tried. 

I love the wait staff. So friendly. Sometimes kitchen gets backed up and a little slow for what you'd expect based on dine in capacity. Could be take out or catering, not really sure and only reason for holding back 5th star. 

Friends over in this area always told us we would the place, we finally drove over after hearing about it for a year. Now we go at least once a month.
Great food, friendly staff. I live close by and will be a regular for sure. Love it !!
Woke up this morning still dreaming about the jalapeo hummus and soft, pillowy pita bread we had last night. The hummus had just the right amount of spiciness to it and we sopped up every last bit of it. We also tried  a pizza with the fajook sausage, which is homemade.  Very tasty as well.  I have a lot of respect for the fact that they bake the pitas right there in front of 
 Of your eyes.  Carb overload, yes but enjoyed every scrumptious bite. 

Will be back for sure
Solid place to get your Mediterranean fix on!
Came here for Valentine's dinner. 
They had a set vday menu... 4 course meal.
Everything was on point from the pita bread, hummus, kafta, baklava and everything in between.
The Greek salad was heavy on the dressing and my mint tea was a little weak but they were accommodating and gave me more fresh mint. 
I think there were under staffed for vday dinner, service was okay.
If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind coming back for lunch and trying stuff from their regular menu.
Casual dining. No problems with parking.
I love this place. Being from that part of the world, I know what is good and what isn't. This place is good trust me. I live nearby and go all the time.
Delicious food and cute atmosphere. Better than Paymons!  Only complaint is that the food takes forever to come out. Portions are large and ingredients taste fresh and high quality. With the amazing fresh wood fire oven baked pita and an order of hummus, we were full before our dinners finally did arrive. Recommend but only if you have a lot of time to relax and patience.
Such amazing food....that's why I'll keep coming back.  The staff is super friendly and I always feel like they remember me!  They always know the answers to my vegan questions and allow me to swap walnuts for cheese at no additional charge. Awesome :)  My ONLY complaint is, during lunch, the service has been sooooooo slow lately.  I've noticed they hired a busser, which really helps... And I know everything is made from scratch......but when you're in a hurry, this is a problem.  Especially when you just ordered a vegan salad.  The hefty wine pours make it all ok though ;)
didn't like it at all. overpriced and staff wasn't all that friendly. food was whatevers. I went here about 2 years ago and haven't been back. Nothing about this place lures me to come back. I wouldn't really recommend to my friends.
The food here is fantastic and the pita bread is my absolute favorite. Unfortunately, I've been back several times and the service is always unbearably slow. If you have to get back to the office during lunchtime, I'd go elsewhere. Otherwise, relax and enjoy the grub!! I highly recommend the lentil soup!
Lastnight was the first time of going to this restaurant. It was recommended to me by a friend. My cousin was craving good Mediterranean food, so I was like why not. As we entered the restaurant was quaint and looked presentable. We stood by the hostess station for a few minutes, the lady in a white shirt noticed us but ignored us and continued to help the seated guests. Then finally a nice woman in a black shirt asked if we were helped and handed us a menu. After looking through the menu my cousin finally decided on what she wanted. So the woman in the black shirt took us to the cashier area to take our order. While she was taking our order, the lady in the white shirt (she wore glasses , on the hefty side, and have glasses) was so rude and didn't even say excuse me and told her to stop checking us out because she 'doesn't like for her customers to wait for a check'... In my head I was like what are we?? And then she was rude and pushed that girl to the side after she voided our order and the woman in black told her "she's ordering" and the lady in the white shirt was so rude and talked down to her and us and said "well she doesn't care. I think she doesn't care! What I say goes..." So from that comment I knew immediately she was either an owner or a manager. 

After that experience, the woman in the black shirt was nice and pulled us a chair. While we were sitting there all she did was whine and complain. My ears were literally hurting from her negative behavior.   I have never experienced such verbal abuse to other employees and to waiting customers. I honestly think the woman in the white shirt was racist, only helped people that were blonde or looked Caucasian. She seemed to treat the people with background that is different of her own with such distaste. After that we got home and glad we didn't have to sit through being around her negative aura. 

 I can't believe I gave them a 1 star but I did because there was no other option. The food was mediocre. Kudos to the women who wore black t-shirts and have to deal with the woman in the white shirt every time they work there.
I love this place for the food, but the service is exceedingly SLOW but very nice.  Don't go in unless you have the time to spare.

Baba ganosh, hummus and pita with the Greek salad w/ Chicken Sharma are among my favorites.  The dressing for the salad is so simple but incredibly flavorful (lemon, garlic, olive oil).

I keep wanting to take the husband here but we usually think of it on Sunday when they're closed.
The ambiance is very nice and the outdoor patio is great! The hummus and pita are the best in town and you can't beat the 4 course dinner for two for $40. The food is fresh and flavorful, Greek salad is garnished with their house Greek dressing and the pita comes out piping hot. This is the best Mediterranean restaurant in town!
I was taken to Khoury's by a friend, and I do have to say that I enjoyed my experience! So much so that I have been there a couple of times since. I DO think that it is a bit pricy for Mediterranean food, but it is worth visiting for the pita bread alone. You can see it coming fresh out of the ovens. It is served warm and is excellent with every dish that they have!

Speaking of dishes, make sure that you try their lentil soup as a starter! It is delicious.

I am a big fan of their kabobs. Their sandwiches are also excellent and come with french fries that are pretty delicious!
This is one of the better Mediterranean places you will find in Las Vegas. The quality of food here is far better than Paymon's. 

I agree with my reviewers that it is slow service, but part of that is because everything is made fresh to order.

They start you out with a pita bread made fresh in the oven served with dips.

I almost always order the Lamb Swarma served with fries. Never been disappointed!

My guests have ordered Kabobs, Baba ganosh, and salads. Everyone seems satisfied. 

Lunch is very busy, so I suggest an early dinner. 

Nice people, even if they are slow, they aim to please.
I love Mediterranean food and good service. This restaurant was neither especially the latter. I've worked at a 5 star/5 diamond  restaurant but have my favorite hole in the wall no star joints with excellent service and quality food.  Will never step foot into this restaurant again. No customer service (no one greeted us as we waited at the podium for 10 minutes and servers kept passing by) and food is mediocre. Doesn't taste authentic and food is overpriced. Not recommended!
The worst food we ever had!!! Everything is way over salty and if you want to have Heart attack symtoms, visit Khoury's. Meats feels very rubbery and uncooked as if your eating a rare steak but it's kafta kabob!!!

Over priced for junk food!!!


We  will be notifying the health department a swell.
I love the chicken sandwich and the homemade pita bread  staff is supper friendly
This is my second lunch visit to Khoury's. I loved the gyro and jalapeo hummus! Comfortable, casual environment. Our service was very good. 

Also, I shared a pitcher of red sangria with friends on my first visit...definitely a great addition to lunch with friends!
First time eating here and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Casual atmosphere with nice friendly service. Food had great flavors and well prepared.  I would totally go back for more and recommend it to friends and family.
My favorite Lebanese restaurant in town. Great place fast and reasonablely priced fresh food. Fresh baked bread. Love the hummus!!!!
Been here several times and have always enjoyed the food and the service. And it's conveniently around the corner from our house.
The place looks like you are going to get the best Mediterranean food in Vegas, Buy it is not. I didn't like the food at all. The Gyro was the worst I have ever had.  And silly me for ordering Pizza from a Mediterranean place. One word Gross. I will Not be returning to this place.
Hey fellow Yelpers!  I thought I'd put another rating out for Khoury's.  They are a really great establishment and mean well.  I've visited them since my last yelp and again the shawarma(sp.) was simply amazing.  One day I would like to sit down in their restaurant and enjoy a meal, maybe try something else on the menu.
I had been craving a Gyro sandwich for so long and that is what I ordered here. They give you pita bread to start off with and some kind of olive oil mix which was so good. The serving size was HUGE and so inexpensive. Service was outstanding. There was quiet a big selection to choose from. I really enjoyed the jalapeo hummus. I will definitely be back to visit again so I can try some of the other dishes on the he menu.
I haven't been here in a while and I need to come back sooner. I love their hot bread! I tried something out of the norm, as I normally get a gyro. I tried the stuffed cabbage. It tasted better without the tzatziki sauce.  I thought that was a weird combo as a side sauce.  It actually was a better combination with the beef tomato soup.  Very kid friendly.  My daughters enjoyed enjoyed their big portion of cheese pizza.  My 4 year old said it was yummy! Overall, we enjoyed our dinner!
This is our third visit to Khoury's and we love it! The outdoor patio is gorgeous and the food is authentic and delicious. Don't come here for a quick bite, everything is made in house so it can take a little time to get your meals. The service is great, totally recommend it!
Pleasant surprise , we were headed to another nearby restaurant but the line was too long, so we opted to try Khoury's. We were not disappointed, since we had not been there before we opted for the four coarse meal for two so we could try more. The couple with us ordered a sandwich and shrimp. We all enjoyed everything. The spicy hummus was amazing. While I have had little experience with Mediterranean food I loved the food and a Extensive meal for 4 with deserts was a great value at under $75. We had a great lunch the next day with leftovers. Also the tasty bread comes to you right out of the oven. It was fun to watch it made. We will be back.
We love everything about this place..   Gyro n hummus rock...  Baklava is sooooo good.  Bresia is the nicest waitress.
Very sad that the owner has so little concern for how his servers are treated

As a local ( Spanish Trail  ). Awful that the owner cares more about the flash  & trash of the visitor than  neighbors

I will NEVER return to Khourys again.     I rang for 30 mins to place an order.  No one picked up.  VM each time.   On one last try ( as it is stated in their printed materials they are open 7 days per week ). Phone was picked up .. After 30 (!!!!) minutes on hold ( I was grocery shopping ).  I was hung up on.   
Once I placed my order.  I was told "30 mins".   
Upon arriving at the restaurant there was a group of about 40 people.   Loud.   Gross drunk.    Also many filthy. Uncleared tables from previous diners 

 I was told my food (take away) would be ready in10-15 mins
A hideous boisterous obtrusive man. (Drinking non stop)  berated the female servers.   Entered the kitchen telling the staff to "keep the kabobs coming "

At one point I asked one of the servers if I should ring the LVPD.   She hesitated & then said " world of poker players-- probably best not " 

There were people drimking & smoking on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant.   I asked if they were "World Series of poker players" & they confirmed they were 

I brought home 80.$ worth of food.   The kabobs were hard & over cooked 
The rest.  Mediocre at best 


Do not go here !!!!!!!!!
Do not let your daughter.  Friend. Sister.   Wife.  ANY female work here.    
Ugh ugh ugh.
THE BEST HUMMUS I've ever had!  Like ever. Fresh, healthy options. We love the catering options.
Good food and ambience!
Very good Mediterranean food with excellent customer service. My girlfriend had the Chicken Kabob and I had the falafel. Both items were good and the portions were rather large. Lots of food for the price. We especially like the hot pita and Baba Ganoush. We would definitely come back and recommend Khoury's if you are in the area. Keeping in mind that we only visited for lunch, I think I would prefer lunch (before 3:00) over dinner.
We work down the street and the entire staff LOVES this place. It is very hard to please everyone. When reps from various companies ask what to bring for a lunch in service, we always say Khourys!

I can even use it as bribe food lol Everyone looking forward to and excited about a Khourys day...gets lots more work out of them. Yes, it's about the simple things to us!

The bread is delicious and soft. It is the best rice, chicken, hummus and salad I've ever had and 15 staff all agree. Not many places do it all so we'll...they do! 

Baklava was a hit too! Brought a platter to my family's for 4th of July BBQ and everyone loved it. I didn't think the kids would like its complex taste in the midst of Oreos and chips ahoy, but I was wrong! They devoured the whole thing. These poor kids are deprived of delicious Mediterranean food, never having hummus before! That's a definite must-bring next get together. Especially hummus that's so hit or miss....Khourys is always consistently delicious.

Love their food!! Everyone does!
This place was fantastic! We had the beef and kafta kanob meals, hummus, lentil soup and baklava. Everything was so fresh and delicious.  Nice atmosphere and excellent service. The servers made it even more enjoyable for us. We highly recommend and will be back!
The fresh baked pita was amazing! I had the chicken sandwich with garlic sauce and it was very tasty! I will sure to be back!
I have been here twice and have loved it. The Jalapeo hummus and shrimp scampi are amazing and rice pudding topped with pistachios for desert is a perfect finish. Great atmosphere and service. I'll be back again soon.
Their lentil soup...delicious!! Their walnut salad...amazing!  I usually get these two things when I go. Generous portions in the salads with loads of whole walnuts. I've tried a few other dishes on the menu and they've been good, too. Oh yes, their fries are homemade and super tasty too!
Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up.
They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price.
The food is alright, however once again overpriced.
On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem.
This place is terrible and should be shut down.
This place was really fun, the owner is very friendly and makes you feel like you've known him for years. I will definitely be returning.
I really liked this place a lot.. I came here last weekend with a couple friends since it was the closest hookah lounge to wear we were eating. 

Once you walk in they check your IDs, you only have to be 18 to enter, but they'll make sure you don't get any alcohol. 

The place is decorated with dark colors and fabrics on the ceiling; kind of reminds me of Moroccan decor. It looks kind of old, but it's still very lively. The music is pumping and there's lots of people dancing. Unfortunately I was too shy to dance, but I really wanted to! It was really fun to just sit, smoke some hookah, and people watch. People were getting down like nothing Ive seen before. There were guys gyrating on the floor and girls trying to keep up! 

I'd like to come here again. It's a fun place to go if you're not 21 yet and you can't get into clubs.
Boy was I deceived!

I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...

I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong! 

Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people .. 
The decor was bad, even for low lighting. 
They could probably use a major make over...
servers were rude
hookah was decent
french fries made my stomach hurt

wont be going back unless i'm forced
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
After a traumatic day yesterday, I wasn't sure I wanted to make the trek from CenPho to Shea and 70th, but the plaintive look on Hubby's face made me give in- and I'm so glad it did. The place is in a strip mall, but is clean and bright and cheerful. We seated ourselves, and were given menus within minutes. Drinks followed shortly thereafter (they have an exceptional iced mint tea). 

The menu is not huge, but there are many standard fare selections and some dishes I have never seen before, like the Jerusalem Meatballs that Hubby got. They were flavorful, in a tomato based sauce, with rice, vegetables, and a garbanzo bean salad. I had the falafel sandwich- three big falafel balls with tomato, lettuce, a pickle spear, and tahini tucked in a pita. It was good- better than I have had elsewhere in the valley, but still can't live up to the magical falafel I ate almost daily during the summer I took Arabic at the University of Michigan. I got a side order of fries, which were natural cut, and tasted fine, but were not exactly piping hot when I got them.

The hummus we had as an appetizer was some of the best I've ever had, with a pool of delicious extra tahini in the center. Not too garlicky, not too lemony- just very thick and creamy. The pita was just as I like it, too- very warm, and a great balance of chewy and crispy.

Having read in some reviews that the baklava was nothing to write home about, we decided to share the only other dessert they offer- a chocolate mousse they make on site. It was dark, with a good texture, and very rich. There would have been no way I would have been able to eat a whole one and not lapse into a diabetic coma afterward.

The place was quite busy, but not so busy that anyone who came through the door had to wait for a table. The service was attentive and friendly. One waiter, as we paid our bill (inexpensive, by the way- $30 for drinks, appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert) said that this is the only restaurant he's ever worked in that he still wants to eat the food at the end of the night. Having spent many years in the restaurant/bakery business myself, that is high praise indeed.
I would have been absolutely devastated about Sabbudy's in Tempe closing if they hadn't opened a new location.  But they did.  Phew.  I cannot get enough of their potato salad.  It is seriously the best I have ever had.  Even better than Mom's (good thing Mom isn't very adept at surfing the Internet)!  And the falafel.  I always get the falafel.  Do you know what falafel is?  It's fried chickpea paste.  I have no idea how they get fried chickpea paste to taste so good.  And the lentil soup.  And the hummus.  And the wraps.  Okay.  I like it all.  But especially the potato salad.  Make sure you try the potato salad.
I'm a Heeb, and my business partner is Palestinian. Hows' that for a combination? 

One thing that we can always agree on is that they make the best hummus in town!

The hot Israeli waitresses are a plus, too.
Oh Sabuddy, how I love your delicious, authentic food and friendly staff.  The mint tea is perfect without any sweetening. Hummus is good and always has a lot of tahini and olive oil in the center. The lentil soup is why this place is legend now in Tempe.

The schnitzel is my favorite dish. A sesame and paprika covered chicken breast pounded thin and fried with love, served on top of marinated vegetables, rice, salad and hummus. My last visit was with some co-workers and all four of us ordered the same thing, and I got one to go.
YUM!! Great food, great service!! This will be a restaurant that we will go to again and again. The falafel's are amazing and such great hummus!!
okay. wow.

so, after reading reviews of Sabuddy here on yelp, we decided to make the long drive out to Scottsdale and have some middle-eastern fare...definitely an adventure worth having and gas money well spent!

it was quite empty in there(an hour before closing time), and the service was very attentive and friendly, the music pleasant and conducive to eating...

we started out with the labne(sweet cream cheese with spices and olive oil, served with warm pita)...it was okay; just normal cream cheese...I aimed for the olive oil when dipping my bread...

Jamie ordered the Israeli meatballs(covered in red sauce, perfectly seasoned and tender and served over savory rice, with tender, well-cooked green beans, carrots, and chickpeas--delicious)

I had the tabouleh(THE BEST tabouleh I've ever had--and I've had a lot!)...it was marinated in the perfect mix of lemon juice and olive oil..the bulgur was almost crispy, not soggy, mixed in with the chunks of tomato and parsley leaves.

I'm partial to adding hummus to my tabouleh, so we ordered a small hummus plate(creamy, a bit garlicky, but not overly so, and with a nice sprinkling of paprika on top, served with 2 more warm pitas)...

along with my salad, I had 2 falafel balls(only 50cents apiece); the best falafel I've ever had--a crispy, spiced shell surrounding a moist, tender, mushy center...kind of like middle-eastern hushpuppies, seriously and utterly incredible!

for dessert, we were convinced to buy the baklava and lemme tell you--I don't know what one of the other reviewers on here was talking about--it was moist, crispy, and drizzled in what seemed to be a cinnamon/honey/coffee sauce...we also ordered a pot of Turkish coffee--rich and hot with definite chocolate undertones...absolutely perfect and in barely any need of sugar after the supersweet, supersavory dessert.

we're already planning our next trip--he wants to try the shawarma, and I'm dying for the schnitzel and many, many more falafel balls!
Oh, why oh why didn't I just order the falafel platter?!?  I would have just liked, and not loved, Sabuddy Israeli had it not been for the $.50 falafel I had on the side of my shawarma sandwich.  The pita sandwich was good, but not having shawarma before I discovered it is not my favorite Israeli cuisine.  It was well seasoned with yellow curry all the way through the chicken, not overpowering but I just don't seem to care for yellow curry.  The pita also had tomato, an israeli pickle, lettuce (with a touch of lemon) and tahini.   

I ended up ordering four falafel balls total, in addition to my sandwich.
They are the perfect combination of hand ground garbanzo beans, garlic and a hint of cumin.  They are crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside.  All other falafels fail in comparison.  Next time I visit I solemnly vow to order the falafel platter complete with tabboulah, hummus and babaganooj.
Three of my girlfriends and I went to Sabuddy for a going away dinner for myself (I was leaving the country for three weeks).  I had picked the place hearing that the food was really good.  I described it as "real pita" on our drive there.  Definitely more authentic than most pita places and everything was very flavorful. 

We got there 20min before it was closing, but the attractive Israeli waiter (obviously recognizing that we were four hot young ladies) invited us to sit down. We chose an undressed table at the end of the restaurant, up against the large half circle window that covers nearly the entire wall facing Shea Boulevard.

The entire dinner (which was delicious by the way) was filled with loud laughter, (hardly) whispered comments about our attractive waiter, and wonderful sparks of wisdom like the newly coined Ganem Proverb: "Falafel is Falafel." We felt as if we had entered a vortex in which all of us had lost all of our social skills and made complete asses of ourselves in front of the cute waiter (who offered to take our picture at the end of the meal, but declined to allow us to take a picture of him...yeah, that was the least of the awkwardness...).
the last time i came here was when they were still located in Tempe, on University and Hardy so i don't know if they've changed their ways or not, but i'm going to go off of what i've experience thus far.

this place is AMAZING!!! i've never eaten Israeli food and when I first tried this place i was taken back on how excellent their food is. I think you have to have a sense of adventure when trying out this place, i say that because i took a friend of mine to this place who i thought would've been a little daring to try something new. he said he didn't care too much for it. just a fare warning to anyone you're thinking about taking there....

when i went there for the first time, i had no idea what i was gonna order and they were really helpful and suggested a meal that would acquire my taste and i was not disappointed. the customer service was very helpful and very kind. i can't wait to go back to this place!!!
I'm just not feeling the Sabuddy love. This was the second trip we made there. I tried it again tonight thinking maybe I wasn't fair last time -- maybe a year ago?

First off, it was FREEZING in the restaurant, and I had on jeans. I was shivering. Literally shivering.

The hummus had a strange consistency that made it stick to the back of my throat, and now my throat hurts like something gross is stuck. The pita was ok, but it didn't seem much better than what you get at the grocery store. I've had better.

I got the chicken shawarma plate. Eh. The chicken was too salty, not very warm and tasted odd. Perhaps it was old? I still can't get the salt out of my system. I think I need to go down a gallon of water. The salad on the plate was sort of pathetic.

My dining partner got the chicken pita sandwich. She was complaining that her stomach was burning after eating it. WTH?

The staff was nice, however the wait was purgatory. I thought I was going to freeze to death waiting for the check (which we had to ask for and then wait after asking).

I've had my fair share of Israeli food and various other sorts of Middle Eastern food. This was fair at best. 

I'm not sure why everybody raves about the hummus. (Christine does her best Simon Cowell Impression) If I'm being honest with you, the hummus at Fresh & Easy is a lot better.

Eh. *shrug* Not feeling the love. Sabuddy is not my buddy.
I liked it, didn't LOVE it.

My date and I (which was great btw) decided to go there, because I've just been dying to try this place.

He got the shawarma, which was good -- just different -- it had curry powder on it -- which I love.  The hummus that came with it, was sort of cloying -- it needed a bit more lemon juice or something.  It was a little too pasty.

I got the kabob -- which isn't like normal kebabs -- mean and veggies grilled on a stick.  It was ground beef that had spices and stuff in it.  The flavor was good, but the consistency was sorta rubbery.

We both got two falafel each -- they say they are famous for them.  They were good, but they weren't anything to do cartwheels over, either.  Honestly, they wouldn't have been all that interesting without the tahini on the side.

The prices were good -- but it's sort of a drag that they sell no booze.  A glass of wine *may* have made this a better experience.  

I'll just keep going to Elie's Deli for my Middle Eastern food fixes!
Great atmosphere, service and food.  But I found out it is closing in two weeks.  

I get together with 7-8 friends each month at a different foreign food restaurant and we thought let's try Israeli this month.  there was the typical falafil, hummus, etc. but then there is Russian Potato Salad and Schnitzel which was amazing!  Yummo...  As a group we eat everything family style so got 5 entries and 4 appitizers.  Each main entry was served with rice, roasted carrots with chick peas and green beans stewed with tomatos.  More food than we could eat so got to take home leftovers. 

Baklava was ok - a bit dry for my taste.  But I loved their mint iced tea, the waitress was so sweet and told us how they made it.  Just brew dried mint leaves and pour over ice.  

So I'm glad that I finally got to experience this restaurant but very sad to see it go.
Oh how sad!  My husband has been talking and talking and talking about coming back for their falafels when we go back to Scottsdale for Spring Training in March.  Now I have to tell him the bed news...*tear.
I miss this place.  Lots of live plants inside, and food that brought me right back home.
I'm not sure how I overlooked this place for so long--I thought I was doomed to make the trek down to Tempe whenever I wanted good authentic Middle Eastern food.

So far I've had their falafel pita, shawerma plate and lamb shish kabob plate.  All have been great. While I slightly prefer the food at Haji Baba's and Efe's/Med Fresh Grill, MEB&D is delicious enough that I can avoid the trip to Tempe. And I noticed some pictures adorning the walls in MEB&D of a wedding they had catered--I've now given up committed bachelorhood for the possibility of a wedding catered with such an awesome Middle Eastern food spread.

My only complaints are technical.   The hours are short: MEB&D closes at 8pm and on all day on Sundays. And the parking lot looks like it could get tight during a busy lunch rush, which I've avoided so far.
I asked a friend at The Arizona Republic if I could write a review on the best falafel in town. He didn't really seem to like the idea and never got back to me. Too bad, because I was looking forward to going to all the other Middle Eastern restaurants in town and comparing their falafel to MEBAD's, which is the best I've had in town so far.

The falafel at MEBAD is usually fantastic. Crispy on the outside, moist and tasty on the inside.  It's not overly oily and I've never had a dry falafel ball. And they're just the right size, about the size of a pinball. Occasionally I'll get a batch that is only slightly warmed up instead of freshly cooked, but they're still quite good.

The falafel sandwich is fine -- there are four or five balls in a pita with fresh lettuce, tomato and tahini for under $5 (I think) -- but I prefer the a la carte order, 5 piece falafel with a side of tahini and fresh pita for a couple bucks. I usually order that as an appetizer,  to share with others or eat myself in addition to a sandwich when I'm extra hungry.

Other than the falafel, I'm partial to the chicken gyros sandwich or plate. It's pieces of grilled chicken breast with lots of yummy middle eastern spices (which I think are still made and sold on premises) and caramelized onions. Couple that with tsatziki sauce + fresh pita and you've got one heck of a meal.

If you've got a sweet tooth, try the rice pudding, it's excellent. The baklava and halvah are great, too, but the pudding is the real winner. Made fresh daily and usually sells out. Now, if they could only make a dessert out of falafel....
Nice Falafel balls.
100 percent authentic dining experience, I felt like I was in  another country.  My shawawma pita had very good flavor with just the right spices.  The hummus was good, but I prefer the hummus of Pita Jungle to be honest.  Can't wait to go back and try more items menu looks great.

Keep in mind this is a deli, not a fancy restaurant, so you order at the counter and dine on small uneven tables.  Good lunch spot.  

Everything in the deli/store looked very good with some unusual items.
What a fantastic place! I've been here many times and never had a complaint. The chicken tandoori salad is wonderful! Out of the ordinary and very tasty. Babaganoush is extraordinary. Doesn't look like much, but what a flavor! Their pita sandwiches are outstanding whether it is the chicken, lamb, falafel or babaganoush. Go outside the box and try something new here as I've yet to be disappointed.
I can't say enough about this place. I love to get lunch there, and leave with stuff to-go. They have some incredible home-made olives with different spices. I am an olive snob and can't say enough about them. You can also get hummus and baba ghanooj to go, as well as their freshly made (they are a bakery) pitas.  They also have some interesting mixes, canned beans, etc. They have a lot of Sadaf products which is cool because I used to actually mail order from them once in a while! 

On the lunch side, I love all their vegetarian food and often get a vegetarian platter or falafel sandwich or plate, etc. Their tabouli is out of this world good - lots of fresh mint and parsley, lemon juice, it's perfect if you are into the Lebanese taste. I've never ordered meat there but I've seen other people order it and it looked great. The food is delicious and home made tasting. Their baklava is superb. Split some with your lunch mate. 

If I were to succinctly describe their food it is fresh, healthy, authentic, and delicious. 

I gave it 5 stars. Not 5 stars like a fine dining type restaurant - 5 stars because they do their type of ethnic food with unfailing perfection and authenticity and consistency across multiple visits. 

Middle Eastern Bakery is keepin it REAL yo! ( blatant fishing for cool ratings!)
I decided to come here for lunch and I got the shawawma plate with rice, spinach and yogurt, hummus, and a house-made pita. The shawawma was tasty, the spinach and yogurt everyone were really good, the rice was a bit over cooked, but I add the sumac powder and butter and it even makes it better.  The hummus was kind of bland. The cashier lady awesome, very friendly.  I would come here again.
Creeping senility: I thought I'd reviewed this place in 2005. The public area is probably about 600 square feet, but every inch is jammed with Fertile Crescent / Mediterranean goodness.

This is a bakery, restaurant, and grocery. The restaurant part of the operation has a an extensive menu of flesh-based and vegetarian options. There are plates, salads, and sandwiches. The plates (kebabs, gyros, etc,.) usually come with a decadent rice pilaf, your choice of tabbouleh or Greek salad, and tsatsiki. There are a few grilled chicken dishes, and the chicken is always moist with a nice char.

MEB&D also bottles its own spices. Not as diverse as Penzey's, but it's nice to have an option on 16th St. Hat tip to Adam M. on the olives -- they're delicious.

Dessert? They serve different forms of baklava, turkish coffee, and homemade halvah (they'll slice off a piece with a scimitar-looking blade for a sample -- impress your friends!).

Tips:
- You can buy Greek tobacco soap.
- The soup of the day is always avgolemono. It always will be until the mountains crumble and our love is through. Sometimes there's an excellent red lentil as a second option. 
- They have great par-cooked or reheatable stuff  -- it's in the frozen section.
- MEB&D is an effective and affordable option to cater a party on short notice (I've done this).

IMO the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. The components are all four-star, but the place gets the fifth for the "park-once, enjoy-many" experience.
Don't let the look of the place scare you off. 

It's a small and cramped store in a little strip mall along 16th Street right north of Thomas.  It has a small store on one side of the building and a small counter on the other side with a few beat up tables to sit at and eat.

Like I said....don't let the look of the place scare you off. 

The food is excellent. Always enjoy everything I order. 

The falafel pita sandwich is always tasty....some of the softest yet crunchiest falafel I've had....good stuff. Have tried the gyros sandwich too. Great flavor and their sauce just adds to the enjoyment of the sandwich.

But the hummus is what I go for. The best hummus I've ever had. Don't know what they do to it...but it's just always so rich and creamy. And has that 'nutty' flavor to it also. 

Buy some of their freshly made pita bread....some fresh hummus....and you're set.

A small hidden treasure of central Phoenix.
Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
This place has very authentic middle eastern food that will leave you satisfied and is probably my favorite in all of Phoenix. Expect great flavors, fresh ingredients, good service and a place to buy in bulk many of the components of the meal you order there.

I recommend the combo plate for you first time- you get to try a little bit of everything- the hummus, tabouleh, babaganouj, falafel, dolmas, kibbeh, gyro, tszatsiki and bread. The tabouleh is super fresh and flavorful and the babaganouj is some of the best I have had.
I always passed by this place when I'd go down 16th street but I never thought about going in to try it. I'm a student at Phoenix College and for my biology class we had an assignment to go to a store of another culture and study the food they eat and the main ingredients of their diet. I wanted to do a different culture that I didn't know that much about. Since it's just right down the road it was the perfect place to finish the assignment but still be able to get back in a few hours to go to lab. 

When we got there I told the man that I had an assignment so walking around with a piece of paper and looking at things wouldn't scare him into thinking we were from the health department or something. He was totally fine with it and we went on our way to getting the assignment done. Of course the cultural experience comes with actually trying the food from the culture. I got some pita bread with hummus while my friend tried the imjadora. We shared so we all got to try the different things. The food was very good! Not only that but they kept coming over to check to see how we were doing. He even let us try the falafel which was also incredible. I am amazed not only by this great food but the amazing service that my friends and I received at this place. I have to say it's the best I have ever seen at a restaurant and we will definitely make it a place to eat lunch at more often.
So I walked in the door and ordered a falafel sandwich and a side order of hummos.  Pretty standard.

But then... but THEN... the owner, a kind older gentleman, saw my Illinois driver's license and asked where I was from.  Turns out, he used to own restaurants (including my fave) in the same Chicago neighborhood that I went to college in.  We-eird.  We really hit it off and had some nice conversation about how great Chicago is and how much we miss it (I know, I know, probably not the right audience)... and then he asked me if I had ever eaten at Pita Inn.  Um, HAVE I?  HAVE I?  Um, yes, I used to be addicted to Pita Inn, thank you very much.  The best hummos in all the world.  He said, "We have very good hummos, but ours is second only to Pita Inn."  An honest man.  I appreciate that.

Then he proceded to give me all types of freebies, "You should try... Oh!  and this... and this..." I heart Chicago solidarity.

Enough gushing.  Their food was delicious.  Really good.  But the SERVICE was second-to-none.  Thank you, midwestern nice and Middle Eastern Bakery.
The only thing that saved this from two stars was the baba ganoush and Gabi!  We shared a plate of the baba and hummus.  Covered with veggies and olive oil.  This was better than my actual lunch, which was a small Greek salad.  
Uh...Greek????  It was romaine lettuce, a few chopped red peppers and purple onion slices with...Italian dressing.  Read: tasted just like WishBone.  Seriously.  I was disappointed, because I've read the reviews.  Maybe I just need to try other stuff.  It had a store inside, too, but I didn't have much time to check the shelves.
Oh, and they pushed the lemonade BIG TIME!  Neither one of us wanted  it, but they did give us a free cup of it.  It was pretty good!
I'll go again.
I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...

It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  
I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!

As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.

The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!

I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!
I just cant say enough about this place. One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is one of my favorite places to eat. I use to go a lot back then, when the owner Alex somehow disappearred to the Middle East ( maybe finally getting married ).  They use to stack their portions with a lot of meat. Since new ownership, they are cut back on the protons but the food is awesome as usual. Their mix grill and chicken kabobs are a must try. With the aromatic smell of their rice along with a side salad with greek dressing, it compliments the meat very well. Their homemade lemonade was very tasty and the owner is very nice along with his staff. Kinda like home cooking except when they get super busy, be prepared to wait awhile, but well worth it.
After moving to Bay Area, i still miss this place SOOOO MUCH. 

Baba, rice pilaf, lamb, gyros, salad, oh my god. BRING IT HERE to Norcal.
Purely authentic food. Very tasty, wonderful atmosphere. I have yet to dive into their full offerings, but this will be a regular rotation for me.
My boyfriend works at the pawn shop next door, (not nearly as seedy as it looks - stop in and buy some junk!), and I love middle eastern food - those two cardinal reasons are what prompted me to visit the Middle Eastern Bakery, and I have never been disappointed by anything...except for the parking and the long waits. 

The falafel is delicious...some of the best I've ever had, and while I do not consider myself to be a connoisseur, I do consider myself to be relatively well-versed in the arts of falafel! I love the lemonade. The hummus is probably the only thing I am not crazy about...it is pretty basic, without a lot of accouterments and extra ingredients. This might really do it for you, but I have developed an unfortunate taste for hummus that is less authentic and more "fancy." 

Parking is difficult at almost anytime of the day, because the businesses right there, (the pawn shop, the Middle Eastern Bakery and the antique store), have their own parking lots but experience overflow from the other businesses frequently. Pawn shop customers park in the Middle Eastern Bakery lot, and vice-versa. However, don't be discouraged by a full front lot! There is a large (if a little forbidding-looking) parking lot behind the Middle Eastern Bakery - it is perfectly fine to park there and walk through the little alley to the Bakery. 

Esam, the man who owns/runs the Middle Eastern Bakery, is very friendly and funny. If you visit often, he will remember you and will often surprise you with fun freebies - I have received more free halva than I could ever eat. You will receive more charming and personalized service if you go when it is slow, (morning time, after 1:00 PM), but I have never seen him be curt or unfriendly. 

Speaking of slow vs. busy times - if you are going there at any time close to your lunch break, you will find it to be very busy. There are usually two long, discouraging lines - one, of people ordering their food, and the second of people waiting to receive the food they've ordered. It can be overwhelmingly crowded at times, and it has been a rare occasion that I've made it in and out in under half an hour. If you have a long lunch, good for you! Head over there. If not, maybe wait to try the Middle Eastern Bakery on your day off. 

If you are a hookah enthusiast, they have a small assortment of shisha and hookah accessories for sale. They also sell a variety of middle eastern products and knick-knacks.
I love a good falafel!
I went here today with some co-workers. Everyone came away happy and willing to go back. The shop is a half restaurant / half grocery store affair and I will second all of the comments on good service. They go out of their way to make sure you're happy and "real" restaurants could learn a thing or two from them. The food itself wasn't to die for but definitely hit the spot. I recommend you give it a shot.
I love Mom and Pop places, I usually go out of my way to find them...My wife did a window covering job for a client who was Lebanese back in '95 and she recommended this place to us.  Mary and her son John were the owners at the time and we made it there at least once every two weeks.  Haven't been in awhile until last week...stopped in to pick up some flat breads and feta....well I must say the present owner is an incredibly nice guy and it helps he is from Chicago!  Anyhoo, he gave me a glass of lemonade, so now I gotta stay for lunch...the food is better than the previous owners and I will be back soon!  And he is special ordering me some barberries for Persian cooking..I like this guy!
A great neighborhood gem offering something different.  The pita is excellent.  Warmed up with a little olive oil and they become the best snack this side of blueberries.  The gyros are also tasty and a nice and lighter deviation from the heavy Kronos variety that we see everywhere else.
Yup, this place is very good. 

Friendly service... check!
Fair prices... check!
AMAZING food... check!
Best Lemonade I've ever had... check!

They are also very knowledgeable about their food ingredients, so if you have food allergies or prefer not to indulge in certain ingredients, you will have no problem dining here.

I personally recommend the Lamb, it was fantastic.
Great place! The ambiance was very comfortable and felt authentic. You dine in the middle the deli surrounded by baked goods, meats and canned delicacies. 
I don't remember the names of the things I ate but their rice was moist and delicious, the pastries were excellent and the meat was too.
damnit.. just wrote a detailed review, but I got dropped from the network and lost it.. 

Fresh, Traditional, Tasty food. I will be back. Go early to beat the 12 o clock rush.

Get some lemonade. 

Parking Sux
When I saw they had Fattoush I had to run right over.  I haven't had a Fattoush salad since I move to Phoenix.  Well.... the salad was good but it wasn't the Fattoush I'm used to. Instead of fresh parsley, sumac and purslane, there was dried parsley no sumac, or purslane and instead of toasted fresh pita there were very hard croutons.  Don't get me wrong the salad was still good, but not the fattoush I'm used to.  My quest for the fattoush I remember continues.  I will return to try their schwarmae and they have a nice little middle eastern grocery as well.
Family owned and operated restaurant with middle eastern grocery store. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. I had the Schwarama sandwich and it was delicious. I would definitely eat here again.
This place is amazing. Absolutely LEGIT. Some of the best shawarma and hummus in the US (Zankou Chicken in LA is a close competitor). The pita sandwiches are stuffed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dressing (depending on preference). Ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. And the Jasmine infused lemonade is crazy sweet, but really good. 

I love this place, and have been a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.
I thought it was just okay.  The gentleman behind the counter was quite friendly, as promised by the reviews, but the food was so-so.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high by Yelp.  I like Haji Baba in Tempe better.
Falafel!  Not quite Moshe's on Avenue of The Americas in NYC. But really really good. Crispy and Moist. We went here for lunch today. Got there at 11:30. It's primarily a grocery and bakery, there's a kitchen in the back and they have about a dozen tables. There were about 3 tables filled when we arrived but by 12:30 every table was full, there was a line at the counter and people filing into the place. We each had a different dish, and we were all happy with our meals. I am going to return here and would recommend it for lunch or take out.
Not bad but not particularly great either.  I continue to be disappointed by the middle eastern food in this town.

I stopped in at lunch on a weekday and waited in a very long line.  The place was hopping.  I ordered a $7.99 combination plate which featured hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, falafal and tabouli.  

Alas, it was merely adequate.  First of all, the portions were miniscule, even for lunch.  The hummus and baba were served in little plastic ramekins (i.e., ketchup cups).  This is a bit ridiculous in and of itself - I mean hummus is not exactly a high food cost item but more to the point, neither was particularly tasty.  The baba ganoush was watery and lacking in flavor and the hummus was nothing special with no detectable garlic.  The shawarma was exactly two thin strips of meat.  Four small falafel balls. And of course one small piece of pita bread.  

I asked for more bread and they brought another piece, but I'm always baffled by American middle eastern restaurants that serve you one piece of pita bread.  This cuisine traditionally calls for copious amounts of bread and one piece of bread just doesn't cut it.

So summing up, bland food and small portions do not a memorable lunch make.
I like Feta.  A lot.

The Middle Eastern bakery has THREE different kinds of Feta!  For me?  To buy?!?  Yes please.

I've only done take out from this joint, and so far I've been very pleased with the entire experience.  The food is reasonably priced and delicious, and the market has a great assortment of hard to find stuff.

The baked goods are great.  There's nothing quite like getting a bag of fresh pita bread to take home.  

The Tabbouleh is wonderful.  I can't explain how it's different, but I can't leave the bakery without a container of it.

I will mention the Feta again.  Three different kinds!  Greek, French and Hungarian.  I was planning on making some Greek-ish burgers for dinner and I must say, the Feta went perfectly.

I'm a bit biased about this place since it's within walking distance from my home, but I can safely say that I'll be visiting Middle Eastern Bakery at least once a week.
i'm in love with haji baba, so the thought of trying falafel from another middle eastern restaurant felt like cheating. but i'm glad i did. the falafel sandwich from middle eastern bakery and deli was crispy on the outside, warm, soft and flavorful on the inside. the pieces were small, but there were plenty inside the pita. the bread was delicious too. i'm sad that this is located so close to work because i'll be "forgetting" my lunch a lot more often. the prices are slightly higher than haji (i paid $5 and change for the sandwich alone) but it was still a relatively good deal.
This is a solid little bakery/deli. If you know me at all, you know I love my Middle Eastern food and I love little Middle Eastern places like this. So, without being biased, I'll list what was good from this particular spot:

Great lemonade which is accented by orange flower.

Great falafel! Yes, the falafels here are wonderful and bite size!

Great pitas. A little on the pricey side for a bag of them, but I've been eating them all week and I don't feel like I wasted a penny. 

**They also make their own pita chips dusted with za'atar! Those with some labne would be scrumptious!**

Good shawerma, got a pita sandwich with tahini and was pretty pleased.

Okay hummus. Definitely not the best I've had, but much better than the plain stuff you might get from a super market.

I'm definitely going back to try more! Next on my list are the spinach pies, their labne and their fresh pitas covered in za'atar.
Hands down, the best falafels ever.  Perfectly crunchy on the outside and so flavorful.  I love their lamb kabobs too.  Their simple rice and salad are so tasty.  I also like their eggplant sandwich...and it is even better when you put falafels in the sandwich.  Mmmmmmm!  Lemonade is ok, a tad too sweet for me.  A perfect place for a satisfying lunch!
Love the vegetarian sampler, which I usually get with wheat pitas. Delicious falafel. And I think their baklava nests are also quite nice. You can taste just a hint of flower in there which is lovely.

They use the same flower essence in the lemonade, which I have to say *is* pretty good, especially since I don't really like lemonade. Its way too sweet though. Once I took it home and watered it down which made it much more refreshing. Otherwise I feel like I need some water to wash down the lemonade.
Best pitas ever!  Been coming here for over 15 years and outside of your own kitchen they are "the only show in town".
Best Falafel pita in town with the best falafel in it! 

Name name says Bakery and Deli, but it is really a cafe with a market.

The menu is posted on the wall above the counter you order at, it has many items plates, pitas and more. 

I went with my middle eastern usual, a falafel pita ($5.49) It comes stuffed in a round 6-7 inch pita with some hummus, tahini, lettuce a tomato slice and some onion. The real star here is the fresh crunchy, small falafel balls that are moist and packed with flavor. The hummus completes this flavor package while the tomato onion and lettuce are just along for the ride. The pita is soft and fresh..

My only complaint is at 5.49 is it about $1 more than a good value. 

My coworkers went with a few different plates that included chicken, rice salad and a pita, they also enjoyed their food.

When we left there were no free tables so get here before 12.
So I went here for lunch and I gotta say I was very pleasantly surprised. 

I was really in the mood for middle eastern food and searched on Yelp for locations. When this one came up I was intrigued so I decided to check it out. When I arrived I was a little concerned as it was a convenience store looking place rather then a restaurant but one side is dedicated to the food. I ordered falafel balls with Hummus as well as the Shewarma. 

The falafel were great!! Very well done and tasted great dipped in the hummus. The Hummus was a bit greasy but thats ok...reminded me of the real stuff! :) The shewarma on the other hand was mediocre. It is very hard to find good shewarma that is prepared right and sliced right. This was more bits of Chicken (Which is not the traditional meat) that were marinated then stuffed into a pita. 

I would come again and try the Gyro and I'd have the falafell again in a heart beat. Their Pita bread is baked fresh there and is delicious...you can also grab a bag to go if you want fresh pita. 


Overall not a bad lunch spot....I have yet to find a great Shewarma place in the US, but the search is still on.
I have been going to this place for a few weeks now.  Phenomenal middle eastern food.   It's my favorite, and I consider myself a connoisseur of middle eastern food.  My favorite was Sabuddys in Tempe.  It's long gone now, but it's food was of similar quality.  Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe has the freshest salads and tabouli with just the right proportions, ingredients, and dressing.  Their meats including beef and chicken kabobs, lebanese chicken, and lamb are marinated nicely and grilled to perfection.  Their humus and tahini have great texture and flavor.  Their falafel is fantastic.
1. This place is awesome
2. The staff is unbelievably generous and friendly
3. A great option for vegetarians
4. The falafel is the best in town
5. THE LEMONADE. OMG, THE LEMONADE. We're addicted.
I LOVE this place.  I was never a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine.  That is, until my coworkers made me eat there with them.  The employees who work there treat you as if you've been coming in for years and are very funny.  My favorite meal there is the Falafel plate (good for vegetarians) accompanied by a large lemonade.  The lemonade is without a doubt the best lemonade i've ever had.  This place is definitely as good as it gets, nothing bad to say about it at all.
After living downtown a while now I had to come to think I'd never find a rebound for Haji Baba, I grew despondent and longed for their market and cheap delicious food, on the light rail rides that brought me to Haji Baba my mouth would water as I anticipated my falafel and hummus and favorite confections. I became resigned and assumed I'd just have to make the long trek down there every time the hunger struck.
Then as fate would have it the "Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli" caught my eye, luring me in with the hint of what treasures I might find inside.
Not only am I over you Haji Baba, I'm thriving, you see I've found a place that is probably better for me than you'd ever be. So with that in mind, and some appropriate mood music let me give a litany of reasons why i promise to love you complete Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFIOu2sYxoc
-your falafel is delicious, it is probably the best I've ever had, and for a few bucks you can buy a plate of them, appropriately tiny and crispy golden and crunchy on the outside and warm soft and flavourful on the inside. with tzatziki sauce or some warm hummus and soft pita they make a perfect meal.
-your bakery and deli is so welcoming and comfortable and merely a short bike ride away from my place of residence
-your prices are so reasonable i almost feel guilty..
-your baked goods and confections and broad selection of middle eastern delicacies is heart warming to me.
-and your lemonade! lordy. probably the best i've ever had, and i dont just say that about every piece of lemonade i've bagged.
-your owners are so kind and welcoming, they make you feel right at home. ;^)
i love middle eastern bakery and deli, and despite the generic name it is what it purports to be, and that's a quality that is becoming increasingly rare.
Across the street from my work.  Everything I've had here is tasty, from the kibbeh to the falafel.  Hummus & baba ghanouj are obviously very divisive topics, but the baba-g here is the best I've ever had - so smoky!  so creamy!

The market is a great feature, too - olives & feta, lots of dried goods, seemingly out of place cookbooks from a serious called "this bitch can..." (e.g., "this bitch can cook for a party").

Not the best (or cheapest) Middle Eastern food I've had, and not the best market, but somehow the place is more than the sum of its part.  The rosewater lemonade is kind of what pushes this place into five-star territory - the stuff is DEFINITELY the best lemonade I've ever had, and hits the spot on our hot summer days.
get their veggie combo.

great place to buy feta and olives!

the rosewater lemonade is so refreshing!

sweet owners!
5 stars for a simple market and deli with some killer good freshly prepared food.

I've been coming here for years.  I find the portions to be reasonable, and the quality of the food top notch.  Go to the counter, place  your order, and they'll call you up to do a pick up when it's ready.

Nothing like going in for a quick lunch and walking out with a bunch of grocery items, a chunk of feta, a pound of tabbouleh, and a bag of freshly baked pita breads.

I'm a fan of their food overall.  There are excellent options for vegetarians.  They also make outstanding stuffed grape leaves.  True story- during one of my pregnancies I craved these, and went twice a week to get them.  They are as good now as they were then.

There is seating here, so you can go with a small group and have lunch easily.

Don't forget to pick up some freshly prepared baklava for dessert!
The owner here will gladly, without fail, devote time to helping each customer decide what they're looking for. Because of this the line tends to get backed up. This is just about the only downside to the place, which is otherwise amazing and staffed with some of the friendliest people in Phoenix. I highly recommend stuffing yourself to the brim with falafel, taboule and tzatziki. DO NOT leave without trying the lemonade. It's bizarre, almost jarring at first, but it'll get you hooked.
Since you probably don't know what to expect... here's what to expect: 

Vibes: The owners are exceptionally sweet and friendly (As in, free lemonade and halva cake?! What the deuce!) There's no strong overwhelming Arab or Israeli influence, just a perfect, little mecca of all things authentically Middle Eastern, from Labneh to imported Pareve chocolate spread.

Location: A funky fresh exterior covered in graphic art, like World Peace signs, baklava, camels and snakes... and generally sparse parking.

Food: A surprisingly diverse and wonderful selection of food to please the meatless palate. We ordered the vegetarian sampler, which is a solid one-person sized lunch consisting of a pita, four falafel, a spinach pie, four little dolmas, baba ganoush, hummus, tabbouleh, and tzatziki. The falafelim were better than the ones I had in Jerusalem. So blasphemous... yet so crispy.

Other: They have sheep's milk cheese. That is a big deal. Also, their iced tea and lemonade are both delicious, meaning the potential for the perfect Arnold Palmer is right at your fingertips.

In a word: Unique. This is the most accommodating, authentic, friendly, and, dare I say, seemingly neutral Middle Eastern restaurant and market I have yet to encounter. If you're not convinced of MEBAD's worthiness by now... dir balak. Now go eat! B'tayavon!
Isam, owner, is so friendly and helpful. I would go back just to support him. It helps that the gyros are delicious, the pita is fresh and soft. Lemonade just might have an addictive ingredient in it :). I will be back for more!
It's awful of me not to have updated this in a more timely fashion.

Simply put, Middle Eastern Bakery is fantastic.  Excellent food, great lemonade, superb market and low prices!

What really makes the place stand out is the service.  I'd like to share a recent experience I had.

After ordering some take out, I struck up a conversation with the owner, who was eating breakfast.  We discussed the various types of feta available, and which kind was best.  This guy, the owner, sliced off a piece of cheese from his own breakfast and gave me a sample.  That's right, he feels so strongly about his goods that he was willing to share his breakfast.

I love this shop and only wish that the hours of operation were more in line with my schedule.
They serve gluten-free pita here!  No review has mentioned that yet, but to anyone who loves hummus/other-dippable-Middle-Eastern-dishes but can't eat gluten, it's pretty big news and really sets them apart :)

Gluten-free, pillow-y soft pita bread.  I have a bite of it in my mouth as I type.  (They sell it by the dozen to take home, or you can order it with your meal.)
Yummy!

I had the sampler plate and loved all of the options, especially the Tabouli! I am not a big fan of this minty dish, but theirs had a little more grain which made it perfect to me. I liked the falafel balls and the rolled grapeleaves too. I definitely will be back and will try the Beef Shawarma next time. Sorry everyone, but I was not as impressed with the lemonade as it was hyped up to be.
This place has really good food and one of the best, most fresh, healthiest version of a gyro (yet authentic) I have ever had.  Delicious felafel.  The market is fun and full of goodies.  The bakery is fresh and has delicious pita and other assorted items.  The only reason this place is not getting a five star review from me is because for the money, I think the portions could stand to be just a little larger.  But hey you get what you pay for and here you get delicious quality food albeit not cheap.
If you are gluten free... Stop what you're doing and get on over to the Middle Eastern Deli for their GF pita. Seriously, it's that good. You'll thank me later. 

Now I'd love a few more gf options on the menu, which the owner says are in the works.
Ok, as an avid carnivore, I must say that the grilled beef is pretty damn good.  But don't stop there - and please note, i'm sticking with just the basics here.  The pita bread, the plain ol' pita bread - great stuff, especially warm.  And besides all the delicious traditional Arabic sweets (halvah, don't tempt me!!), try their unassuming butter cookies.  So good!
One of my clients recently recommended this place to me, so I went by yesterday to grab a bite before heading back in to work. I immediately felt welcomed by the owner who introduced himself, and gave me a little background info after I told him it was my first time in. He had several vegetarian meal options on the menu, which always makes me happy. I got the spanakopita plate with a salad (a real salad, not just a few iceberg leaves with shredded carrots) and a lemonade. Yes, THE lemonade! I swear it induces euphoria, it's like the perfect spring day, melted down and poured over ice. Anyhow, I saw that they serve Arabic coffee (which I love), so I ended up sitting awhile to enjoy a cup and chat with Isam (the owner), who has got to be one of the most amicable men in Phoenix (which reminds me, I must bring my Dad in for dinner). I ended up bring my bff in for coffee and treats this morning. We also got some falafel and hummus. The falafel was perfect, crispy and herbacious on the outside, and soft and moist on the inside. We left fat and happy, and with two cups of lemonade :)
Awesome. Pure awesome. Food is great. Cool little place. Oh and get the lemonade. You have no choice. Don't question, just get it. Your life will change as you discover the super powers you've acquired from the lemonade.
I really can't get over the lemonade. Drastically succulent.
Best chicken kebab and lemonade ever! Plus owner is the sweetest man alive. You leave feeling like family.
Amazing felafel and extremely friendly service. The lemonade is ok. Not sure what the hype is about. You can tell they use honey in it which adds a unique taste to it. Also took home some baklava which was very good. Next time I'm craving some good middle eastern food I'll be coming here.
They have GLUTEN FREE PITAS!!!!!!!!!!!! And they're fuggin cheap! Like $3.50 a package or something ridiculous like that. You can sub your pita with your meal for a GF pita at no cost.

I'm eating one as I type this, no joke. I'm now a starch addict again thanks to Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli. I don't know if that's a good thing or not ;) 

Seriously, I can't say enough good things about this place. Their rice is to-die-for. The lamb and kafta kabobs are the best. I've found the chicken kabobs can be a little dry at times so I generally go for the darker meats. The salads are the best I've ever had, their dressing is amazing. Oh, and their lemonade is the best. It's made with rose water and honey, you HAVE to try it! I'm not a huge lemonade drinker so I usually get an Arnold Palmer to cut the sweetness, or as the owner likes to call it, an "Arnold Schwarzenegger." Seriously, get the lemonade or an Arnold Schwarzenegger, you won't be disappointed. 

Every Friday I work in downtown Phoenix and come here to pick up a multiple packs of gluten-free pitas and get a fab lunch. I always think I'll try someplace else close to downtown but I just can't pass this place up. 

The owner is super knowledgeable about his food and extremely sweet. Everyone that works there is very, very friendly and knowledgeable. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
Amazing service! Such nice people, it's so refreshing to find a jem like this. Plus they have the best gluten free pitas, and plan on making gf baklava! So excited! Can't say enought great things about this place! Looooooove it!
I've been here twice now since living here a month, and I love it. The owner treats you as if you're his favorite customer from way back when. He told me proudly about the photo of his nephew graduating from the Air Force Academy as I ordered lunch, and offered me a refill of lemonade for the road when I was heading out the door. The middle of this story consists of me inhaling a falafel pita (with homemade hot sauce and pickles inside) which was better than most falafel I ate while recently in the Middle East (but not quite as good as Amsterdam Falafel in Adams Morgan...ooooh DC I miss you!!). If you want a twist on that irresistible lemonade, ask for a Terminator.
When my wife and I visited for the first time last weekend, the owner was so happy to see us as well as explain the whole menu and recommend what we should get.  We ordered the combo plate and loved it!  We also got his secret formula lemonade, a slice of delicious Halvah and Turkish coffee afterwards.  You have to request the hot sauce and mix it with the hummus (per the owner's recommendation).  We got such great customer service and were really impressed with their spice selection, this will not be the last time we visit!
This place is everything you'd ever want from a mom-and-pop eatery. My husband and I are HUGE fans of the gluten-free pitas, and I buy their fresh blocks of feta when I'm doing my own Mediterranean home-cookin'. The food is TO DIE FOR (I always indulge in a rice pudding on my way out!) and the people are so sweet and nice! This place has easily become one of my favorite spots. Don't forget to try the lemonade!
Great service.  My son and I went for our first time and they bought us lemonade.  It was fresh and fantastic.  The service was wonderful... continually offering us refills.  My son got the hummus with gluten free pita and a gyros on GF pita.  The pita bread was so good I bought a pack to bring home.  For only $3.50 my husband and son have had 24 sandwiches.  12 slices of pita makes 24 pita pocket sandwiches!!  Great deal!

I ordered the vegetarian combination was enjoyed everything I ate.
I have had a lot of traditional middle eastern food, but this place is on its own level. TRY THE LEMONADE and the falafal is the best I've ever had.
When I last lived in Phoenix, I would pass by this place repeatedly, vowing that next time I would stop and give it a try. Well, "next time" became today for lunch, and I have to say that I was not disappointed. I ordered their kibbeh appetizer and a falafel pita sandwich. The kibbeh, again, like at Haji Baba, was served more like a piece of pie rather than a dumpling with a fried bulgur wheat shell, but this time, happily, the meat was well seasoned. Their falafel was fresh and soft inside, with a bit of crunch on the outside, and nicely spiced. The portions were just right. I would definitely come here again. Already, I look forward to trying their Middle Eastern spinach pie, which I haven't enjoyed in a long time. I know some people might find it unusual to have a restaurant in the middle of a grocery store, but I was not put off by it. In fact, after eating, I had the opportunity to do some browsing and spotted jars of an Egyptian lentil soup spice blend on sale, which I intend to buy during a future visit. As far as my first impression is concerned, the Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is a hidden gem near downtown Phoenix. Give it a try.
Yummy hummus, great shop with some hard to find feta cheeses and lots of frozen goodies, very kind and gracious owner.  Their falafel sandwiches are very very good.  Definitely drink the lemonade while you're in here...you'll be a fan forevermore.
I've never actually had authentic Middle Eastern food before so I have nothing to base this on, but it was delicious and filling! 

Got the "shawerma" which seemed like mostly beef (it says beef and lamb on the menu but not having lamb before, I couldn't tell the difference), marinated and grilled, with a side of Greek salad (basically a regular ceasar salad with tomatoes, feta, and pickled turnips). It came with a side of super soft, delicious pita bread - which is baked fresh every day. I made a sort of taco with it and it was amazing. 
The meat pieces weren't quite what I expected (my knowledge of shawarma comes 100% from The Avengers film so I expected shaved meat wrapped in a lefse served in foil) but it was more akin to carne - but marinated and cooked to perfection so absolutely NO complaints here.
The food was super fragrant in the best way and a little food filled me up. We also got the lemonade which won the New Times Best Of Phoenix award. It's fresh lemonade with rose water, honey and orange water (?) instead of sweeteners/sugar. It has a very strong honey flavour and is almost like drinking incense. It made my breath smell great after the shawarma and was really unique and delicious. Free refills too!

Because we mentioned it was our first time, the owner offered Turkish coffee and their baklava - super delicious! The coffee comes in this cute tiny cup and has cardamom (one of my favourite spices!) in it and the baklava was super good. The filo was perfectly flakey and the honey was top quality and fresh. 

All that food and drink for under $13. AMAZING.

They also have a few aisles of imported and in-house foods. I got a pretty large bag of pitas, a 16oz thing of fresh hummus and a bag of super soft "cracker" bread (markook? chapati? I'm not sure what it's actually called because it wasn't labeled) for under $12. 

I'm super impressed with this tiny local shop/restaurant and I will definitely be back!
the have gluten-free pita. GLUTEN FREE PITA! and it's soft and fluffy and delicious and they won't charge you extra for it. i actually thought they gave me the regular wheat kind the first time i had it because it's so delectable. you can also buy it by the package for something crazy like $4. that's right, i said gluten free.
I really want to give 6 stars to this place for their very nice service and the food prepared from their heart with passion.. 

My husband and I just moved to the area and tried out this place for lunch today. They really made me say "WOW". The pita bread is soooo soft. All the dishes on my vegetarian sampler plate were made just perfect with great taste. 

Their lemonade is so special. I'm not a big fan of lemonade as it is too sour for me but this lemonade is not sour and has very tender taste. I think they said they add rose water or/and orange blossom water.

The food here is way better than that at Beiz Market. Grocery area is kind of small but they have the right items for middle eastern cooking. And in the freezer you can find the dishes on the menu like grape leaves, pita, spinach pie, etc. so you can bring back home and eat later. They also have fresh bakery of course. We bought feta cheese pita bread.

I can tell from the food they really love food and really know how to cook. 
I have a feeling I will go back to this place very soon.
I'd give it more than 5 stars if I could.  This place is a bit out of the way for us, but we love it so much it's worth the drive.  The food is scrumptious - the best Middle Eastern in town!   I especially love their falafel sandwich and tabouli.  The fresh baked pita bread and zatar bread are incredible!  We always end up bringing home some groceries as well.  And the owner is so very nice.  Highly recommended!
I ordered the lamb kabobs and the shishk kabobs. I also ordered the lemonade. The kabobs were edible but entirely devoid of flavor, the lamb was better than the shishk. The rice that came with it as well as the salad was very good, flavorful. For food I would give them 3 stars, but the lemonade was worth 5 stars. Thus the 4 star rating. The atmosphere was meh. The lemonade is what it's all about.
This place is sooooooo awesome!!!!  I eat here at least once a week. The staff is friendly and the environment is awesome. If you don't know what to get they always recommend something good. lately I've been getting the lamb Kabob.
This is the best middle eastern food I've ever had - the gluten free pita put it over the top.  I had the felafel pita and lemonade, and i kid you not, if there's food in heaven, this is it.  Fresh, simple, authentic, and the staff could not be nicer! I plan on being a regular here!!
Awesome food, great service! Best lemonade and Turkish coffee in Phoenix. The dessert is great too!
This place is great and it has been consistently great for many, many years. One of my favorite lunch spots in the uptown area!
We experienced the worst service! The service was so bad that my fianc actually complained (which is traditionally my role). We waited a good 15-20 minutes for our food. At first I thought the kitchen was just slow. Nope, not the case, THREE people that ordered AFTER US got served their food before us! After the third party got served, we went to the owner and told him we never received our food. He went to the kitchen and said that it'll be right out. We sat down and another person that ordered after us got their food. Then a few minutes later ours came out.  To add more insult to injury, the owner was out on the floor talking to regulars that had ordered after us and had already received their food. The owner was either too busy talking to notice that we hadn't received our order, or simply didn't care because we weren't regulars. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this place. There are other great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix that provide excellent service.
I love this place!!!!!  Everything on the menu is awesome!  I used to travel to the Middle East for work, and this is authentic and delicious!  The owners are super nice, too :)  We usually get a mixed platter and always branch out and try a new dish.  We have never been let down!  The sweets are amazing, too :)  So glad we found the Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli!
We walked in just as they had finished a fresh batch of Gluten Free pita. We're not Gluten Free, but we like to try new things, and did I mention it had just been baked? It was AMAZING. Soft, pillow like clouds of deliciousness. We also got a small container of hummus, which was also very good. We split the falafel plate as well. The falafel plate was slightly small, but the falafels were some of the freshest I've had in Phoenix. The tabouli salad was also very fresh, and coincidentally gluten free. Then the owner gave us the rosewater(?) lemonade on the house! Seriously, it was like being at a friends house. I will be going back soon for more pita, hummus, and tabouli! Mmmmmm pita....
Went today for the first time with my daughter. This place is absolutely wonderful! The owners couldn't be nicer or more helpful and they went above and beyond in their service to both of us before, during and after our meal. The food is delightful and flavorful and very traditional and the fact that they offer GLUTEN FREE on most of their menu is outstanding. I picked this because of the other reviews and because my daughter eats mostly gluten free and I am also trying to cut wheat from my diet. I recommend this great homey place 100% but please don't expect fancy at all. It is a deli inside a wonderful little store and there is generous seating for such a small place but not tons. I had Shwarma sandwich and it was wonderful.
Best Gyro in Phoenix. Hands down.
i seriously love middle eastern bakery. i usually get take out but every time i've eaten in the service has been great- the owners take time to answer question about the food and you can tell they care about their customers. i usually get the vegetarian platter- their falafel is the best i've had since i moved to the southwest, the dolmades are good, and their tabouli is good and not too lemony.. i've also had the lebanese chicken, which is awesome, and the gyro, which was good but not amazing. definitely order the lemonade- it's rose water and excellent!!
Wonderful find, delicious food! These folks take pride in their work...it really shows in the food and service...simply superb!
I walked into the restaurant with high hopes and high expectations after reading the reviews posted here on Yelp and I was pleasantly satisfied. I hadn't had good Middle Eastern food since I moved here from NJ, I had a great coworker who every now and then would make me Moroccan meals and desserts. Now I know where to go to get my fix. They offer food for everyone who enjoys Middle eastern cuisine, from meat eaters to vegetarians, and even have gluten free options. 
I myself today asked the owner what he suggested and I decided to order that. 
He suggested the Lebanese Chicken that came with a Greek salad, rice and a pita.
He also gave me some of their famous lemonade as well. Now this lemonade mind you was reviewed by New Times as the best lemonade in Phoenix. Now I know why, it's pleasantly sweet and refreshing, sweetened with rose water if my taste buds serve my memory right. 
My meal was delicious and filling in every aspect I wished it to fill.
The Greek salad was salty and tangy just like it should be, now I'm not normally a Greek salad guy, as I'm not going to join an olive lover's guild but this Greek salad changed my opinion on olives.The salad contained pickled beets, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, olives, cucumbers, and their dressing.  It was great, to put things short and sweet. 
The pita, was soft as a pillow but tasty, unlike a pillow, don't ask me how I know a pillow isn't tasty. The pita was warm, soft, delicious and I used it to clean my plate clean after I finished my meal to absorb what remaining flavors were left behind, just so I wouldn't waste them.
The rice was wonderful, it had tons of flavor, and not overpowering. They gave a large amount of it as well, which for me, a big fan of rice, mad this meal even better. The rice contained peas mixed in and I think saffron.
The chicken I had was delicious as well, it was chicken breast, in a lemon and herb spice, grilled. It wasn't too salty and the flavor wasn't overpowering. All of the items in the dish accompanied each other well.
All of these items together as a meal were very fairly priced too. After AZ sales tax, my meal came to $9.83. 
I will definitely go again, this time to try a vegetarian option and I highly recommend you going as well.
I love, love this place! We had the great fortune of meeting Isam, the owner, and Tina. Isam introduced us to their lemonade made with rose water and honey. It was outstanding -- a unique wonderful flavor you can't forget. Their food is even better -- freshly made everything. Their falafel is excellent; the tahini sauce, thick and tasty (not like the watery stuff at other place); and their meet dishes grilled to perfection. To top it off, we enjoyed the freshest baklava I've had in a decade with a perfect cup of Turkish coffee (with a touch of cardamon). Authentic, fresh, unbeatable Middle Eastern food! Thank you, Isam!
I think overall this place has great Middle Eastern food. I didn't get to try all the platters I wanted but I was impressed with the main entrees. The Lebanese Chicken was delicious. Service was great too, as our questions were answered all the way through. I would like to come back to try some other dishes.
Delicious food, amazing customer service, and unique lemonade.  Love it!
Delightful experience - Appears to be family owned and operated. The woman who helped us was genuinely warm and smiley- her daughter was so sweet- heard me quietly tell my boyfriend I wanted baklava and she was all excited to get some for me. 

The food was great- and we were excited to have gluten free pita bread , gluten free tabbouli made with quinoa, babaganouj and lentils and rice. The market had an array of Lebanese and middle eastern goodies. The freezer had frozen homemade gluten free feta pies and other deliciousness. 

Also- that baklava was darn good. I am happiest when the food is great - home made - and the people running the restaurant are happy humans.
We ordered dolmas chicken gyro beef gyro and a combo plate. The meat looked and tasted cans and every item was the worst Arabic food I've had. Not sure why this place has 5 stars, $30 wasted
I LOVE this place! Everything is amazing, absolutely everything. The tabouli and baklava is the best I've ever had. Not to mention the lemonade and the wonderful owner. He is such a delight and a genuinely kind man. I love his free food and radiant smile. Excellent customer service and I come weekly.
Four stars for location but five stars for food and service.  This place doesn't look like much from the outside...or the inside.  I have probably driven by it a million times but never thought twice about eating here.  Finally I did! The food is delicious and the service very friendly, they are happy to explain the menu and offer recommendations.  They offer gluten free options, they even brought me some gluten free pita bread to enjoy with my meal and it was very tasty.  They have lots of spices and breads (gluten free also), desserts, international foods.  Most of the food they sell in the grocery section they make in store daily, so you know it's fresh.  This is a must try! Oh, and they also have THE best lemonade (seriously, they won an award for it) made with rosewater and honey, yum.  And try the Turkish coffee at the end of your meal, so tasty.
Beyond impressed with the owner's hospitality and kindness! This is a very casual place with a small store and deli. Everything tasted super fresh and they sell a lot of gluten free items in the deli and freezer section.

My husband and I went here for dinner on our way (from Tucson) to a baseball game in Phoenix. I searched google for a restaurant with gluten free options and this place came up with very positive reviews.

When we got there the owner greeted us warmly and I asked what he suggested and told him we haven't tried Middle Eastern food before. He told us the combo plate would be a good sample of lamb, Lebanese chicken, and beef. It came with a Greek salad and rice, but the owner also gave us a side of gluten free tabouli (free of charge!). Everything was great! Moist meats, perfectly cooked rice, and fresh salad (olives contain pits).

We also ordered hummus with pitas. He gave us extra gluten free pitas (free of charge again!). The hummus was sooo good! A really nice light garlic flavor and the pitas were AMAZING. We couldn't get over how light and fluffy, slightly chewy the GF pitas were.

The owner gave us free drinks. The lemonade is flippin awesome. If you go, you HAVE TO order it. Also free were Turkish coffees and samples of baklava and halva. The baklava is not GF, but they are working on a GF recipe for it. My husband felt bad about saying how unbelievable it was haha. I really liked the halva, it had great flavor and consistency. 

The shop was well stocked and had a lot of spices and good variety of items. When I asked the owner about if they sold the coffee we tried, he brought it over and asked if I wanted to learn to make it, he said he take me back to the kitchen and have them show me how! I WISH we had had more time to learn. He also gave us fresh, warm GF pita to buy instead of the frozen! 

We plan on going back soon.
I've eaten at some Middle Eastern type deli's and bakeries before and this one does not disappoint! Nestled in between Thomas and Osborn off 16th street, turn in the small parking lot with lots of painted colors on the store front windows. The store was fun to look around, definitely won't find these items at your local Fry's. I walked up to the counter to order and was greeted by a smiling man. I ordered a small hummus with wheat pita, the chicken gyro pita sandwich and a lemonade. I didn't feel like eating a huge plate of food for lunch..maybe next time? Seating is a little tight and not many tables for small parties. I was lucky to snag a small table near the dessert case and waited about 10 minutes for food to arrive. Hummus was good but obviously came right out of the fridge. Pita was good, just wished it would have been warmed up. The sandwich was also good and the yogurt sauce inside was amazing! Apparently you only get a side of it when you order a plate, not a sandwich...bummer! The hyped up lemonade is nice and sweet. As I was getting up to leave, the owner came up to me and asked if I'd like a refill on my drink. Of course! He knew exactly what I had too...very nice! I wish they had other desserts though, since I do not like baklava and that was the majority of what they had. However, I will definitely return!
Middle eastern food as it should be. Clean cozy atmosphere and fresh delicious food. The owner is a kind soul, very hospitable and personable.
This was my second time having middle eastern food, and the first time I was with my sister in law who lived in Lebanon for two years. So I was a little scared. The menu is very easy to read and understand. Most or all the ingredients are listed so you now exactly what your about to eat. 

My Mom and my brother went along with me and it was their first time ever eating it. We ordered the Lebanon chicken which comes with rice, and a Greek salad.  As well as the Kafta, Chicken skewers, falafel and I almost forgot the hummus.  
Everything was delicious! . My husband wasn't able to make it so I brought home the mixed skewers and the Greek salad. 

 It was kind of busy in there so the service wasn't the fastest. It seemed like they were a little under staffed in front. It was only on lady trying to take orders fro over 20 people all at once. Until a little later I believed it was the owners that came up and they started to help. They were very friendly and offered refills on our drinks. t. I live all the way in Buckeye so the drive was definitely a long one, but it was absolutely worth it. I gave it four stars just because we did have to wait a very long time, everyone there kind of felt the same way.
Our very first visit and I couldn't be more pleased! Excellent food, very friendly owner and staff. I can't believe I've lived in this area for three years and have only just now discovered it. If you like middle eastern food don't miss this little gem. You won't be disappointed!
This place is amazing. First time here and I was very much impressed. I ordered the mixed kabob plate with Tabouli. Awesome! Chicken was well seasoned, cooked through, and still juicy. First time I've had Tabouli and I enjoyed it - fresh, crisp, and refreshing. The only thing I'd do without is the beef kabob. It was good, amazing spices, but a bit dry for my taste buds. Hummus is awesome, also. The owner is super nice and friendly. The lady who took my order gave me a sweet treat for being my first time there. Oh! And I've read the reviews about their lemonade. OMG! You should NOT leave without it. Sweet perfection with hints of honey and orange blossoms (I think). Great place. Definitely will be there again!
This is our first time here. Let me just say, this place is so inviting as soon as you walk in. It has a feel of a neighborhood spot, everyone seems to know everyone. 

The menu looks amazing. I wished my pockets were a little deeper because I really wanted to buy more than one dish. The older gentleman behind the counter heard that it was our first time in his shop and immediately told us that our lemonades were on him, he refused to let us pay for them. 

If you ever come in here, you mustn't leave without trying the lemonade. They put an amazing, fresh twist on a summertime classic. Food review will soon follow.
Wow, I've lived in Coronado for about 6 months already and I cannot believe this is my first visit!! 

The bakery had a warm and inviting ambiance and the owner Isam, is just delightful. My husband and I arrived 10 minutes prior to closing and Isam was so inviting to us. We placed our orders, mine the falafel plate and my husband ordered the Lebanese chicken plate. On top of this we ordered a large hummus plate. Hypothetically speaking if we could have ordered the entire menu we would have! Everything sounded amazing on the menu.

Alas, the famous Lemonade, we just had to try, made with honey and rosewater. I told Isam that this was our first visit and I had to try his famous lemonade, and he lit up like a Christmas tree and said "this is your first time here?!? Lemonade on the house for the two of you." No way?! Ya way! The lemonade did not fail us, it was delicious!! So refreshing and the flavors worked lovely together!

Now onto our food plates....the hummus plate was delicious! They put ground beef cooked in olive oil, garlic and onions and sprinkled it on too of the hummus and boy was it delicious with the pita bread!! My falafel plate was amazing, the falafel nice and crisp on the outside and cooked and moist in the middle, it tasted amazing with the pita, tabouli and hummus together! My husband kept on raving about the chicken and how tender and flavorful it was, I had some and he had to take the plate away from me before I devoured it all! Haha! 

We still had half of the hummus left and Isam came up to us and asked if we wanted an extra pita bread on the house to eat with the hummus! Uh, YAH! 

Not only was the food delicious this place exceeds in the customer service department, Isam was just a delight and to give us lemonade and pita on the house, this place just rightfully owned their 5 stars!!
Lived here for 6 months and just recently discovered this place.. a true gem. Hands down best deli/bakery in town! Agree with the other comments about the owner's generosity with the amazing lemonade. Have already gone twice in 3 days!!! Please do yourself a favor and check this place out!
Everything I've tried is amazing. The owner remembered me the 2nd time in. Super friendly and awesome lemonade with rose water. Def worth trying.
Came here for the first time for a quick dinner with family, and let me start off by saying everything was stupendous. I had the mixed plate with tabouli and a side of hummus. Chicken and beef had lots of flavor, and weren't dry. The pita bread was the best I've ever had, and the lemonade is a must. The owner brought us a free sample of falafel, which was sweet of him. My sister ordered the wrong item, and he offered to bring her something different. Instead, we weren't charged for it because he thought she didn't enjoy it much (though she actually did!) They're all friendly and want to please. I'm always on the lookout for great Middle Eastern food, and this place did not disappoint.
The shawerma pita is amazing. The meat is well-cooked and very flavorful and the pita itself is always soft and delicious but sturdy enough to hold everything together. 

Oh and the owner gave me an on-the-house lemonade while I waited. This alone would bring me back, plus the lemonade is probably the best I've ever had.
You don't go to a place called Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli for ambiance. You go because you've heard about that one item that people can't stop talking about. I'm here to review that one item: The Lemonade.

As I walked up to the counter to place my order, I was greeted by an older gentleman I can only assume was the owner of this establishment. As soon as I told him I had heard good things about the lemonade, without even skipping a beat, he replied, "It's the best in Phoenix." I cordially laughed. He did not. With a very straight face he pointed to the wall behind him. There were about five plaques given out by various periodicals and city magazines going back eight years. All read "Best Lemonade in Phoenix".

My chicken gyro was so-so. But you better believe I ordered about a gallon's worth of lemonade. And it definitely lived up to the hype. With hints of rosemary and mint, this lemonade stands alone.

My suggestion: Go here in between meals. If you want some midday refreshment, it does not get any better than this lemonade.
There's so much to be said about the importance of a business owner's interaction with his/her customers. At this place, Isam the owner beams with pride, and greets every customer with a sincere hello. The employees are just as caring and polite.  The food was refreshing, and honest. I came in expecting nothing less. This man deserves every bit of his success .
Warning: this review is going to be positively glowing. If you're not in it for the long-haul, I understand. Try this place. Try the lemonade, try the turkish coffee, try the tabbouleh, try the falafel. If you don't mind a longer review read on: 

The owner, Isam,  couldn't have been more friendly, informative, generous or helpful. When he found out it was my first time at the restaurant he insisted that I try the lemonade, baklava and turkish coffee (I completely agreed) and then  *bam* he insisted that they were on the house. I was not expecting such a generous offer and I was more than happy to pay for these items myself, Isam's pride of ownership is genuinely impressive. He seems to run his business from an old-school model based on integrity, a little showmanship, and a product that truly sells itself. 
 
I proceeded to order, Lebanese chicken and grape leaves and wait for my food. They brought my lemonade, and to be honest, I really had no idea what could have possibly been so wonderful about lemonade that I would just HAVE to try it. Well, I have three simple answers rose water, orange blossom, and honey. They don't put any sugar in their lemonade, it has this beautiful delicate floral taste, anchored by a richness from the honey. You will love it. 

The lebanese chicken and grape leaves were ahhmazing. The tabbouleh is incredible and balanced to perfection. Not too much of this, or that...just right. The owner tells me that they go through about five batches per day. I believed him. 

Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli was so delicious, I began snapping pictures of my food and plotting my yelp review while still in the restaurant. I began bragging via text to all of my foodie friends. I took a to-go order for friends I was meeting up with later, it seemed like a nice gesture, but really I just wanted to have an excuse to try more of their delicious fare. 

Per Isam's insistence, he brought a piece of baklava and turkish coffee. The baklava was delicious. The shining star was the turkish coffee. My god. Best. Coffee. Ever. Seriously. If nothing else, go here and order lemonade and turkish coffee. You will be thrilled. 

If I don't eat at this place at least once a week as long as I live in Phoenix I'm going to be disappointed. I can't wait to go back. Upon leaving the restaurant I noticed a new gyro place had opened two doors down. I actually felt sorry for them, their business is probably going to tank by proxy.
I like Middle Eastern food. A lot.  We came here because of the high ratings on Yelp.
My dad ordered us the vegetarian plate, a schwarma/chicken plate with hummus, tabbouleh and baba ganesh.  All of it was delish!

The lemonade was incredible and I loved it.  You must order it when you go here!
We also got Turkish coffee and baklava.  The coffee was in tiny cups and very STRONG.  My mom loved the baklava as it was very fresh and very flaky.

This is a very different experience from most restaurants.  It was nice to sit and chat rather than be rushed with our meal and leave.  Clearly, those who were eating there that day were used to this very relaxed way of eating.

The owner was very nice and came over to our table to talk with us.  We learned he was from a close suburb to us, so we had a fun time talking about "home."

The woman who made our food also came out to clear our plates.  We expressed our thanks to her for making such a great meal and she was very humble and sweet.

Go here!  You'll love it!
I am often way too lazy to write a review but this place is so amazing that I must do it.  

After reading on Yelp! about all the goodness of this place, I gave it a try. I love middle eastern food and grew up in NY where we have very good middle eastern food.  

I was greeted very warmly by the owner, Isam.  I told him I heard about their famous lemonade so I will have that and something else he would recommend.  He gave me a sweet smile and told me that the lemonade is on the house as it is my first time.  (how nice!)  I ordered to go the Lebanese chicken (one breast split in halves, rice, tabouli, and one large fluffy, pillowy pita made fresh) and the falafel (smaller than I'm used to but very tasty) that came with tahini sauce that is very very good.  

I finished my drink before the food came and he gave me a free refill! 

I wanted to get a lemonade for my coworker to go, and he gave me that for free too! 

He was very easy to speak with.  I hate going to places where the food is great but the owner makes you feel like you should beg (think Seinfeld and the soup nazi).  But this guy was very nice.  There was a lady behind me who went for the first time yesterday, and came back today with her friend.  The owner immediately recognized her and apologized to her for something.  It turned out that there was a guy (I think from the store next door) that was bothering her as she walked in yesterday.  She told the owner about it. The owner (after she left) spoke to the guy and he apologized to her for what he did yesterday.  The owner also apologized for the guy's behavior.  What a man!

My food was really really good.  And when he packed my food in the bag, he gave me two big slices of bahkalava on the house (again)!!

I am definitely coming back and bringing more people.
3.5

Decent middle eastern food, had the chicken kabob plate, not a ton of flavor but not bad, would give it another chance.
Stop. Hummus time. That's right. This grocery story slash eatery is a perfect for for all your Mediterranean needs. If you're looking for items to purchase and take on the go, they have everything imaginable, hummus, pitas, meats, canned goods... Just about everything! However you can also dine in an order some of their delicious homemade food. I enjoyed the chicken kabobs accompanied with hummus and a greek salad. The meal was filling and fabulous. The hummus had a lot of flavor and the chicken was perfectly seasoned. I will definitely be returning to enjoy more and take some goodies for the road.
literally behind our house, we are lucky to have such an amazing little shop so close. whether its for the lemonade, the gyros, spices and pitas for home or the freezer section with dips/ sauces, everyone should stop in here at least once. this was the first meal i had in my neighborhood when we moved in 5 years ago, before we were even fully unpacked- and we have been coming ever since. the owners are fantastic and if you are the type of person who is worried you wont know the menu, they will talk to you about anything (unless its super busy, of course)

my only possible complaint is that they aren't open all day, every day :) sometimes you need that pita at midnight, yknow? hey, cant blame em, they have to sleep sometime
For lunch, snack or grocery it works. I have a pita breads and humus for $6 to take to my office and skip lunch.
Great food! Not greasy. Pita bread and hummus are my favorite. Falafels are never dry, unlike most places. And the staff is always friendly.
One of my fav places.  So friendly and a real nice atmosphere!  Great food as well.
Happened upon this place with a friend and we stopped in with hungry bellies. Yum! We had mixed kabob and a beef dish and 2 lemonades... Delicious! We will definitely be back again.
Maybe I'm a little spoiled because I lived in other major cites in the US with a larger Middle Eastern population and cultural influence (Houston, Chicago), but I found this place good...not great. The service is friendly, but the food took 20 minutes to receive... I know, good food takes time...but not really worth the wait. I had the Chicken and Lamb plate; the lamb was good, not great- the chicken was spiced well but DRY- but not too dry that I needed to return it. I also had the Hummus- it was just Hummus, nothing distinctive or outstanding about it, The rice was bland and a little dry- needs a little more dill in my taste The Tzatziki was clearly homemade since it was a bit watery- also needs more dill and not just a cucumber and watery yogurt with little lemon juice combination. The Tabbouleh was fresh and "clean," I only wish the portion was larger since that was  the winner of the plate. The Baklava was very clean and crisp- she does an excellent job with the filo dough and its sweet enough for me without being overpowering. The grocery portion of the store is lacking in variety and mostly dusty from a clear lack of any outside employees with only a huband/wife team and children on the weekends labor force is just not enough to bring this place to what the potential could be. I might try it one more time for the Gyros.
Gluten-Free! Yes that is right, they have GF pitas and meat pies and spinach pies and tabouli. They are all delicious. What is great is that the pitas fresh are just as good as non-GF - so unlike most GF breads you don't have to toast them for them to be tolerable.  They also have this very thin round bread thing that we have started using at home to make a pizza roll-up. You can buy all the GF stuff (minus the tabouli) and freeze it safely with out damaging the quality. You just use a toaster or a toaster oven for a new seconds to thaw.
These folks are kind and their food is lovely.
I really enjoyed this place. I ordered the combo platter which consisted of roasted beef, lamb and chicken skewers, on a bed of rice. The lamb was my favorite. I recommend the lemonade! You can really pick up on the orange water that it's made with. For dessert we tried the baklava which was superb! Next time We will try it with their Turkish coffee. The nice owner or manager tried to get us some before we left but we were in a hurry. We will be back that's for sure.
Fantastic authentic middle eastern food. Try the whole wheat Pita bread. I had the lamb kebab with tabouli. Delicious! Try the lemonade as well. I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.
I tried their chicken schwarma. The price was right ($5.99), and it tasted good. I like the atmosphere too. It has an authentic Middle-Eastern look and feel, grocery store and all. I wasn't blown away by the customer service. Maybe I caught him on an off day, I don't know, but the schwarma did take a little longer than expected to prepare. I'll definitely give this place another go sometime though.
I absolutely love the food at this restaurant. I work a couple blocks away and my coworkers and I get this at least once a week. I always order the Lebanese chicken and sometimes order a side of falafel. They are both amazing! The salad dressing for the greek salad is so good, the rice is unlike any other rice I've tasted and the Lebanese chicken is seasoned perfectly. The lemonade is also the best lemonade I've ever had and definitely doesn't taste like most lemonade. If you're in the area, definitely stop by and check this place out! It is an amazing local restaurant, store and bakery!
Excellent place to eat!  We were treated with such kindness on our visit! The wonder gave us a  coffee and baklava to eat after our meal.  I ate their combo plate as I couldn't decide what to have as it all looked delectable!

They make their pita's HOMEMADE along with the hummus!  Don't MISS OUT on passing by this deli!!!

Also a MUST try is the lemonade!!!  Why???  It is sweetened with honey and rose water!
The schwarma is delicious, it's almost as good as what I had when I lived in the Middle East, and the hot sauce is very flavorful, without being so hot that it's inedible. I always take home a package of their fresh pita, which is better than any I've had locally, and their baba ganoush. They also have an excellent, if small, selection of fresh, frozen and packaged foods; I usually buy the labne.
This is a five star place, no doubt.  Good for people who don't eat meat. good for people who love meat....how is that possible? This is a small operation, family vibe all the way, with wonderful lunch and dinner options.  I have personally had: the vegetable sunsubeck (i am totally spelling that incorrectly) which is veggies in a phyllo; mezza (appetizer with hummus, babganosh, cheese, pitas, etc); falafel; lemonade (awesome!) and the walnut baklava.  All of these items were good to excellent.  This is by far one of my favorite middle eastern food places in the world, even better than the Shwarma King in Bratislava, Slovakia...no joke!   I have taken people to Sahara who afterwards raved about the lamb tikka.  I have never cooked or eaten  lamb, but my friends tell me it is a difficult meat to prepare so that it is not tough and that the lamb here is excellent.  Just passing the word along, good thing this is not Law and Order or else that last statement would be stricken from the record for being here-say...or something clever that Jack McCoy would come up with...ooops..i digress..

There are three different kinds of baklava...let me say that again:  THREE KINDS O' BAKLAVA:  pistachio, walnut and almond.  The honey and rosewater in the baklava really puts it over the top.  Oh and did I mention that it is moderately priced, lunch under $10, dinner for two under $40 with drinks, appetizer and desert.  Also has take out, take away, whatever you want...Okay let me give the rundown:

Food:  awesome
Service:  first rate, nice, warm, feels like home
Atmosphere:  busy, with people excited to be eating good food
Would I go again:  I might go tomorrow!
Should you go:  yes x 100
The best cheap food ever!  I can personally attest to the Doum.... (the fava bean dip) the Kuku sandwich, the hummus, and the falafel, the Fetaita sandwich, and the veggie sambusek.  It is all so cheap!  It took me a year to realize that there was actually seating inside the building.  It's fun and quirky in there.  The service is friendly, though sometimes a little distracted... but it is a family run place and I like the non-hovering

Note:  They closed Oct 31 at this location because the property owner is selling and it is the future site of a CVS parking lot (booo).  I'll write back more when/if they find a new location.  I went there twice yesterday to say goodbye.  They said they might stay open a few days longer, but their lease is up and I ate the last of their Fool!
I love this place and was so sad when they closed down. 

From what I know they are about to open their new location. I don't know when, but it's located on Southern and McClintock.
Sahara is back on the NE corner of Mclintock and Southern, right by Nellos. The food is as great as it was at  Mill/University location. My favorite rice in the Valley.
I am so glad to have rediscovered Sahara at its new location! I've been on a quest to discover the best hummus in Phoenix and when this place closed at its old location, I was sure that the best stuff was gone forever! But it's back, still run by it's original Iraqi owner, and just as delicious as before. The tahini-rich hummus and babganoush are the best around and the grape leaves are stuffed with saffron rice and lots of herbs and spices. My favorite thing to do it order a couple of lemonades, the vegetarian platter, and one of the pits sandwiches (the kuku is pretty tasty) and share it all with a friend. The baklava isn't bad either. Oh, and it's cheap!
Used to frequent back at their old Mill Ave & University location. Same as it ever was--outstanding.

Do yourself a favor and order a plate of Chicken Feta. You don't like this, you don't like butter on your biscuits.
This is THE best Middle Eastern food in the valley! I used to frequent their Mill location at least once a week and was crushed when they left. Now they are back and I can't wait to work them back into my routine!

Their hummus is to die for, the Vegetable Sunbusek is AMAZING, I seriously think about their lentil soup all the time and I am pretty sure I could live on their Vegetarian Sampler Platter alone for the rest of my life. If you have not been here yet, you are missing out on one of the greatest locally owned Phoenix gems.
This is my favorite Middle Eastern Restaurant in Tempe. I'm so happy they reopened in their new location! My favorites are the Chicken Tikka, Veggie Sunbusek, and the soup. If you've never had Sahara lentil soup you need to go there now! It is to die for. 
The owner is always super friendly as is everyone else that works there. I highly recommend anyone to check this place out.
Start ssssspreeaaaddding the news..... Sahara is open again.....
Sahara is now open at the corner of McClintock and Southern. Noticeable
changes include: a wider arrangement of paint colors on the walls and
more seating. Notable mainstays are all intact. I stuffed my face
for a song and the owner recognized me... and not for my recent
appearance in one of the "52 weekends" photos in the February Phoenix
magazine...but for my previous patronage at Sahara. Patronize on, I will.  And maybe I'll start being a little more timely in my posting... since I started this one in January and it is now....April.
I am one lucky hummus-sasbi-falafel-lovin' chica to be able to be about a 7 minute walk to Sahara. It's worth the venture from far away places to seek out this jewel. It would be worth the gas anyway because it's inexpensive and 100% delicious. The menu is standard middle eastern fare with great vegetarian choices, but all consistently tasty. Since I'm such a carb fiend, I'll mention that the pita and rice are perfect.

On top of serving up some super saucy dishes, the owner and family are SO incredibly nice and friendly. Your second trip there will feel like some rite of passage, because he'll recognize you and you'll feel like you're sitting at the family table. I'd probably feel like a bad person if I said the food didn't taste good because they are so nice. The comfortable setting, lovely staff and delicious food make this an altogether wholesome experience. Mmmmm.
Went on Friday night with a friend for dinner.  Ordered lemonade.  It was interesting but I wouldn't order it again.  Something about the rose water in it did not make it refreshing.  Then came out the babganouj and pita bread- just okay not nearly the best I've ever had.  It wasn't garlicky enough for my tastes.  Next was the lentil soup.  Oh.  My.  Gosh this was by far the best tasting soup I have had in my ENTIRE LIFE.  I will crave this constantly until I can return to have it again.  The thin little noodles and the yummy flavor in it.  yum!!  Next I had a falafel sandwich.  Was very good and well worth the less than $5 it cost.  I couldn't even finish it.

I highly recommend eating here but you must order lentil soup!!
This restaurant was amazing.  Only one waitress at the time and had a bit of a delay in service but she was super friendly and the food was above and beyond outstanding!  Go here!
Just came back from lunch at Sahara.  The back of the menu has a great lunch deal.  I ordered the chicken tikka (spelling???).  I got to pick two sides so it was the hummus and salad.  My plate was full.  The chicken was so tender and moist and nicely spiced.  The hummus was perfect.  Delicious.  I devoured it first with the best pita bread.  The salad was great.  I am not sure what was in the dressing but it was good.

Sahara is a charming little spot.  Our waitress was wonderful.  My date and I asked for spicy chicken and she saw to it that our mouths would indeed burn.  She even brought out tabasco, sriracha, and a home made hot sauce to increase the flames.  And to top it off our waitress happened to be beautiful.  Gorgeous, and I bat for the other team.  She said her grandmother was back in the kitchen and that the food on Sahara's menu is what she grew up on.  Lucky girl because the food is awesome.
My first ME restaurant, and obviously my first Sahara food.

Per other reviews, I tried the lentil soup.  Very good.

Also had Tikka Combination and a combination appetizer, also very good.

I was a little disappointed  in the spices.  I guess I was expecting more.  I've recently tried Indian food at Taj Mahal on Scottsdale road, where the variety of flavors is amazing.
Every time I come here, I always think, "Okay, I'll try something different this time." I don't. I always get the Vegetable Musakaa. Oh goodness, the eggplant is so tender, it just melts in my mouth. And it's served in an amazingly flavorful tomato-based sauce with garlic slices (roasted to the point of mellow flavor - nothing a simple mint can't solve after dinner) that I could eat every day for the rest of my life and never be able to tell you what combination of spices they use to make it so perfect. It (and every entree) comes with lentil soup (or salad, but I'm stuck in a food habit at Sahara) which warrants a paragraph on its own, or even a sonnet to fully convey my love for it, but this isn't the place for such intimate thoughts. Just be sure to have at least a cup.
The food:
The reviews are true- the lamb kuzi is ridiculously good and a great buy.  It is tender, well seasoned and very generous in proportion.  They garnish with almonds and raisins and serve with a large portion of well-cooked (and high quality) rice.  I will echo other reviews that the vegetarian musaka is great but it was a definite second to the lamb if you're a meat eater.  If eggplant is your thing, it's salty, savory, good texture for the eggplant and just enough garlic.

Atmosphere:
The place was pretty empty while we were there- a Thursday night- but it was cute and comfortable.  Nothing high-brow but that's part of its charm.  

Service:
The owner, Ali, waited on us and was more than accommodating. If you're into supporting local businesses with charming owners, here is a another stop for you.   We told him we heard about the restaurant on Yelp and that seemed to excite him though he wasn't really sure what Yelp was.  In the end, he gave us a free baklava which my dinner date liked but I thought was a little too peppery.  It's not the traditional baklava (extra cardamom I believe) but he liked the spin on it.  I guess I'm boring enough to prefer something more traditional.

All in all, a great experience- can't wait to go back to try more on the menu.  I'm sure it's all just as great of a deal and just as delicious.

One Downside- for you drinkers, no alcohol.  I'm going to suggest a BYOB endeavor for Ali...
The Lamb kuzi was the probably the best lamb dish I have had at any restaurant ever.  The owner was great and very friendly.  We told him we were there for the first time and that we loved the food and he was so happy to hear the compliments that he gave us free baclavah.  Come support this great restaurant and its local owners!
I've been going here for a number of months now. Everything is consistently good, but my favorite is the chicken curry. Even the homemade dressing they use for the little side salads they serve is yummy! I'm also a big fan of the Chicken Tikka lunch special with hummus and salad. My husband can't get enough of the gyros. It's worth a visit if you like middle eastern food. They nail it here.
Even after reading the reviews, I was still surprised by how nice the decor, how warm the service and how fucking delicious the lentil soup really is!

Needing sustenance fast, I had an exacting friend that knew his babaganoush and his hummus and I had some vegetarian and inexpensive critiera, so this place fit the bill exactly. Located in the same strip mall as the Gold Bar, parking was easy and the interior was intimate but still clean. They really straddled the line between overdecoration and cleanlineness and airinees fit for a breezy lunch and won, which is quite a feat. Our server was friendly and not overbearing and we chose booth seating. The menu isn't overwhelming but all the choices are solid. We chose the mezza platter to get all the dips, and I chose the Vegetarian Mousaka since the eggplant had been raved about in another review. 

I was stunned for under 7 bucks, the appetizer was huge and they really do not skimp on pita what-so-ever, we had a huge plate and had some left over at the end of dinner! Warm, fresh,....oh yeah. The lentil soup is more of a red dal puree with a subtle sea salt taste without being too salty-it is a real winner with some short noodles and onion mixed in (and our soup came free with dinner). My plate of Mousaka was huge with a large generious serving of rice and true to form, the eggplant was tender the sauce was thick tomato without tasting of being premade. I ended up eating almost all of it when I really should've saved half for lunch today (bummer). The only real downside was the drink selection wasn't mind-blowing and I stuck to water.

I wished I had saved room for the baklava, but I will next time, in fact I am pretty happy I have a go to place for food before running errands on this side of town.

And def. believe the hype about the Lentil Soup-they have it every day!
02/05/10

Met three friends for lunch- a first-time visit for all of us.  Was pleasantly surprised to find that this restaurant had such a nice atmosphere-- pretty tapestries adorned the walls, and the windows had nice wooden embellishments.  (I was expecting another Haji-Baba-type venue bec. of the location.)  Our server, who struck me as either the manager or the owner, was warm and friendly, and even chimed in when he overheard us discussing a documentary on the food industry (Food, Inc.); I'm used to a curt greeting, head down, followed by a pen landing on an order pad.

On to the food.  Kat and Kevin, both vegetarians, ordered a falafel pita and a sanbusek lunch platter.  Violeta H. and I ordered the chicken tikka platter (hers w/ rice and mine w/ salad).  All of the dishes looked wonderful!  The falafel pieces looked so delicious, I almost wished I'd ordered that instead until I saw the marvelous-looking plate of sanbusek that landed in front of Kevin, which made me wish I'd ordered THAT instead!  (I usually stay away from fried foods, especially at Middle eastern venues since many use corn oil for frying.)  They both found the dishes quite tasty and "easy on the stomachs," with only the complaint of the sanbusek's small portion size.  The chicken tikka filets looked moist, slightly charred at the edges, and had a beautiful amber-orange hue from the marinade used.  We all very much enjoyed the hummus!  One of the best I've tried in the valley (although Phoenix's Persian Garden Cafe and Chandler's Pita Jungle still top all the venues I've tried)!  I actually found the tikka to be a bit dry, yet still very tasty.  The salad was also delightfully crisp, the lettuce sweet, and the dressing light and zesty (really liked the cumin on top).

Since none of them wanted to have dessert (we were all quite full and satisfied), I bought some walnut baklava to-go.  These pieces were ambrosial!  They were just the way I like them- phyllo still crispy, yet had just enough honey syrup to coat your tastebuds AND your fingers.  These were literally finger-lickin' good!  I wasn't surprised that these were made with a butter and margarine blend (I asked), which means I won't be ordering them again, but if this fact doesn't bother you, then by all means, you HAVE to try the baklava!
Sometimes I dream about this place. True story.

You walk in, and although the decorations are a bit sparkly, don't let than deter you. The food is sure to put a smile on your face.

Get the house soup. It's home-made orange (!) lentil lusciousness in a bowl. And get the hot chai tea.

My choice for entree is the vegetarian curry, although they don't always offer that. When the Heavens part, though, and it's there, it's like something otherworldly served on a plate. It's got the after-taste of coconut milk (which they use), and is perfectly balanced with a creamy yet curry spice flavor.

Their hummus is extra smooth and creamy, just like most of the rest of their food, which can only be good.

And, oh, I could not dare forget the tiramisu. A huge (for reals) piece of this cake slapped on a plate, decorated with chocolate frosting, and only surviving for about the 8 or so minutes it takes to consume, this is just wonderful. The chocolate powder coats the roof of your mouth as the coffee liquor tickles your tongue. I think I'd better stop.

Please visit this place. They were displaced from Mill Avenue after the drugstore CVS megaton dropped itself in its old location. It took them a while to re-locate, and that whole time I felt lost.

I recently re-discovered this gem, and encourage all to enjoy it as do I. 

P.s. The ONLY reason why this doesn't have 5 stars is because, while not a bank breaker, this place is a bit pricey. Hard for me to really enjoy it when I'm thinking about the moolah I'll have to shell out in the end. But, lest we forget the slice of Heaven this place really is, hiding inside a strip mall, and all.
After reading the other reviews, my expectations came high.

The hummus is great.  My gyros was good.

Service was fast and efficient for lunch.
I've been to Sahara Middle Eastern twice. The first time that I went there, I really did enjoy myself. I went with a buddy for lunch, I had the gyro pita and he had the chicken schawarma pita. The food was delicious, served quickly. The food didn't last long on our plates; it was totally devoured after the first bite. The rice was great. everything cooked to perfection. I made a promise to myself to return again soon. So I did. 

The second time I went, I had talked another one of my friends into going. He's not the biggest middle eastern food fan, but he aquiesced and we went over. We show up, see the "Open" sing hanging in the door, the electronic open sign flashing in the window, pull the door, open, and walk in. We are promptly met and seated near a couple of people who were eating, by a woman who gives us menu's and a few minutes to pick out what we want; In the mean time she brought us some water. After we decide what to have, the owner, presumably, walks in from outside, looks at us, and walks over, and tells us that the restaurant is closed. We nervously glanced at each other, and because we thought he was joking, chuckled politely and placed out order. After all, we'd been seated, given silverware, menus, water, and time to decide what to eat. Well, turns out he wasn't kidding. And he apparently thought we were laughing maliciously at him. He grabbed my menu from my hands, told us to get out, that the restaurant was closed, pointed to the door,  and that we need to learn to read signs. Effectively, we were thrown out of the restaurant, and left without commotion or a word to him other than "ok, ok, we're sorry." Sorry for what, other than wanting to patronize a restaurant which I had previously enjoyed, I don't know. Outside, confused, we looked on the door, and saw the open/close times. They close at 2:45; we looked at our watches, it was 2:55. 

I can understand we walked in right at 2:45. I understand that the hours of operation were posted (albeit, in tiny print), and that we should have seen them. However, it is in Tempe, a college town, in the early afternoon. There were people inside eating. The open sign was showing, as well as the flashing neon sign. We were seated, given water. Only to be unceremoniously thrown out over what was a misunderstanding. The whole fiasco could have been handled better, and it has left a poor taste in my mouth. I won't be returning any time soon.

Bottom line, yes, the food is delicious. I recommend the Gyro pita if you do find yourself here (It's the only reason I'm not giving them a 1 star). However, the treatment we received was completely uncalled for. We seem to be the only people who have received such treatment here, so I hope it was a fluke and the gentleman was merely having a bad day.
Went to this place based on Yelp's great reviews.  I'll make it quick and dirty:

1.  The Lentil Soup is as good as advertised.  Best I have EVER had.
2.  The waitress is indeed very cute, again repeating other Yelpers.
4.  The basmati rice was top-notch.
3.  The rest of the food was "decent" but far from "awesome."

Pita Jungle has better food at similar prices.  If you want this type of food, other than the lentil soup, it's decent but not a must-stop spot.  I might go back just for that lentil soup.  Still making my mouth water 16 hours later.

UPDATE 7-14-2011:

Went back, and the lentil soup was only "Meh" this time.  I had thought that maybe it would be 100% consistent with my past visit and all the other reviews.  Unfortunately, I must have caught them on a rare "weak lentil soup" day.  I ordered two bowls and a cup ($10.85) before knowing it would be less than awesome.  Too bad.  So there's that - the possibility that the fabulous lentil soup might have bad days.
I've been eating at Sahara for years - even when it was at its previous location - and it's the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've ever had in the valley of the sun. The dishes are authentic and the restaurant has been owned by the same family for as long as I can remember...and they are very sweet people!

I make frequent Sahara trips to pick up hummus with roasted chicken. The owner always thinks I'm funny for ordering such a "small" dish for a meal, but I promise him that it completely fills me up. Especially since they give me enough pita bread to finish the dish, which is important!

Food for thought: My brother is incredibly picky about where he eats. Whenever he comes back to Tempe, Sahara is always his first stop.
After spending the afternoon fighting with the BoA I needed a break. I ventured into Sahara Middle Eastern Resturant, I've read the yelpish praise and was hopeful. What I was met with was a nicely decorated small cozy resturant with Middle Eastern music in the background that was peppered with seemingly happy customers, yup - yelp got it right yet again! 

Happy and excited I ordered some sprtie and poured over the menu. I decided on the lunch platter with gyro meat, salad and hummus with a side of falafels. I enjoyed myself and took calls feeling very power lunch-ish. lol 

The food came and it was good... but not drop dead, slap my momma good. The hummus was WAY better than that crap you get at the grocery store, but Baiz makes it better; the falafels were good, but Phoenican makes better, gyros were okay, but Oliveo's is spectactular. I was slightly underwhemled at first.

It wasn't until I really started to think about describing this experience I thought of something: Sahara is consistently good, across the board. Which is really something, each of the aforementioned places have their weak points whereas Sahara didn't have any that I noticed. If there were one, I noticed the sole waiter pawned over some of the women while he ignored the rest of us, men included.... and he was a little pervy in doing so... So much so that I overheard a couple of women say that they love the food but the guy gives them the creeps.

To my yelpers, I say: Overall, the food is consistenly good and I'm glad I had given this place a try and if you're a female dining alone or with just the girls, be prepared to be a little creeped out, I gotta admit, I kind of was.
The lentil soup and feta chicken are delicious but they have many more flavorful dishes. The grandma is always in the back cooking and the family is out front most of the time serving. They are very friendly people.  This is a great place.
Sahara's lamb shanks are to die for, the gyros are just ok and the salads are pretty bad. None of that really matters though because the lamb is some of the best out there. Stick to the lamb meal and you won't find anything to complain about.
Whoa, great-tasting-gyro-salad!!  I went here the other day as a sort of pit-stop before heading to Gold Bar when my friend and I realized we were all of a sudden hungry.  I had no idea this place was even here, but we discovered it just driving around looking for some 'refreshing' food.  (who really wants to eat a non-refreshing greasy pizza or fast food when it's freakin' 115 degrees outside?)  So glad we did!

The place is clean, the food is good, the prices are reasonable (specials appear to be a daily thing here), and the service is pleasant and quick.  I'm sure I'll be back.
While not my first place to go for middle eastern fare, it is a place to keep in the rotation.  Tempe has no shortage of Middle Eastern food and this is one of the good ones.  The staff is very friendly, the food comes out quick and is quite tasty.  Better yet, it is less than 1/4 mile from my house.  

I know many people recommend the lentil soup, which I tried based on the recommendations and I thoroughly enjoy.  They use red lentils rather than the green (?) lentils that seem more common.  In my experience, red ones are more mild and more delicate.

I don't recall what entrees we got but it was tasty.  The only issue I had with this place once is that they randomly close early.  It could have been a single occurrence but I called to see if they were open after 8p, and he said no.  Then when I went in a few weeks later their hours say they close at 9p.  I have no problem with people closing when they aren't busy, but I would suggest making a phone call to check if they are open if you plan on going later in the evening.
I had take out tonight from Sahara's and it was of course, delicious. I've been eating here for over 15 years (way before they moved), and it's consistently very good. Their rice is fantastic, as are their grape leaves. The meat is always very good, whether it is chicken, gyro meat or their lamb shank. I'm not much into lentils, but I hear their lentil soup is delicious. I also appreciate their large portions and reasonable prices; it's great having left overs. If you are looking for tasty Middle Eastern food in Tempe, I definitely recommend Sahara.
Sahara is yet another great little Middle Eastern restaurant. Unfortunately for me, I never was as much of a regular as I wanted to be, but I enjoyed the food every time I got to go here. The decor in the new Sahara is definitely unique to Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe; it's actually quite swanky and well maintained! Sahara's staff is also quite nice and have always been great to me. So, if you've gotten a chance to try Phoenecia and Haji Baba, and want to find another great Middle Eastern restaurant in Tempe, or you want to find a nice looking restaurant for a date, Sahara is it.
The owner is usually here and he is very friendly. I had the lentil soup that everyone raves about, it is good but mine is better! The fattoush is fab and the veggie dishes are all great. I always get the Mezza appetizer-  a plate of pure deliciousness!! Their tabbouleh is some of the best I have had. Great little place with good prices.
Lunch menu is best bang for your buck.   You can get a huge meal for $7.50.   Fantastic gyro and rice combo meal.    The lunch chicken was not that amazing.
Decent Middle Eastern food.  They have a nicely varied overall selection, and pretty good lentil soup.  I wasn't particularly wowed by my selection (the vegetarian combo), but I might go here again to try out some of their other dishes.  Until then, Sahara is just A-OK to me.
I love SAHARA! Their Sambusek is amazing--it's like a Middle Eastern pasty---I love Cornish, too, obviously ; ) Lunch Specials are incredibly cheap for a large portion. Excellent STRONG Turkish coffee......Get'r'done everyone!
The wife and I went on a Friday night, we had a great experience! The food was prepared well and the hummus was delish. The owner was a very gracious host. Highly recommended!
After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.

For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.

The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.

They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.

If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
Totally authentic. Splendid.
I absolutely love this little Middle Eastern eatery. The service is great and the atmosphere is casual and intimate. God, you have to try the lentil soup, yes it is as good as everyone has been exclaiming. I will order that every time I go there. I always order falafel (vegetarian $9.95, fava and garbanzo beans deep-fried patties served with hummus, tabouli and pita bread) and it was awesome. My partner ordered the lamb roast ($14.95 tender chunks of boneless lamb in seasoned gravy over rice and topped with toasted almonds.) 

Everything was very flavorful and fresh. It is a bit of a shame that this place is kind of hidden with no real exposure. Great for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
I am in a *DEEP* love affair with Sahara......I feel, there is nothing they could do wrong.....All the dips are super dank (the trio is a must), the Lentil soup really is RIDICULOUSLY DELISH(By far, the best I've ever had!), the lunch combo with Chicken Tikka, basmati sweetness, hummus, house salad-if feeding 2-add a veggie Sanbusek-uh double up uhh uhhhh! 
**The Lamb Kuzi totally rocked my face off with its tenderness & the pumpkin pudding.....oh the pumpkin pudding......Mmmmmm......reminiscing on past food experiences at Sahara makes me slip into a fuzzy, warm food coma....Sweet food laced dreams everyone! 

PS-I adore the owner, Ali, he is so sweet & charming-A truly gracious & proud owner-Thank you so much* XXOO
Its really that good.
I was invited by a couple who had a restaurant.com certificate.  It's nowhere near my usual stomping grounds, but I am always up to try new food!

There was nothing wrong with anything we ordered.  It just wasn't exceptional.  The room is clean and well appointed.  Service was on the ball.
The coffee was FANTASTIC.

The three of us shared the appetizer combo.  Fresh, well presented - but lacking in real flavor.  Everything just seemed a bit on the bland and blah side.

I was really not thrilled with my gyro salad - the meat was dry and tough - and it was a very yogurt based dressing instead of the classic oil/vinegar/herb blends I'm used to.  Plenty of romaine, feta, tomato, cucumber and a couple kalamata olives for good measure.

My companions were happy with their dinners - and it did look and smell like the flavor that was missing in the appetizer may have been made up for in the grilled meats.

The tiramisu one of my companions ordered from dessert was from the Costco freezer. She was sure of it, as that's the one she usally gets for her house.  She wouldn't have been as pissed about it if it was thawed by the time it reached our table.  I tried to make a joke of it - due the Phoenix heat, we have hybrid desserts - enjoy your Tiramisicle!  (Yeah, she didn't think it was funny, either.)

All in all - not a horrible meal - but nothing I'd rush back for.  Especially with Haji Baba so close.  If I'm in Tempe and craving Middle Eastern - that's where you'll find me.
A-maz-ing food. Offering a board range of marinated meats and vegetarian/vegan courses, none of the entrees will disappoint, but be sure to opt for their lentil soup. Their babaganoush is also the best in the town. My parents and I have been going here for more than ten years, and the family who own this place are really amazing people and never fail to make their patrons feel welcome.
Tried this spot last weekend for lunch with my boyfriend and his sister. I ordered Hummus with Chicken, my boyfriend got the Lamb Gyro and his sister ordered the Feta, tabouli and vegie gyro and we ordered a Hummus appetizer.

Ok, so the appetizer reminds me of a 'happy hour' appetizer. Ya know the one where you feel a lil jipped except here you're paying full price, so I was a lil disappointed. It was really good but, it was ity bity. 

As for his lamb gyro, he ate it up and said it was delish, the vegie gyro apparently was not up to par and she couldn't get through it. She said it seemed like some of the ingredients were still raw/undercooked as far as the veggies went.

As for my hummus. It was good not great. It was exactly the same size as the appetizer hummus with a lil chicken in it. Flavor was good but the chicken was dry. 

I'm a huge fan of middle eastern food, but can't say I'm a huge fan of this place unfortunately.
Great soup!  Good service and yummy food!  Try something different to mix it up.
Went here for dinner with a group of four.  We were all very happy with our  food and service.  The chicken feta, the lamb tikka, and the lamb kuzi were all extremely flavorful (I could have gone with a little more sauce on the lamb kuzi, but that's just me).  For dessert, the carrot pudding hit the spot.  Great service.  We'll all be back.
One my fav places.i always get the mezza platter to split and lentil soup.a perfect lunch.the owner is nicest man he will always have a smile and remember u.promise u will love it.also their baklava is yummy and try the home made lemon aid( i rhyme) it has hints of rosewater
Great food and service.
I love this Restaurant! The Lentil soup is amazing and Chicken Biryani was as well!
OOOMMMMMGGGGGG! I'm still getting over how amazing the food and service here was! We ate there tonight and I have to say, there is absolutely nothing bad I can say about this place. I ordered the vegetarian platter and the almond baklava, while my boyfriend got the chicken feta. The food is so fresh and healthy, I kept forgetting that I was downing a veritable feast of Middle Eastern goodness! 

The man who served us, Ali, is the pinnacle of great customer service and he will keep you happy through and through. The nice lady who works there is great, too. You will not regret your visit to Sahara...now come here, ASAP!!!!!!!!
Nice lunch spot. Solid food and easy prices.
The vegetable sunbusek is awesome, other food is okay.  Baklava was not that great.  My husband loved it, but I thought it tasted a little old.
great food and friendly service. 

The family that owns sahara is great. Love the falafel pita!!
Went here again and shared a lot of dishes.  After trying the lamb kuzi, I was hooked!  Everything was very good, except maybe the musaka, which tasted too sour (Maybe too much tomato in the dish).  They had a very interesting and delicious carrot pudding that night too. Upgrade 1 star!
I almost dropped my review to 4 stars because service was a little slow but then something occurred to me. Fast sit-down service is so American. It's customary for us to order an appetizer, shovel it down quickly before the salad comes and mow down the salad before your entree arrives.

Sometimes it's okay to sit down, relax and enjoy your food as much as you do your company.

The service might have been a little slow (one person waiting on 5 or 6 tables and taking care of the take out orders) but our server was extremely courteous. And the food, oh damn, the food was sooo good. I can highly recommend the lamb roast served over rice and the chicken shawarma dinner plate served with rice. Both very delicious.

Sahara is a little bit of a drive but I will most certainly be returning. MMMMMMMMmmmmmmm!
Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back:) - had the chicken feta and the chicken shawirma. Best middle eastern food I've ever had!
I loved this place! Amazing food and service. The servings are just right and very flavorful. Would highly recommend this place if you want a nice quiet dinner.
I really love Sahara.  The only issue I ever have with them is the semi-inconsistant hours.  Some days they are open all day, some days they close in the middle for a couple hours, sometimes they close early.  Call before you head out.

The food and service is excellent.  When my coworkers and I venture out for lunch, this is a prime destination.  The service is good, without being the overly-perky-waitress-that-checks-on-you-every-five-minutes.  The owner is incredible, he actually remembers the names of his semi-regular guests, and seems to remember the preferences of our groups.  He really pays attention to his customers, which is really a nice bonus.

The food is just delicious.  The lebne, the hummus, the tabouleh is all great.  My favorite entrees are the Chicken Tikka and the Vegetable Sambousek.  Order the Sambousek as a meal or an appetizer, you will be happy.  It's a rich flaky crust filled with nicely spiced vegetables and potatoes.  The Gyro is also good, several of my coworkers order it consistently, and my mother loves the Chicken Shawarma.

Check out the lunch specials!  They are great for lunch, not too busy around 11-12 so you can take your coworkers and not have to wait for seating to be available.  They have also never had an issue in splitting our checks with no additional fee.

Lastly, do yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava and a Turkish coffee.  It's amazing.
Been here once and had take-out thrice. Obviously, I LIKE THE FOOD.
Service is slow but kinda ok, you get to talk and not get served food from a production line. Lots of things on the menu to choose from. Love the guy who owns the place, he can get chatty sometimes but who cares till he serves the awesome food. Its difficult to compare it to Haji baba which is my fix for any mid-day middle eastern craving. I prefer this place for dinner.
Ok...I know you've heard it before...but the lentil soup is a definite 5 star! It is absolutely delicious...so much so that I wanted to lick the bowl...but I didn't, I just spoon licked it instead (you know....scraping and scraping until it's gone?)...yum. The other food that my friend and I got was good, but not even close to as good as that soup (which is definitely what I'm getting next time). I got the chicken biryani and my friend got the chicken curry. My chicken was good...it was a little spicy, but also a little sweet with a cinnamon -y flavor to it. My friend's curry was a typical curry...nothing terribly special. The service here was super slow...we waited like 20 minutes to even get water....which is unfortunate, but I can kind of understand it because it is only one girl running the whole front of house and she was busy. Despite this, it was still frustrating to just sit there and wait for so long. However, the good did outweigh the bad and I always like to go to family run restaurants, so I'll be back.
This place is amazing good! Excellent atmosphere, excellent service! I've now been here 5 times and it' been consistant! This place is going to know me by name!
I use to live a street over from this restaurant, it was a treat to go in there. They are such nice welcoming people. We would make it at least a weekly thing to eat there. I would always get the vegetarian platter or the falafel both amazing! THe owner is sooo nice and his daughter is also very friendly and super sweet!!! I haven't been here in a while thats why I gave the 4. I think a trip down there will definitely change my review!
The food, service, and atmosphere were more than great - I felt like I'd been invited to the most hospitable of all Arab homes where the hosts and the food left you speechless! 

First of all, the pictures of Iraq all over the place, along with the randomly placed decorative items on the walls, took me back to fond memories of family dinners. Then I look at the menu and can't decide of course which to order because - in peering over to the next table - I can see that all of the food looks pretty good. Fortunately, going as a group means I will get to sample a few plates! And so I settled for the lamb ouzi. It was amazing! And, so was the kabab dish with fluffy white rice covered in a tomato sauce that I couldn't get enough of. The other dish I was fortunate enough to try was the chicken fetta - on it's own definitely a comfort food i'd like to take home. Actually, I purposefully didn't eat too much just so I could take some home and enjoy it again!

Only complaint I have is they don't have a restaurant near me, plus they chose a name that many middle-eastern restaurant have... so don't be fooled - this, unfortunately in my case, is not a chain!
very attentive server-dani. 
excellent food, good price to value ratio. 
we were by ourselves for the first 30 mins, sad the place deserves to be full up.
i had the grilled combo, very flavorful, cooked right, very tasty, nice choice.
we will go again when we are up in phoenix, i'll try the arab coffee next time.
I go to lunch here regularly and the food is consistent and excellent. The owners are always friendly and recognize us when we come in. The red lentil soup is amazing. Falafel and hummus is really good too.
I'm in LOOOoooooOOOOVVVVvveeeeee!!!! I've been craving some good middle-eastern food for a while, and I found it!!!! yay!!!!!

This is such a cute, little restaurant; very clean and nicely decorated. Very attentive server (possibly the owner as well?) super friendly! You do feel that typical, hospitiable vibe that comes from this culture. 

As for the food.....SOOOOO GOOD!! The hummus is super fresh, not too garlicky, and actually a little bit lemony. Just, really refreshing. All of us ordered the lamb shank....mmmmmmmmm, the meat was just falling off the bone!!! soooooo tender! It had a slight curry taste to it, or maybe it was cinnamon? Anyways, it came with golden raisins and toasted almonds on top, different, but it works!!! The dish came with a cup of lentil soup (also, excellent flavors) or a salad. Not bad for 13 bucks!!

SOOOO excited we found this gem! I know we will be regulars at this wonderful place. :D
Food good, air conditioning bad.
I have been to many mediterranean restaurants and this place is below average.  Chicken was dry and the bread was not fresh.  This would have gotten much a much better review if I hadn't been to so many other restaurants serving this type of food.
Pricy for what they offer but has the best lamb shanks in town
Went there for lunch - and ordered the Vegetable Sumbushek on a whim with another entree. Absolutely worth it. Highly recommend the place if they can serve such quality food at lunchtime. Doesnt accept AMEX. ?? Still worth it.
I thought this restaurant was really good. Split a mezze appetizer and had Chicken Feta for an entree. It was really delicious: crispy pita bits, nice sauce. Great service. Will be back.
This is definitely the best middle eastern food I've tried in the valley. 

We ordered the feta chicken and the vegetarian platter to share. It was a TON of food, and the feta chicken is freaking awesome. I've never eaten anything like it. So so good though. The vegetarian platter was all good--falafel, hummus, baba ganoush, stuffed grape leaves, tabouli. All awesome. The pita bread is perfectly chewy. 

Combine great food with great service and reasonable prices? I'll definitely be back, probably sooner rather than later.
This is BY FAR the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've eaten at. It's inside a small plaza that's nothing flashy, but step inside and it's like walking into a vacation. The place is small, cozy and elegant. All the staff is friendly. The prices are kinda high. 

The waitress warned me that the Arabic coffee is strong and sweet. She brought out a tiny expresso-sized coffee (I assumed I was getting a full mug), however, the price is reasonable compared to a real caf and it was super yummy and just the right sweetness. 

Let me say that I've eaten at other Persian restaurants, such as Al-Ameera on Broadway, and that they have messed up my falafal before, with a terrible taste, that is, and well...how do you mess up something that is as popular as pizza to them?? But Sahara's falafal was generous and yummy. Their hummus is thick and creamy. Their pita bread is warm and made to perfection. I ordered a tabouli salad as an appetizer and it was my first time trying tabouli and it was very flavorful. It could have been a bland salad but the cook must have lots of experience with mint and lemon juice and exactly how to use them. 

I dragged my dad and husband to this place, trying to convince them that there's nothing wrong with foreign food, you know, sometimes you have relatives whose taste buds aren't as adventurous as yours. I made believers out of them.
One of my favorite middle eastern restaurants in the valley!

I don't think we've been disappointed by anything we've tried. We eat this type of food at home all the time, and many places are unable to take you back to childhood, but these dishes are spot on.

Tabouli is fantastic: good ratio of bulgur to parsley.
Fool is wonderful: one of my favorite dishes with a little kick and packed with flavor.
Lamb dishes are juicy and tender, chicken is never dried out, and the lentil soup is great!
For vegetarians, the sebzi is a very good choice.

I would recommend the vegetarian platter or the mezza as an appetizer. Don't forget to try the lentil soup, and if you feel like indulging, try some authentic dessert (baklava)!

The staff is friendly, accommodating, and a loving family. I recommend supporting this local restaurant and getting your fix of authentic middle eastern cuisine!

The hours on their website are somewhat incorrect, but the hours on the PDF menu are more accurate: they close between lunch and dinner, so make sure not to arrive before 5pm for dinner.
I have tried many of the middle eastern restaurants in the Tempe area (and there are quite a few). I would have to say this one is my favorite across the menu. All there dishes are tasty and consistent every time I go.
A friend of mine and I tried this place for the first time today! I had a falafel and she had Chicken Tikka with hummus. It was very tasty and inside the restaurant it is very pretty with a nice ambience. We also tried their pistachio baklava which was also very good! We will defnitely be back!
***The best the best the best!!!!! 

I have been eating at Sahara's since I was 15 years old, which at that time it was located on Mill Avenue. 

Sahara's is THE BEST you can get for Middle Eastern Cuisine. The lentil soup is TO DIE FOR and if you add this special green sauce, it's amazing! I usually stick with the chicken shawarma plate, which is amazing! They also have the best hummus in AZ! You must also try the Turkish coffee, which is out of this world with cream and sugar. It'll keep you up for hours!!

Lastly, the family that makes it all possible for us is warm and inviting. They are hard working and have been apart of the community in Tempe for years and years. Ali is my favorite, always a smiling face. :)
My first impression:  

The dining area was "Smallish"--maybe 25' x 35'--but not cramped due to good table configuration.  They are located in a corner suite so the place is filled with ample natural light during the day.  The restaurant was well decorated, presentable and most importantly--clean.  The server and a man who I think is the owner were light-hearted and personable. 

The hummus was perfect and I believe a touch better than Haji Baba's.  I liked the addition of the tomato garnish rather than Haji's olive with pit.  I'd love to add an heirloom tomato slice to it when they're in season.

I ordered a gyro wrap which I think could be decked out with a few more toppings.  I did however order mine without pickles.  Nevertheless, it was very tasty on account of the melding of the delicious meat with the perfectly warmed and toasted-in-certain-spots pita.  

The gyro wrap didn't come with any sides.  The gyro plate that my wife ordered did come with a delicious white rice with a light dusting of some red spice or sauce that was delicious.  Next time I'll be getting the gyro plate with a pita so I can load up my own gyro with rice and some hummus.  A little Sriracha sauce would've gone nicely but I didn't want it to get in the way of my first tasting.  I don't know if they have Sriracha available as I didn't ask.

I'll be hitting Sahara up regularly.  I feel like I'm in store for an even better experience once I start delving into the more involved dishes.
Although my meal was decent, if you're looking for feta cheese this isn't the restaurant for you. I went there looking for something with lots of feta (craving). However, none of the dishes come with feta including most of the salads. When I asked if I could get feta on my dish the owner refused saying it didn't go with the dish. By the way, the dish was named Chicken Feta. And, yes it would have been better with feta cheesee.
I am not quite sure if its because ive been sick and the gyro didnt taste as good as i expected but it affects my taste buds. All and all the gyro wrap i had was okay and when i am not sick ill give them a second chance.  My manager loved the gyro lunch plate and thought it was amazing.
I was really hungry and feeling some good food that was tasty and not a greasy cheeseburger or burrito.  I have always been a fan of Mediterranean or middle eastern food so I figured I would give this ace a chance .   I called to place a pick up order and was greeting by a kind , gentle spoken man . I ordered the chicken schwarma and a side of hummus .  When I went to pick it up , the restaurant was extremely clean and quite intimate.  The gentleman that took my order on the phone was kind and well dressed and spoken .   I paid and took my food home .  I was starving !! I got  home and sat down to some of the best food I have had in a while .  The hummus was slightly garlicky and smooth (not to oily) . The chicken schwarma was incredible and had these little red pepper/pickles and the chicken was perfectly cooked and extremely tasty and tender .  Overall I was extremely impressed and will be coming back for sure .
This is one of our favorite middle eastern restaurants and it's very close to home. We've dined in and ordered take-out often.  They dont have a full bar, but allowed to bring your own wine and/or beer with you. The ambiance is very simple, casual and cozy. The owner, Ali, is very friendly as well as his staff.  Our favorite dish is the Fetaita wrap which is a combo of feta cheese, hummus, tabouli and fresh vegetables. I always ask for extra diced cucumbers since It's my fave.  For an appetizer, get the Jajeek, yogurt dip minced w garlic and mint topped w cucumbers and olive oil; comes with pita bread.  Grape leaves and side of rice is always good, too!  
I dont think you could go wrong w what's listed on the menu. 
Def a must try!!!!
Excellent combos for lunch. Great authentic taste
Wonderful family-owned restaurant. Good food, good service, relaxing atmosphere.  Mondays were a little slower than other nights so this became my dinner, class prep, read, grade papers spot. I loved the turkish coffee and chatting with the fam. They're also apart of American Airlines and US Airways dining advantage club.
Absolutely, positively, the GO TO place for Mediterranean Food in this part of the Valley.  I just had a falafel pita there for lunch today that was incredible and filling--just the right amount of tahini to give it zing.  From their sunbuseks to their red lentil soup, nothing there is to be missed.  The baklava is about as good here as I've ever tasted it anywhere.  Service is always friendly.

It's not a long review because there isn't much more to say.   My whole family enjoys eating here.  This place rocks, and most of the other reviewers you'll read for this place agree with me.  Try it for yourself.
3 1/2 years after my first review I have been to this restaurant 4 times now.  What I loved most on my first visit was the lentil soup.  Yeah, it just doesn't do the same thing for me anymore.  I won't be back.  Not because the vegetarian platter wasn't good (though it is quite a bit higher in price than Haji Baba which is my FAVORITE!!) it's that we had an entertainment coupon that they wouldn't accept.  We did not find this out until after we had eaten and were ready to pay for our "meals".  (Spent more on the meal then would have on another falafel sandwich if I didn't have the coupon.)  We were told that the Entertainment Coupon book printed their coupon again without permission and they have a sign on the door to let people know before they come in.  The door was propped open so the sign was unreadable.  If we had known the coupon would not have been accepted we would have eaten somewhere else.  Seriously!  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!
Best Middle Eastern sit-down restaurant around.  Friendly, family-run BYOB restaurant.  I was concerned when they moved away from ASU, but they place always seems full of loyal customers.  Our kids ask to go here for birthdays and my husband and I enjoy quiet dinners alone as well here.
Very very good......the lamb shank was out of this world...beware the plate is big. For appetizers make sure you get the grape leaves and hummus....cannot go wrong with it. For drinks get the mango nectar.

Forgive the wait....they do get busy for a good reason but they should figure out a way to reduce it.
The Chicken Feta is phenomenal.  Everything on the Veg Platter is probably the finest example  that you will find on North America.  This is the place to go for Middle Eastern in the Valley - or in the States for that matter!
We decided to give this a try after being long time regulars at Haji Baba.

While it was very good and I'd say their meat hummus is probably better than Haji, everything else was about average and expensive in comparison.
Excellent food.  I had the Gyros meal with hummus and a side salad.  We went for lunch, the service was a little slow but it was worth it in the end.
Great place! Food was extremely tasty! Service was pleasant and accommodating.. I really liked the decor inside as well. We will definitely be coming back...
I've been eating at the Sahara since 1994 when a date took me there for dinner.  
I take EVERYONE there at least once, and now that I've moved out of Tempe, I make a point to go to this restaurant if I happen to be in the vicinity.

Great atmosphere, gracious service and consistently fantastic food.

I love Ali, Noor and the whole (family!) staff at the Sahara.
I love this place!  The food is authentic in addition to great service.  I always get the chicken feta dish and it is amazing.  I have tried some of the appetizers too and they are delicious.
Great lunch here today. Chicken tikka and hummus were tasty. Balaclava for dessert was round instead of flat but very good.
Perhaps I shouldn't review based on one dining experience.  Still I'm compelled because the food was so good.  I had the Fool Modemas with a side of falafel.  My first time eating the fava bean dish, trying to talk myself out of going back for more right now.  The falafel was the best I've eatened, light, crispy delicious. Why am I torturing myself... getting my keys.   Be Peace!
I walked in, and I was the only white guy there. That, considering the type of food I was about to eat, was a good sign for me. The owner served us, and he was extremely kind. Explained everything on the menu in detail for my cracker self, and brought everything out in a timely manner. Even my rude Jewish uncle was impressed, although I begged him not to mention his Jewish affiliations while we were in the restaurant...he did. I forgot what I got, but I remember wishing I got the lamb that my friends got. It was exceptional. Start off with the hummus and other dips with pita. I could have literally just ate that and been totally content. But I'm also a dip.
Not sure why the high reviews, its pretty typical, standard Middle Eastern fare, not great, not bad. 

I have had much better in the middle east of course.

I thought the prices were much too high for the portion size, but I always think that (cause I can and do eat A LOT).

Would I go back....maybe, if the GF was in the mood for it, but prob not on my own due to the prices...)
We ordered the chicken and lamb tikka and my wife order the chicken tikka.
The food is just ok in my opinion, nothing that yells I need more of this.  My wife agreed.
The lamb pieces were very small and the fat was not completely trimmed off.  The chicken was good.
The tabbouleh was the best thing we ate here.
The service was very friendly and the food came out in good time.
Simply put... one of those places where the ambiance/decor is lacking, but the food is out of this world.  The best of its genre.  I can't help but give it 5 stars... soooo good.  The falafels, hummus, gyro, turnip soup, etc... everything was incredible.  I will be back... alot.
I am in love! And it's right around the corner from my house! So that means it was meant to be. Try the lentil soup... You can't even handle how good it is, trust me.
Chicken feta is a must try.
Today I ate lunch here for the umpteenth time and it was delicious as always. My extended family and I have been eating at Sahara for years-back when it used to be located on Mill Ave. Everything I've tried is amazing. My personal favorites are the Chicken Tikka platter, the lemonade, hummus, lentil soup and rice pudding for dessert. It's a family owned restaurant and we know the owner personally- he's a great guy and the service is always excellent. Also, if you ever have the chance to try their Chicken Kardashi special definitely get it!
I haven't been to this restaurant since they moved away from Mill Ave several years ago.  Everything was very fresh and good.  I think the owner was our waiter and he was genuinely gracious for our business.  We both had the homemade lentil soup and it was awesome.  The hummus was also very good.  We will go back very soon.
Followed the high ratings given by Yelpers and drove out to Sahara Middle Eastern Restaurant---and I mean drove... (long story)  
The place seemed nice enough, decorated with a middle eastern flavor without too much exaggeration.  Sat down at the booth in the back and had to put one of their decorative pillows to prop myself up from the sagging seating--uncomfortable to say the least.  Then we waited 10 minutes before anyone came to offer us menus or acknowledge that we were there.  Finally I decided to ask for menus-- gee what a surprise, customers need to see the menus.  We then had to ask for water because NONE was forthcoming without asking.  Maybe they are trying to save the environment, but don't most restaurants ask you what you are drinking?--NOT here.  
So now we are set,  we have menus, but we also have questions.  So we ask the young lady in capri pants strutting herself around the restaurant (and especially around the owner)  about the preparation of one of the dishes.  BAD mistake (is there a good mistake????).  She said she didn't know much about the menu.  Aren't employees who interact with customers supposed to know about the menu???  Go to any McDonalds and ask what a BIG MAC is... I am sure they would know!!!!   I digress.
The order was a chicken Shawarma sandwich,  Chicken Biryani, and a Vegetable Combo dish ( I think a #20).  Let's start with what I liked.  I thought the combo dish consisting of Hummus, Grape leaves, Falafel, Tabouleah, Babaganoush accompanied by pita was fine.  At $12.95 I don't know if it was fine.  It was a tad expensive compared to other combos at other places.  Regardless, I enjoyed it.  Hubby did not enjoy paying $12.95 for it.  The biggest disappointment was the Chicken Biryani.  It was well spiced but the chicken was overcooked.  When you cook white meat it becomes really stringy.  So all I heard on the way home was how overcooked his chicken was..(keep in mind that I had selected the restaurant).  The real surprise was that my 13 year old granddaughter who ADORES chicken shawarma and all things middle eastern did not enjoy her sandwich.  Don't get me wrong, she ate it.  But when I asked her about it she said, it was a sandwich she would NOT return for.  She then named 3 other middle eastern restaurants who make it better.  
Disappointing.   I must say that the young lady  who brought us water made up for it by offering water almost to an annoying level.  Maybe it was her way to just strut those capri's in front of the owner.  Perhaps a dress code is overdue. Nobody wants to look at crotch.  Well, almost nobody.
We enjoyed the restaurant and I give it a three star and my wife gives it a 4 so I'll put a four-star here. I felt that the food was a little overpriced for lunch -- approximately $10-$12 a plate. But all in all a was an excellent experience.
I have never once been disappointed eating here. The daily specials are always delicious, the humus is also fantastic. Everything tastes fresh and feels and tastes like home cooking. The walnut baklava is also to die for. I can't say enough good things about Sahara's.
I have eaten here a handful of times and have always had a great experience. The service has been wonderful as well as the food. I have to admit, I've only tried the chicken schwarma and the gyro and have found them to be just like My Big Fat Greek Restaurant - which I also enjoy. Don't get me wrong, I feel the food is scrumptious and deserves a solid 3-3.5 stars, but it's the fact that its a charming locally run family business that bumps my rating to 4. I would recommend giving this place a try. I know I will come back and try different dishes...I had eyeballed other guests' plates and they looked amazing!
Great food decent ambiance and fair prices, why is this place not packed?

WE started with the fool, a warm mix of mashed garbanzo beans, seasonings topped with onions and tomato it was great.

For the main dish we went with the vegetarian musaka, which is eggplant in a red sauce. on't confuse this with an Italian dish, as the flavors are very different  It comes with a well cooked long grain rice which compliments it nicely.
The food was great, I had the lamb shank and it literally fell off the bone it was so tender! I love that you can bring your own wine, they provide the corking and the glasses which I think is great! There is also a liquor store around the corner you could grab a bottle at. I will definitely be back, the service was wonderful as well!
Selected the restaurant on the premise of using the Entertainment Book coupon only to find out that for whatever reason this merchant no longer accepts the promo. A disappointment. Nevertheless, the food was delicious, especially the lamb shank.
Food is yummy! Took a gyro dinner with a side of hummus home and complemented it with some sriracha....not the very best middle eastern cuisine I've ever had, but delicious none the less, and I will most certainly be back
By far one of theeee best restaurants I've ever eaten at.   I thought they were going to bring out some chopped up pieces of this and that.  I didn't really expect much, so when they did bring out my food, on presentation alone, I was taken down a a peg or two!!!  OMG!!  The food was amazing.  I just couldn't believe how delicious it was.  I ordered the Lamb Kutzi (? I think it was Kutzi, or Cutezi - either way, it was a WHOLE lamb shank) along with the most succulent roasted vegetables of my life!  

               - The Vegetables -
I could have eaten a whole, full place of the vegi's alone.  My goodness!  What did she do to those vegi's to mak'em so... so... juicy, crewey almost candy like without being sweet.  'Amazing' on the vegi's alone.  And they bring'em out like "oh, here's some vegetables you ordered."  I mean, they should play Mozart as they bring the food to the tabl.  'Just' seeing my plate actually made me sit up straight and fix myself.
 
               - The Lamb -
So then I see the lamb.  I start looking behind and in front of me, thinking "Is this for me?  Maw?  Surly this plate is for some rich guy, some dignitary, yes?"  No!  It was mine, mine, mine!!! Allll mine!!!  I can't even begin to describe how (I'm droolin as I write this) amazingly delicious that shank of love was.  I mean, did she kiss all over that plate before they brought it out?  Was it watchin porn?  I mean this thing was super sexy.   

               - The Tiramisu -
Now I don't normally eat desert.  I'm pretty much off of sugar and such, but that food was so good I had to try something else.  So when the server ran down the list of deserts, I asked if she made the Tiramisu, and she said yes.  Soooooo there it is.  "Hit me with the Tira!"   and "Oooooh baby, PLEASE!"  All I can say is the cook should wear a crown.
My company ordered a catered lunch for pickup for 30 people today. While we were there, the lady at the register told us the total was $350 ($50 more than quoted).  We asked her to explain so that we could understand the price change, and she was unable to answer the question for us. She re-calculated everything and again came up with the original total of $304.00.  The owner was on the phone at the time, and was telling her to charge us $350.  Because she could not explain why, she kindly charged us $304.

When we walked out the door with our food the owner ran, literally ran, up to us and asked to see the receipt.  He says, "Oh you guys got a deal. She's an idiot" referring to the lady at the register, considering this is a family restaurant; I'm assuming this was a wife or sister. When I responded, "I'm sure she's not an idiot, it is just a mistake" he interrupted me with "Yes, she's an idiot."  I even asked him to just explain to me if we owed more money and he brushed me off saying "nevermind".   I was so put off by this, and we immediately left with our food and I was seriously concerned that this woman was going to be scolded.

 When we served the food to our 30 employees, we ran out of food at only 20 people, and no one had large "restaurant" servings, only normal plate servings. Some (including myself) had very small portions.  I had a pita and 3 pieces of chicken (the chicken was thin cut and about an inch long).  We regularly order catered lunches for our employees, and have never had a problem with quantity.  

When we called Sahara to voice our concern, not wanting any compensation, just to voice that we ran out of food so they would be aware for future orders, the owner quickly interrupted yet again and told us we were "wrong" and that we ate too much.  He said that three small inch slices of chicken is more than enough for one pita. We went on to say that we understand if that is their serving size, we were just trying to make them aware, but he continued to interrupt us to the point where we could not even say "Sir, sir, sir sir sir" into the phone because he was talking over us so loudly. We ended up having to hang up on the owner because he was raising his voice, being condescending, and not listening to anything that was being communicated to him.  He just kept repeating that we were wrong.  The food was amazing, but we will no longer be catering our business lunches with this restaurant.  We are absolutely astounded at the rudeness that the owner exhibited not only to us, but also to his co-worker and possibly his own family member. In no way can I think of an appropriate time to call an employee an idiot TWICE in front of customers.  Very, very rude and unprofessional. It's a shame that their food is so great when their ownership is so unprofessional and their catering quantity sizes are so small. I would not recommend this restaurant.
My wife, not adventurous with food, loves this place... It's the only middle eastern place other than pita jungle she'll go to. Hummus is excellent, hot tea is the best In the area and servings are great value. I've had the lamb shank, which is excellent, beef shwarma special, chicken shwarma and a couple other dishes I have never been disappointed. The carrot pudding is really unique and tasty. Wife loves the chicken feta and has even gotten into some other conservative dishes. The service is always great. The owner remembers us now and has always been extremely welcoming. You will really feel like you are supporting a family establishment.
I am not sure why I never stopped here before but kicking myself that I haven't. 
The food is super good and the service was warm and attentive. We felt like welcome guests and there was a nice balance of being friendly without being overly intrusive. 

We started with some vegetable soup (can't remember the name). There was some special seasoning that made it much better than the bland vegetable soup . 
I had the vegetarian platter and the server asked if I wanted to substitute anything. That was a first for me. Oh yes got more Stuffed Grape leaves (excellent). The hummus was smooth and not over oily or garlicky (problem with many restaurants). My date had a grilled meat platter and loved it and he's picky about food. He even liked the lamb which he doesn't usually care for. 

It's a casual setting and large portions - though I still ate my entire serving. 
The restaurant has been added to one of my favorites. .
So happy I stopped by!  They have an awesome eggplant moussaka. Its served in a red sauce and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. Very glad it was served without the cream sauce that the Greek version has. This dish was actually healthy for you. 

Instead of the rice I opted for the grilled veggies and very glad I did. I think they could serve the grilled veggies with a salad as a main dish they were that good. 

I will definitely be going back again.
I took a group of 10 future restaurant reviewers to eat at this restaurant, and none of us were disappointed.

We all shared, starting off with Hummus and Pita's, which were warm and perfect with the creamy hummus and olive oil. Another companion ordered Babaghanouj, which is an eggplant dip and nicely prepared. We also had Foul Moudamas (fava beans with garlic, chiles and spices in a sauce), as well as stuffed grape leaves. 

Several members of our group were vegetarians, and each ordered a different dish from the menu. All were pronounced excellent. Portions were so large than many had to bring home leftovers.

A member of our group ordered the Chicken Tika, and other than she would have preferred it to be spicier, it was totally devoured. Other dishes ordered were Chicken Biryani, Lamb Tika, and the Mixed Grill.

I ordered the Lamb Kuzi, which is a slow roasted lamb shank, served with it's sauce over a bed of rice. I love lamb, and this was no exception. Tender and falling off the bone, it was a complete meal and had a wonderful flavor of cinnamon with it, which I found to be both unusual and delicious.

The only dessert available was Baklava, which no one objected to.

Service was attentive and very personable. The premises were clean and by the time we left the place was packed.

4 stars for quality of food, cleanliness and service
Where do I begin.  Went to Sahara for dinner last night and goodness was I very pleasantly surprised.  The gentlemen that waited on us (I'm guessing the owner) was a very sweet man that had great suggestions on what to have and what complimented our dishes and boy was he right.  Not only that but he was very attentive and a joy to chat with. 

I had the chicken shawirma( that's how it was spelled on the menu) with the grilled veggies and dang was it perfect!  The chicken was top quality, juicy, perfectly seasoned, and cooked.  No gristle or chewy bits and all white meat!  What a nice surprise!  The pita bread that came with it was very fresh and light.  Not dense at all and the grilled veggies were spot on!  I honestly could go back just for those.  I also started with a lentil soup that was far from bland and boring like I thought it would be and to top it off the hummus was smooth, creamy, and not overly garlicky.  I really think this may be the best meal I've had at a restaurant in years.   It's definitely a must try.   It is a lil on the pricey side but for the quality of food and service I'd gladly pay it again and again!  I will be back!
The food and service is always top notch. I've been going here for years and am finally writing a review. I usually get chicken tikka and it's absolutely delicious every time. It's great to have a dish I crave that's healthy too. If you haven't tried this place, I suggest you do very soon. 

Oh, get the hummus with chicken on top. It's super tasty.
Strip mall with a security guard patrolling on foot didn't give me a warm fuzzy.  Nice waitress but she was the only one working that night.  Food was just kind of meh.  I wasnt that impressed but i am spoiled with the good mediterranean food we have in St Louis.
This is probably one of the best middle eastern restaurants I've been to.  We arrived at 8:00 and it was nearly full, which is a good sign. I ordered the Chicken Tikka, and it was tender, flavorful, and very well presented. The servings were generous as well. My friend ordered the fatoush salad with some added grilled chicken and he was similarly impressed. Our server, (who I have a hunch was the owner, or at least the manager) was very friendly.  This will definitely be a regular dinner spot for us when we're in Chandler for work.
I heard about this place from my Arab friends and they suggested their lamb shank over Kuzzi rice. The rice was kinda watery and over cooked. Service was all right, and the place looked nice and neat. Their green hot sauce was very tasty! Their lemonade is homemade which tasted good.
huge fan of middle eastern food! love the lamb, rice and house salad! soooooo freakin good. I have no idea how they make the dressing for the salad but it is so fantastic! A++ for food quality, customer service , and prices. Will be coming back soon!
Fairly good food- I'm a fan of their gyros salad and the lamb kuzi is especially flavorful and succulent. Portions are rather small, though. Ambiance is nice. Service is better than your typical Middle Eastern restaurant.
The food was well spiced and the portion size was generous. The variety included in the menu was expansive and interesting. I normally don't get excited about middle eastern cuisine - however - this place is worth getting excited for! The ambiance seemed genuine and authentic; from the rugs, hookah and camel art - it all worked. The music was soothing and sexy. As I looked into my date's eyes - I knew something magical was happening. 5 stars! Solid! The server suggested some dishes that were scrumptious - the service was superb!
**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**

After trying the one in Gilbert several years ago, I was afraid to try this location. But I was hungry from fasting for a blood test and decided to try this location. I won't be going back.

For the record, this is not the same owner as the one in Gilbert (as I found out), and the food was much better than the one in Gilbert. I ordered a chicken shwarma plate with a side of hummus - to go. Instead of warning me that there's no lunch plate available for shwarma, only pita wraps, I was charged for a full priced dinner.  Nice.  Thanks.

The "dinner" comes with rice topped with a tomato sauce, salad or lentil soup and the shwarma. The shwarma had a great flavor, but was a little dry for my liking. The rice was overwatered, meaning it was mushy and they used too much water when cooking it. The tomato sauce they used to top the rice was good. What shocked me was that they put a small salad in the corner of my to-go box and the lettuce was covered with the warm rice and chicken. Gross. Soggy, warm lettuce. Ew. I cannot comment on the side salad I received because I forgot to tell him that I don't like creamy dressings and it was smothered in it.  My fault for not telling him.

They don't make their hummus fresh. Their hummus has the consistency and taste of the canned hummus you can buy at Haji Baba's down the street. It was over salted (canning process!) and they used too much oil for the consistency. I threw away my lunch half way through. I can get better food elsewhere.

If you are not familiar with Middle Eastern cooking, you will find this place good and charming. If you are familiar, I'm sure you know to steer clear of this place.
Thanks, yelp, for directing me to another hidden gem of a restaurant! I've passed by Southern and McClintock several times and never noticed this restaurant, tucked inside a strip mall/shopping center.

The food here was great.  I ordered a cup of the lentil soup (it's delicious, like the other reviews mention. tastes like pureed chicken soup? but it's vegetarian I think), the vegetable sunbusket (sort of like a samosa... not my favorite but not bad), and the Sahara salad (fresh and tasty greens and dresing).  I should've skipped the sunbuket and gotten a bowl of the lentil soup.

I did notice the service was reeeaally slow, as in slow to bring us water, slow to take our order, slow to bring us the check.  But luckily none of us were in a hurry so it didn't bother me.  And the servers were nice.
this place is closed!
Given the location and the history of this place, you may have really low expectations.  That helps, but the food is actually quite good.  Friday night's ubiquitous fish fry, of course, but they have a respectable menu of Mediterranean specialties as well.  I'm fond of the Shwarma Platter, myself.  Some nights they have belly dancers for entertainment- that's really fun to watch.  

What's a trip to a hookah lounge without an actual hookah?  Try the peach/mango, it's amazingly smooth and flavorful.  I'd never tried it before and was amazed at how uncigarette-like it is.
My friends and I came here for a friend's birthday. It's a little off-putting when you first come in. We had to cut through a very un-Mediterranean bar to get to the actual resturant. The food and martinis was good, the owner was very attentive, and the entertainment was fun to watch (just make sure you're not in her way when she spins!). Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to try a hookah.
Very relaxed atmosphere, and the food was good, but our service was soooooo slooooooow! The location is also somewhat off-putting (and hard to find if you've never been there) being as it seems to be literally in the middle of a trailer park. But, once you're inside it's a very chill place, nice to have a hookah and some food.
I went here on new years eve, had never been here before, they had some special for NYE, I got the pork tenderloin was pretty good, came with a ton of potato's. They were three smaller tenderloins wrapped in bacon. There was a belly dancer dancing while we were eating that was balancing candles on her head and stuff. was pretty interesting. when we were leaving they were bring out swards and fire or something. We got a hookah, lasts about a half hour. They were out of mint chacolate chip so we got mango-watermelon mix that was pretty good.  When we were leaving there was kareokee going on in the bar area but didn't stay for that.
coolest place ever! so glad that there is a hookah bar in Madison! And it's (in my opinion) in a super-neat location, on top of a secluded hill! The hookah is great - they have many flavors to choose from. I only wish they offered some sort of hookah happy hour special. A hookah bar I used to frequent in Champaign, IL offers half-priced hookahs from 5-8pm, which I think is a great idea. I wasn't so sold on the food - I ordered a greek salad and it was DRENCHED in dressing (note to self: order dressings on the side :-)). The drinks are great - especially the winter/seasonal hot chocolate with smirnoff MARSHMALLOW - sounds so weird but was super good. The ambiance is great, although it is a little cold in the backroom. On weekends they have a belly dancer. I plan on taking every friend who comes to visit me, to this place. It's truly unique, and there is a separate bar attached with frequent karaoke! How fun!
Very good food, decent drinks, but the hookahs are the big draw. I don't really smoke, but I love the rose-flavored tobacco drawn through the big water pipes. Very mild and it's supposed to be all natural. Mideastern cuisine is their specialty, but the duck is very tender.
I LOVE the Hookah Lounge!  I have been coming here once or twice a month for a few years now, almost always on Friday and Saturday nights to watch belly dancing.  

Food is good, I usually go for the Friday Fish or Shrimp Scampi.  Once I had a prime rib special that was also terrific.

The martinis are pricey, usually $7 to $8, but they don't skimp on alcohol, especially when Billy is behind the bar :)  One or two and I'm good for the night!  They also have drink specials, like $4 Old Fashioneds, or $3.50 Leinie's pints.

I tried a Hookah for the first time a few weeks ago, and it's quite enjoyable.  It is tobacco but it doesn't give you that scorched lung feel, the taste is great and the smoke dissapates.  Four of us shared a mango hookah and it seemed to last forever, though by the end I was a little tired of the flavor, but mango isn't my favorite to start with.

I went one Sunday on for a Packer game, and it was a nice little crowd, plus free shots when the Packers score a touchdown.

I've never been for Karaoke, but that's another popular draw.

The location is kinda random (in the middle of a trailor park!)  but it sure beats the overcrowding and limited parking downtown.

LGBTQ friendly.
The fact that this place is located on Sirloin Strip on the edge of a trailer park that overlooks the Beltline highway can be misleading.

It's a good spot for Mediterranean food (at least in Madison). Service is pretty attentive and if you are lucky you will smoke a hookah and see a belly dancer. The other half of the building is a divey karaoke bar with a much more local crowd.

Food - 3.5 stars
Atmosphere / uniqueness / service - 4.5 stars
There's a lot to love about the Hookah Lounge and Cafe once you get past it's tough exterior shell. (Seriously close one eye on the drive up the hill no matter which way you go and avoid looking around too closely as you go inside. Once through the door, eyes open. Take it all in.) [1] But let's be honest, a lot of things have a tough exterior and delicious insides. 

M&Ms
Star Fruit
Cornucopias 
the list goes on

I suggest you start your evening in the bar area. The Friday I was there, there were some inexpensive drink specials, and the space is so large that even when I arrived around 6 it hadn't filled up. You're not going to get the full experience sitting at the bar, so after a bev or two (you can take unfinished drinks with) walk over to the cafe part. There's another bar (win!) and a smattering of tables. The menu has a number of options sure to please anyone's propensity for Mediterranean. I got the shaved lamb plate and couldn't polish it off, it's seriously huge. Your meal will start with some pita and Zatar (look it up) which is an uber authentic way to get things going. 

Didn't stay for the hookah or for the belly dancing. I get super uncomfortable when those ladies get close. Personal space please, personal space. 

[1] Don't actually close one eye. That would be dangerous. Unless you're trained.
This place is fantastic!  I wish we had one like this in Minneapolis.  They offer a full-service bar, delicious mediterranean food, plush couches and chairs to sit on as well as a wide variety of sheesha to choose from.  

The location is a little odd since it is in an auto mall but once you get inside, it is completely worth it!

Check them out for something a little different to do :)
I LOVE this place. This is one of my favorite places in Madison. Ignore the surrounding area and the look of the building from the outside. The hookah is amazing. I've been hookah'ing at home for three years and I can never seem to get it as good as their's. Their food on the weekends is also amazing. I don't usually care for the appetizers during the week, though. The atmosphere is prefect. It's so relaxing and comfortable. One of my favorite things about this place is the belly dancing! Anya Sofia is the best! I go every time she dances! The owner is a really great friendly guy too. Overall this place is great!
This place is such a trip. 

I've been here many a Friday/Saturday night to watch some belly dancing (every Friday and Saturday at 8 and 9:30pm) with some friends. The dancers are usually very good, though I have been disappointed on occasion. The dancers dance throughout the lounge, and it's pretty chill, so if watching belly dancing is not your thing, you can kind of ignore it and continue your conversation/hookah smoking/drinking. There are a lot of hookah flavors to choose from, and there are several decent drink specials ($4 old fashioneds on Fridays). My boyfriend got a burger there the other night and said it was really good. 

What's really interesting about this place is the fact that it is 2 bars in one building, with two completely different vibes. There's the hookah lounge, which is a slightly more upscale-feeling restaurant-type space. Then, just down the hall, is a divey karaoke bar that definitely feels more like it belongs in the trailer park in which the building is actually located. I say this latter comment with no disrespect, because I have had a lot of fun in that bar. The karaoke screen is in a corner, so you don't have to look at other people when you sing, if you're a little embarrassed/nervous (as I of course was). There's usually a pretty congenial feel, and the karaoke MC is funny and  welcoming.
Wow, who knew? Great Mediterranean food on a hill in a trailer park overlooking the Beltline. Excellent service, great belly dancing, hookahs on almost every table. Highlights included chicken kabob with fresh grilled veggies and chicken on bed of incredible couscous, Mediterranean pasta and falafel. Only negative was they were sold out off eggplant parm from the night before!
We stumbled upon this little place in a worn strip mall by accident, but it ended up being a very happy accident. 

Yes, it is true that the decor will not be gracing the pages of fashion magazines anytime soon, but this is a clean, no-frills kind of place. There is also no point in coming here if you are pressed for time, because it is not fast food by any stretch of the imagination. Most importantly, the food is good. Really good. 

The menus must have changed since other reviewers visited, because there was no Arabic on the menu. Everything is in English. I had the falafel plate and my companion had the lamb shank and rice. Both meals came with a wonderful lentil soup that I have had at Fattoush many times- but this one was so much better. The falafel plate came with falafel of course, a questionable salad, pita that looked homemade, and some of the tastiest hummus i've ever had. It was a huge amount of food, but it was so good that I was compelled to order an extra side of hummus to go with the leftovers. The lamb was apparently very tasty also- i'm not much of a lamb fan, so I didn't try it. The accompanying rice was very tasty though- very complex with many different flavors, but none of them were overwhelming. 

At 7.99 for the falafel and 9.99 for the lamb plate, the prices are more than reasonable, especially when you consider that each entree can easily end up being two meals. 

I admit that I am partial to Middle-Eastern food and rarely meet a falafel that I dislike, but this was definitely one of the better examples of the cuisine in the metro Phoenix area. I will definitely be back, and maybe next time i'll try the chicken.
R.I.P. Baghdad restaurant.
It is now a Kabob restaurant that is good, but not as good as Baghdad was.
After returning from my tour in Iraq i sometimes have a nitch for good Iraqi food. i descovered this place by chance after dropping off a friend before heading home. I pulled into the parking lot not expecting much from a place called baghdad restaurant in Arizona, but what the heck right? 

So i walk in and take a quick look around, I can easily tell it was at one point a mexican food restaurant. I ordered the kabobs and rice and grabbed a coke. the owner was very nice, and he chatted for nearly and hour about Iraqi politics and how he likes what America is doing there... now at this point i had been home from iraq for only two weeks so i was still a little jumpy and expected to hear gun shots headed my way any moment, but I enjoyed a great meal (under $10) and a great conversation. The food was not much diffrent that that i experianced in iraq.... also when i last visited the menus where in english
My boyfriend suggested going here and I'm glad we did.  The food was really good!  I keep asking to go again but alas we have not.  It's kind of a long drive from where he lives so...
It is nicely decorated though I think the plasma TVs in the dining area playing an Arabic version of MTV are out of place.   Their mezze, an assortment of appetizers, seemed outrageously overpriced at $24, so we ordered baba ghannou, roasted eggplant with lemon juice and garlic dip served with warm pita triangles.  It was good, but I thought the addition of olive oil detracted from the taste and texture.  My wife's entre was kafta kabob, minced lamb with chopped onion and spices and served with tziki sauce while I ordered lamb kabob.  The kafta kabob was too light on the spices.  I ordered the lamb kabob medium rare and it ended up being both fatty and overcooked.  Our entrees were accompanied by rice and a bland salad.
This place was great when it first opened. I remember the owner used to give us free appetizers and the customer service was great...but my return trips to Almaza have been progressively disappointing. Customer service has declined considerably, and while the food and hookah are good, it's not worth being ignored half the time, or shooed to another table for another party, even though you made reservations in the first place. A lot of the old waiters/bartenders have left, and their replacements leave something to be desired. I recommend checking out Chandelier on St. Rose and Eastern...it's a lot better.
the filet mignon kabob thingies with rice is something i get everytime i come here.

its never been busy when i went so i cant say the service was bad because the ratio was like 5:1. 

its no something i eat everytime i go back to vegas but it is something i try to eat.

ps try the cheese appitizer. =)
How are you guys giving this place bad reviews???

I came here with a couple of people, we got two hookahs with awesome flavored tobacco; mango, mint, watermelon, and strawberry. 

I ordered a pizza smothered with lamb, olives, mozzarella cheese, sauce. It was out of this world and my mouth is watering just thinking about it.

The only drawback to this place would be the loud music before prime hours, and that is my only complaint. Hands down loved it, can't wait to go back.
CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU LEAVE AND DON'T PAY USING YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!!! i have gone here a dozen times and it never fails, one of our cards will always get over charged.. They will add to your tab so don't ever leave your card on an open tab. Pay for drinks as they come. The food is good but very very overpriced. The hookah is also very expensive as are the drinks. At night they try to turn into a club and have bottle service and a DJ so forget having a nice quiet dinner. After the last experience of being overcharged last month i vowed never to go back.
Long story short....I'm from Vegas, now live in Oakland, but went back to Vegas for my birthday.
Which means I HATE the strip.

All I wanted was to groove to some hip hop and it's very hard to do that off the strip and without a cover charge (think...Poetry...now that it's half celeb owned, they think they can charge $30 for ladies....)

Friend of a friend led us here and I was pleasantly surprised.
We got a table for 5, really nice waitress (who is from the bay area by where i live), a coconut hookah   (which lasted ALLLLL night because they kept refilling the charcoals...which is unheard of at most hookah joints) and the $12 for 16 oz drinks weren't watered down like the Red Rock casino ones I just paid for an hour prior.

I was too full from Chicken and Waffles at hash house, but i will be coming back for midnight snacks.

My favorite part about this place, was the variety of music from hip hop (my FAVORITE), dance, ummm arabic-esque (don't know the right term for that genre)...but once that music came on everybody in the place did the arabic version of the bunny hop...only it wasn't a like watching a bunch of drunks at a wedding make a fool. It was genuinely amazing to watch dancing other than club bumping, grinding and groping.

Oh--and it wasn't a meat market...You can tell it was a lot of locals just relaxing and grooving.

The only reason I'm skipping out on a star is because it was kinda busy, and it took awhile to get our first round of drinks...so long my friend walked up to the bar to order ours. BUT...they were worth it. (Bahama Dream was yummy)

So, for those of you giving crappy reviews....I think they must've read them, because it was a great enough experience to bring my friends and I back....
Great hookah lounge and Great location for a club. You do not need to go to the strip. The bouncers are hella cool and the crowd is quite alright. Everyone gets a table! I have not eaten here so please take my review with a grain of salt, lime and tequila.
I give it 3 stars due to the food was okay but not great.  The hummus was so-so...and the beef was dry.  Though it gets 4 stars for the atmosphere....with a live DJ and great music.  O...and another 4 stars for the females...HOT!!
Been going here on and off for years now and the place is kinda a mixed bag. The hookah and the food have always been pretty consistant and good. The service has seen better days and seems to be high in turnover. Turns into a mini-club on the weekends which can be fun. However, underage wannabe douches can creat havoc some nights. Just go with an open mindset have fun and enjoy your hookah and food.
Service here is terrible unless you know someone. Hookah here is terrible unless you like herbal hookah. Herbal hookah is much harsher and lacks flavor unlike your average tobacco based hookah. The only thing this hookah lounge has going for it is that it serves alcohol which appeals to the 21+ crowd.
Thursday night salsa night is fun. I arrived at 10pm and was surprised to hear no latin music and was greeted by a relatively empty restaurant. But as the next hour passed, I could see the place filling up and by 12 midnight the place was packed.

What the heck?
This place is in a Smith's shopping center? 

It was a great vibe though the DJ music was a hodge podge of everything latin. Yes... even the tubas.

Don't expect a strong drink or an amazing bartender. I think these guys were hired for their looks not their skills. Stick with the beer, shots and simple 2 ingredient drinks. You'll be happier and I'm sure they will too.
went there because they were showing the pay per view boxing match. Helpful friendly staff and the flatbread sandwich i had was delicious. I will go back
This place reminds me of the new Predator movie. Previews are loaded in action sequences and explosions and gun fire and sick ass stuff. Then you watch the movie and 80% of the stuff in the previews never happens or is edited to be rated G...

Almaza is possibly the worse place i've ever been to. They're under new management so no booze while paperwork is being pushed for a liquor license. 

Staff are complete morons or high school drop outs or their parents didnt socialize them properly when they were young so they grew up complete frakking idiots.

My party came early and requested a specific seat and he told us he'd get it cleaned up and it's ours. Then his friends walked in and he told us to hold while he devoted all his attention to them. Remember that seat we were promised? another group had that spot but he didnt know because he learned his customer service skills from a friggin potato...

After getting place to another area we waited a good 15-20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu. after we got the menus it took 20-30 minutes someone to come back and take our order. 

The hookah (midnight rose flavor) was nice and lasted the few hours we were chilling there, completely ignored by the staff, with empty cups, and one mouth piece...seriously there's 5 people at the table sharing a hookah and you only give one mouth piece...Note to who ever manages the staff: PLEASE DO NOT OPEN A TATTOO PARLOR!!

Food:
The pita wrap was the best thing on the table and i wasn't the one that ordered it. 
The lamb chops were...lets put it this way they were cooked earlier in the day then thrown in the fridge. When someone, like us, ordered it they threw it on the grill to get warm. What does this do? IT OVER COOKS THE MEAT. I cant believe i paid 20 bucks for rubber on bone.

the WORSE part about this place is they KNOW their service is garbage and they dont do a gorram thing about it. How do i know this? Where do i draw this conclusion from? THE TWENTY-FIVE PERCENT MANDATORY GRATUITY ON THE RECEIPT.

T.I.P.S. = To Insure Proper Service

Tips are earned for being a good server, paying attention to your tables and going above and beyond in the realm of customer service. As a consumer i have a right to withhold a tip if the service is garbage. This place is GARBAGE
My family lives in Vegas, and after all this time, my sisters finally brought me and introduced me to this place just to smoke some hookah and chill. I don't know about the hookah, but it literally burned my throat. It wasn't as smooth, well it's mainly because the water or whatnot was mixed with vodka, so unless you want a dry throat then I suggest you go in for that mix. Other than that by 12 am, the dance floor was crackinn and anyone who is anyone were down to dance which to me was fun! I would come back here. It was so packed to the point where I almost fell on a table since people were pushing and pulling me around.. Just wished we stayed a little longer :)
I used to live down the block from this place and never stopped by. I mean, it seemed like a nice spot but I just never got to going. But I frequent Vegas regularly and decided to give this place a shot. Much to my demise.

The hookah was mediocre at best (I've been to alot better in Vegas for half the cost). I ordered some food for myself and my date. I can honestly say the food was decent. The server was very accommodating. But looking back, I realize that they were TOO accommodating (you'll see why later). Then things went from good to horrible in a matter of a few minutes.

After my meal, things started to change. The server kept urging my date and I to move from the "dining" section to the hookah section. His concern was maybe that we were taking up valuable space. And for this I understand, but it seems like a rather slow night so I didn't understand the rush. They had a dj playing house music. I didn't mind since I enjoy house music and it a place like this it really seemed appropriate. But in all honesty the sound system was absolutely horrid. I can go into detail about it, being somebody who works in pro audio. But let's just say that had they hired somebody decent to set this up, they'd been alot better off.

But I guess it wasn't their fault because at around 10pm, the pull the dj from booth (literally mind you) and they go to the back (but not completely out of sight) where I'm assuming an argument ensues. I turn around and mind my business smoking sub-par hookah. But since the music was apparently done, so was my date here.

So I ask to close my tab only to find over $300 charged to my account! I'm told by the manager of the place (who is now flustered by the incident with the dj) that this was only an "authorization". I was appalled, a $300 authorization?!?! This is a meal and some drinks, not a hotel room or rental car!!! I write the amount of the official bill (after asking to see an itemized one) on the slip and signed.

Well, guess who had to perform a chargeback request? That's right, me. This "authorization" never got changed at the end of the night and I found myself trying to make the next couple days away from home on the cash I had on hand. 

Overall, this place is trying to be some posh lounge in a desert full of posh lounges. But seriously, how "posh" can you be when you're situated next door to a Cici's Pizza?

One star for the overall suck of this place. Had the food been worse, this place would get a big goose-egg from me. Do yourself a favor, don't go to this wolf in sheep's clothing.
High end hookah experience!

The atmosphere was great an hip. Music bumping from the moment we got there, DJ spinning tunes from the 80's 90's and current charts.

The hookah didnt die out quick cuz the coal wasnt the cheapy kind. The flavors where pretty good too.

The place turned into a pseudo-dance spot as it got later in the night. The belly dancer came through and was pretty talented but i have to say the patrons did a better job at keeping the dance floor cracking!
Best place to have fun, dance, drink and of course smoke fresh tasty Hooka. Great atmosphere, latin nights are trhe best in town, and the music is amazing. The staff is friendly and professional, and food is just delicious with great service. Price is affordable. I recommend Alamaza highly. Thursday nights are Latin nights. Fun!!!!
Booooo... mediocre at best.

For starters, I've probably been here a good 4+ times, but if you're looking for a food review- this isn't it. Mediterranean food is my crack- but I've never gotten around to trying the food here. Even though we were never crazy about the place we would go because (at the time) it was the only nearby lounge.

This place is popular with folks of a variety of ages but particularly the 18-21 crowd on weekend nights for the hookah and "loungey" atmosphere. I have rarely paid to come here and I wouldn't. Typically, Ive always gone with a group of friends when the invite was extended or to catch up with someone.

My last experience can pretty much sum up ever every experience I've had. A decent sized group of us (5/6) went in just for a hookah session. Place was pretty much empty (I've never really gone during the "peak" time with a dj), but there's middle eastern club music going- streaming through two tvs- interesting music videos and all. We're seated and tended to immediately. The one thing this place has going for it in my experience is that it DOES have a nice atmosphere and the service is alright (sometimes good sometimes bad). All but one of us are smoking, and everyone who smokes needs to order a drink (it's like a protocol)- so, 4 sodas (there's a point for this itinerary later). After a flavor consensus and suggestion from the waitress we order A (1) hookah. After we finally got the thing going (hookah wasn't pulling well) there is hardly any flavor and within 5-10 minutes of us smoking (and it's not like we're hitting the thing hard, we spent most of the time talking)- the smoke is incredibly harsh and even my hardened-cigarette smoking Marine buddy is coughing up a storm. So, we tell the waitress. Charcoal homie who never talks comes with the charcoal bucket and takes almost all the charcoal off. In 5 minutes it goes dead. We tell the waitress, she doesn't really do anything. (Again, place is empty, there is only one other-smaller- group). The hookah always, again, is mediocre at best, idk if it's a combination of a sh*t pipe and low quality shisha or what.
Bill comes- after military discount- $37- for 4 cokes, and a P.o.S under 15 min hookah session...and THAT is why I only go if someone else is covering it.

Pros: atmosphere, okay service
Cons: bad value,  crappy hookah
I'm sad to see so many people giving bad reviews. I have to say, I used to go to Almaza regularly, and I still go time to time. Their food is absolutely amazing. AMAZING. The service is ALWAYS perfect!!! In my experience, I am just filled with gratitude every time for the attentive and quality service I receive from....the servers. Okay... not always from the bar. I'm a server and a bartender. These servers are amazing. I love them. (yes, I have had bad service from the bartenders before... but they are usually slammed.) The hookah might be better somewhere else, but they are always on top of changing coals and not stingy with it. Service rocks!!!!!!!! FOOD.... oh... I really recommend this place.

AND, although the crowd is now often a young, annoying crowd, I love them for really starting the international nights. Such a diverse crowd. I always have fun when I stay to dance, any night.
I did not experience the poor service here others have talked about...but then, the place was totally deserted when I came in at 6pm on a Saturday.

I did not smoke hookah (that shit is TERRIBLE for you), but I had dinner. My friend and I shared a salad and the mezze platter, which was huge and DELICIOUS! The food was really truly excellent, from start to finish.

The reason I'm only giving 4 instead of 5 stars is, it was a little on the expensive side. $42 for mezze for 2...eh, idk, I think Paymon's is a better value. And the atmo at Paymon's is better.

But if you find yourself craving Mediterranean food, and you're not near a Paymon's.... this place will do just fine!
Went to check it out. No staff to be found. Some lebanese men sitting outside, but restaurant mostly empty except for table in back. Looked dirty and like it barely opened. Too bad. I like lebanese food.

With all the good Hookah lounges/cafes, it's better to avoid this place. It's a shame, because if it was any good, it'd probably do well. Don't waste your time.
I've been here a couple of times and had a great time! I'm not a fan of many hookah lounges in Las Vegas except for this one. 

Enjoyed a lovely dinner with our group. Ordered hookah and it was great, service was awesome! Our waiter was very attentive and treated us great. We stayed for some music and dancing and I was very pleased with the DJ. Played all sorts of songs hip hop, dance, Persian, Arabic etc. LOVED IT! Although I had a great time the only problem I have is that towards the end of the night the DJ kept replaying tracks.. Got old! 

But other then that, we had a great time and will definitely be coming back!
Walked in, and we were the only patrons. I ordered the mjadara, which is a dish of lentils and rice, they brought us sausages. When we pointed this out, the waitress insisted that our sausages were lentils and rice. Uhhh.
These guys really need a few pointers from experienced waitresses and hospitality staff.

For one thing, there appears to be only 2 waitresses to serve a restaurant/hookah lounge that regularly contains more than 70 or 80 people. That means you'll get your service in 30 or 45 minutes, which is unacceptable. On top of that, it'll take about 20 minutes for her to bring you a beer. It'll take a HOUR for you to get a BEER. Just one beer! 

It's a shame, because the people that come inside are pretty hot. Like, smoking HOT hispanic girls... EVERYWHERE. And we are not talking about cougar-aged hispanic women of Blue Martini, these girls here are young. 

Foods okay. Hookah is pretty shitty because the coals put themselves out. The flavor of the tobacco itself is almost nonexistent, which adds to the frustration of the regulars that come inside here. I have met many people, in 3 days of coming here, that share the same complaints. 

And why are there so many cops hanging in their cars outside? Every hour I see two cop cars lurking in the parking lot waiting to pull one of the folks that are leaving over.  It makes me feel uneasy. 


And there are a bunch of holes in the men's room. Like holes that have been kicked in everywhere.
Very shady place. Bad service and drinks were in a dirty glass. There were guys with guns that seemed to work here. It is a really weird place and I didn't feel safe. The food was god awful too.
I would give it a zero if I could brings a very unsightly crowd to a good area.
Formerly the Caspian Grill. Very tasty, well seasoned traditional Persian stews and kebabs. This is one of the only places I know of in town that serves Persian ice cream and faloodeh, which I find myself craving on a weekly basis- I definitely recommend trying both here. My only two complaints regarding this spot are a) they do not properly de-bone their fish, and b) on one occasion I was served undercooked chicken fesenjan. Aside from that, this is a very small, very unpretentious place to have a casual dinner or lunch. The service is above average, the decor is dated by about 15 years, and you and your dining companions are usually the only patrons in the place. They also have a Mediterranean market next door which used to be considered part of the restaurant. The market sells the usual old generic standards you'd expect (medjool dates, boxes of falafel mix, canned tahini, etc.), in addition to some interesting produce, like mini champagne grapes and Persian melons, as well as some worthwhile imported cheeses in the brine. Overall, a cool place for a relaxed meal.
I was in the mood for Mediterranean food, and last time I was at Kabob Palace they took sooo long to get us our food, so we decided to check out Lily's.  Upon entering, we stood there for about 5-10 mins. before anybody even noticed that we were there.  There was a big table w/ about 20 people, so I guess the waitress was busy.

After we were seated, it took a painfully long time to order and even get our water.  I was getting so impatient that I wanted to leave.  We actually walked down strip mall to grab a menu and check out  Amena Bakery, and FINALLY when we got back the waitress was giving us our drinks.

I think they realized that we were getting impatient so they started bringing out our appetizers and were quick with our order.  Once the food came it was very good.  You couldn't have asked for better grape leaves, hummus or baba ganuche.  The falafel was a little dry, but they gave us a free order of tabbouleh, so that made it a little better.  I was pretty stuffed after the appetizers, but my companions were raving about the food.

I would have given Lily's four stars, but the wait really put a sour taste in my mouth.  It just goes to show that you never have a second chance to make a first impression.
When we arrived on a Saturday night at about 8:30. The place was empty. Not a good sign. As we were seated, the host said, I have a party coming later, you might want to sit far away - and we did. 

However, the food was uneventful. And nothing like I've had in Persian Resturants in the Middle East. The service was average. However, the group - of about eight men - totall destroyed the evening. They had a keyboard player/singer. As soon as they started up -- well, my ears are still ringing this morning! 

Will I go back. No. Service/Average. Food/Average. Pricing/Normal for off strip. Ambiance - Nothing to write home about.
I am sad to report this place CLOSED its doors a long time ago. I used to like the lunch buffet.
This place is an old favorite of mine.  Maybe I haven't been to enough hookah joint, but I appreciate the smoke, food and dancing. 
I think Mr. K is tripping saying that he can't tolerate 19 year olds or Ja Rule. Ja isn't my favorite either, but come on Bee, are you that old and crotchety that you can't stand a bit of loud music? If that's the case why don't you get the 30-somethings at work to chip in and rent a conference room at the holiday inn and rent a hookah for the day. 

Alternatively, if you are really tripping about Ja Rule that much you should quit whatever job you have and go and work for Interscope, (Tony Yayo is gettin gold). I mean, really! Plus a Duran Duran reference, really?!
I'll have to go with Mr. K on this one, a definite pass.  There are three other hookah lounges all within a half mile of Oasis and they are all worlds better than this one.  Go to Urban Cafe or even King Tuts, just anywhere but here. 

The food is mediocre, nothing stood out one way or the other.  The music was a little annoying, but I'm not really into pop music or hip-hop, but I suppose people who are would enjoy it.  However, the service is absolutely terrible.  I've been there twice and on both occasions the (extremely late) delivery of food saved me from walking out the door.  Their hookahs are not good, and you practically have to tackle an employee if you want more coals.

Save yourself the frustration and go to Urban Cafe or King Tuts.  Urban is a bit more for the mediterranean loving, less-frills crowd.  Tuts if you still like your hip-hop and being surrounded by ASU students.
Great Persian Food at a reasonable price.  The atmosphere is vintage Persian the staff is friendly and courteous.
Good Persian food with a courteous staff. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
It is always a treat to eat here. The tastes are delicious and exotic and the staff is helpful. 

A great balance between affordable and romantic. 

Amazing Persian rugs on the walls as well!

You must try the filet mignon (Barg) with the raisin and date rice (adas polo). One of the most delicious meals I've ever had!
Actually we ended up here because it used to be a sushi place that my friend was fond of but hadn't been to in a while.  Lo and behold, it closed and turned into Pars...we were hungry and too lazy to drive somewhere else, so we ended up eating here.

The decor has a Persian flair, but you can still see elements of it being a Japanese place (the sushi bar is still there)

They give you a weird amuse bouche of pita bread and raw onions...weird, but I'm a fan of both and together it was oddly good.  We were ready to order an entree each. but the waiter (I think the owner) suggested we get one of their combo platters and split it (we were 3 people).  We got the shish kabob platter ($29) which came with lamb, chicken and koobideh, rice and salad.  PLENTY of food for all 3 of us, including some to take home.  The meat was all expertly spiced and cooked, and the rice was out of this world.  The waiter (again, I think owner) was very attentive to us and the other diners.

All in all, a very enjoyable meal...great food and great service.  The waiter (once again, the owner)  suggested we spend a lot less there at his own expense...you don't see that often.  

Oh yeah, they have a full bar...

easily 5 stars
Excellent, intimate mom and pop restaurant with friendly staff.
The lamb shish kebab, ghormeh sabzi and especially the fessenjan were all terriffic.  As was the barberry rice and the rice with limas and dill.  OK beer and wine menu to accompany the great food.  I'm glad this is in my neighborhood.
Yeah!  

On my first trip, I had the Lamb shank and it was absolutely great - the best lamb shank ever.  Girlfriend had the chicken kabob, it was good too.  On my second trip, I had the cornish game hen (grilled) - absolutely fabulous - moist, juicy, tasty.  Place has a nice, cozy feel to it and prices seem reasonable. I'll be back!
Delicious food, great service, loved it! It was served family style so our group of 7 got to sample all kinds of yummy goodness. I brought home a menu so I could accurately describe what we enjoyed.

As we were seated, I was fascinated by the art hanging above our table. It had so much texture and color, but I couldn't tell what it was. The restaurant owner, Masoud, explained that it is a Persian rug that took 4 years to make. There were several others around the restaurant that were equally beautiful. Dinner at an art gallery? I love it.

Now on to the food. Next time we go, we're ordering:
* Maust' Khiar and Maust' Moosier($5.50, $6) yogurt dips w/grilled pita. So creamy and flavorful. I would be content with that as a meal.
*Chef's Special - it's $30 and could easily serve 3. It is the combination plate with Barq (filet mignon), juicy chicken filet, and the koobideh (kinda like meatballs), basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.
*Dessert! I don't usually like baklava, but this has changed me. It wasn't too sweet or goopy. Lots of flavor. The other "must repeat" is their ice cream. It's yellow in color, but pistachio, honey and saffron in flavor. Mmm mmm, good.
Great Persian food and ambiance  I would give them 4.5 stars if I could but between 4 and 5 I have to go 5.  Where to start:

Excellent tah deeg (the crispy rice that is made at bottom of the pot when you make Persian white rice).  We covered our tah deeg with an herb stew called Khoresh Gormeh Sabzee (Khoresh is a stew kind of alike in concept to an Indian curry, except with totally different spices, while Sabzee means herbs/greens, so it's essentially an herb/green stew with kidney beans and tender beef).  Gormeh Sabzee is probably the most popular khoresh in Iran.  What a delicious starter.

We couldn't decide between the ground beef kabob (an Iranian staple analogous to a cheeseburger in the U.S.), the chicken (called joojeh) kabob, or the lamb shank, so we got all three.  Waaaaaaayyyyy too much food but it was good.  Kabobs vary greatly in Persian cuisine, with everyone having a different take.  This was a plump, lean, and juicy kabob with a mild flavor...I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 which is good.  The joojeh (chicken) kabob needed to be marinated longer in lemon and onion but was cooked very well.  The lamb shank was very good and almost great.  Altogether very good Persian and I would recommend it to anyone, particularly if you've never tried Persian food before and want your first time to be memorable.  The prices were very reasonable ($10-$20 per entree) and we gourged for 2 for $50 including a martini...
My first experience with Persian cuisine was Pars a few years back. Since then, I have been hooked, though Pars has been the best of the bunch. The food here is excellent, and the menu is very large. The staff is very friendly and always attentive.

Here is a sample dinner that I would recommend for 2 people.
-Start with hummus, it comes with fresh warm pita, and is delicious
-Order the chefs combination platter. It comes with filet, koobideh kebab (ground beef with onion and spices), and chicken filet. When ordered for 2, it comes with 2 large plates of rice and 2 grilled tomatoes
-The persian ice cream is worth it alone to come here. It is huge and more than enough to share. Writing this review makes it hard for me not to think about wanting some right now...

If you have never had Persian before, the staff is very friendly and patient, and will help you find something for your pallet.
Wonderful Persian cuisine... When the quality of Persian Room went down I had a hard time finding a good replacement to get my middle eastern fix... I went to Pars and realized that the chef from Persian room had left to start his own business PARS! Great place...
This was our first Persian food experience...
I have to say the food was amazing! Great hummus, the pita was done perfectly!! Nice and warm. We had the Cornish hen filet mignon special with rice and a Greek salad,,,, lots of food,,, I mean lots of food enough to feed 6, and it was yummy!!

The server Shawn was extra cool. He was stuck there all by him self and he did a great job multitasking,,, he was very polite and we would go back there just because of his excellent service!!! Thanks Shawn !!! 

The only thing we would change is the decor, it looks like it used to be a sushi place,,, not very Persiany feeling.. That's the reason we gave it 4 stars..
We had never had persian food before, just other Mediterranean and some Middle Eastern food, which it seemed like this was a mix of those regional foods? Based on the yelp recommendations, we made sure to share our dish since it sounded like you get quite a bit of food. 

We got the chicken olivea salad, which is like a chicken/tuna/potato salad, really tasty with our pita bread. It had chicken, green beans, potatoes and lots of mayo, along with tomatoes and pickles on the side. We had leftovers, so I'm making a sandwich out of it! We also shared the sultani combo which had filet mignon and ground beef kebabs. They were both really tasty, and we especially liked the filet mignon. The combo came with batsmati rice and a tomato/cucumber/onion salsa type salad that came on the side. We had the persian ice cream for dessert since we read so much good stuff about it. It was really tasty considering it's a fancy vanilla ice cream. The rose water and pistachios added a nice touch of flavor that was yummy

There was one guy working, who was basically the host, waiter, and busboy, and he did an excellent job! Definitely will come back!
Fantastic! Everything is made fresh that day. Great service. Staff was very friendly and the food was amazing... reasonably prices too! Best Persian food around. Hands down!!

Great for large groups and kids.
I was craving hummus and my friend almost ripped my head off when I suggested Pita Jungle ...so there we were ..at Pars on a weekday night. We were both Pars virgins but the reviews had been good so we tried.

He ordered the Chef's special --ground beef, chicken filet, and filet mignon on skewers. It was served with basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.  This dish was $30, we shouldn't have been so greedy and ordered a second dish.  My dish was the Beef Shish which also came with basmati rice.  We also ordered the hummus I was so craving for.

Let me start by telling you the Chefs Special could serve a party of 3!!! My god, when the plate came out, I already started my food coma just looking at it.  The 3 meat combo was ...ORGASMIC! The rice was soft and cooked just right. My beef shish was so so, I wish I had just eaten off my friend's plate. :)  The hummus was VERY GOOD...we asked for extra pita bread just to wipe the plate clean.

Now on to the atmosphere. There is a little patio for outside seating if you're interested. The inside has a bar and...well, when I first walked in, I almost choked. The smell was ....overwhelming. In a bad way.  This is a horrible way to describe the smell and I'm sorry....but I thought I was walking in to a rest stop restroom.  /)_(\ SORRY!! My friend tells me that's how Persian food is supposed to smell like!!  But man...it took a good 30 minutes before my nose was accustomed to the smell.

Aside from the smell, cus I know it's just me.......I gave this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of the food, the fast and friendly service as well as price.  I WILL come back....and breathe through my mouth only for the 1st 30 minutes next time.   Just because they're worth it.  hehe.
Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
I have eaten Persian quite a bit when we lived in Atlanta.  My husband and I went for lunch today.  His $12 gyros were very dry although the meat itself was nicely spiced.  The basmati rice was nicely cooked.

I had shirazi salad and it was quite salty.  I've never had overtly salty Shirazi salad before.  i did not taste or see any mint in their salad, which i thought was a usual ingredient.  i have now compared the shirazi salad at Pars, Persian Room, and Tasty Kabob.  Tasty Kabob's shirazi is the most tasty, makes my mouth want to dance.

I also had the Khask-o-bademjam at Pars.  It was salty and otherwise bland

Pars' bread is not the usual large disc shaped (12 inch diameter) type homemade bread I have become accustomed to at other Persian restaurants such as Persian Room after 6pm.  Pars' bread is more like pita bread but it is tasty.

If I go back to Pars, we will try the kebobs. they look good on the menu anyway.

Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
If you appreciate middle-eastern food an/or persian food, you will "love" Pars.  

The owner is always in the back cooking up an amazing and consistently great tasting meal.

By far, they have the best hummus in town.  Pars puts Pita Jungle's hummus to shame.

All of their meat skewers are great but the mahi mahi is out of this world.  He also cooks amazing Zeresch Polo (rice with barberries) and everything is so flavorable.  

Although it's hidden in NE Scottsdale, it's well worth the drive and wait!
Did they get my grandmothers recipes!? The food here is really good, authentic and large servings. I went with a friend; next time we will split an entree next time. The hummus was fresh, the souvlaki was marinated and cook medium rare as requested and the salad had just enough feta. We did share a creme caramel and it was fab.
My wife and I had lunch at Pars. Ate on the patio which is very nice and private. We shared the Hummas for a starter which was very good. The pita served was delicious. This was followed by a very large entre. I had the salmon with a salad and rice and my wife had a chicken meal. They both were delicious and far more than we needed to fill us up.

The server was excellent. We eat slowly and we were not rushed at all. We found this jem on Yelp and we will certainly be returning.
I was in the other night with my mother for dinner.  We both enjoyed the experience very much.

To start we had the Maust Khiar yogurt appetizer.  Flavored with mint and diced cucumber it was light and refreshing. Perfect for dipping with the warm pita bread.

We both ordered stews for our main course.  I had the Gheimeh Bademjan which was basically a beef stew.  Served with a side plate of rice it was delicious.

My mom ordered the Fessenjan.  It was a chicken stew flavored with walnuts and pomegranate.  It was a very different flavor than I have ever had and quite good too.

I'd like to come back here soon and try their other interesting menu items.
Best place in Arizona for Persian. I would know since I eat Persian food often as it is a part of my background. It is so delicious. I always share the chef's special which offers a mixture of dishes and is more than enough to share.
Phenomenal food without the unreal price. I used to go with a Persian co-worker, so he did all the ordering and also could critique the food from a position of proper knowledge. 

The ghormeh sabzi (a delightfully light stew that you will desire in the future after your first bite) is incredible and said coworker claimed it is the best he's had. The chefs special is 3 meats (chicken, steak and beef) platter that is great too, just be warned it is too much food for less than 3 people. Their sides of rice are served on a platter that could hold most Thanksgiving turkeys, and again it is great.

If there is one thing to note, be prepared for a dinner over 1 hour due to some of the dish preparation time.
This is a very good place.  The tadig, ghormeh sabzi, rice, koobideh, and everything else were great.  Been going to the persian room for years ,once in a while.  This place is much smaller and the food is much better.  Will be back for sure.
The food was delicious! The Sultani plate (filet & ground beef kabab combo)was cooked nicely. And the Persian Ice Cream for dessert finished our meal off perfectly. Our server, Sean, was absolutely fantastic. He was friendly and helpful with choosing our dinner. My husband and I have found our new regular place. He can't stop talking about how good dinner was.
I love this restaurant. I had lunch at Pars today with a business associate who had never tried Persian food. We ordered the tadig (crispy golden rice from the bottom of the pot) with gormeh sabzi (parsley, beef, red bean stew) and gehmi (yellow split pea stew) and it was excellent, as always. The tadig is a favorite of my family so I always order it when I take friends.

For lunch, I had Zeresk polo (barberry rice and chicken) and it was amazing, the sauce on the chicken was very good and the rice was the best! My friend had basmati rice and white meat chicken kabob - a very good choice for someone new to Persian cuisine.

The service is excellent, and the food is consistently outstanding. By far, Pars is the best Persian Restaurant in the valley.
Best koubideh, chicken and filet combo I have ever had.  Can't stop eating when I'm here.  Hummus is outstanding, too.
I had never tried Persian cuisine before, but generally love Mediterranean and Middle Eastern flavors, so I was intrigued by the new possibilities. My partner and I had pretty high expectations of Pars after reading so many positive reviews, but our meal was even better than we anticipated. 

The Pars Appetizer Platter sampler was varied, abundant, and outstanding, particularly the Shirazi salad (reminiscent
of a Persian pico de gallo) and the Olivieh salad, which combined chicken, potatoes, and mayonnaise in a deliciously unusual dish. The entree ground beef Koobideh kababs were succulent and well-seasoned, and the Basmati rice and Zereshk Polo rice side dishes were amazing. Despite having to take most of our enormous portions away with us, we still found room for dessert and really enjoyed sharing the Persian ice cream - rich vanilla enhanced with saffron, rose water, and pistachio. What a delicious meal!

Our server, Laura, was attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly, and the interior decor was attractive, although we elected to sit outside. All in all, we were delighted with our experience at Pars and will return there the next time we're in town!
Best Persian on the West Coast!
Gosh, I would love to give Pars Persian five stars, but it just doesn't quite make it.  Maybe 4.4 stars.   There were a few rough edges.  For example, the night we went the one mainstream fish item was not available.  The servers are friendly but pretty much what you would expect in a strip-mall restaurant, but the interior is 3/4 of the way to posh.  You can't worry about things like that when you come here.

As to the food -- I thought everything was very good to exceptional, but my wife found some of the stews only adequate.  This is more Persian than most Americans are used to in a Persian restaurant, and that is both its strength and its weakness.  My advice -- be adventurous, and if you don't really care for something, try something else next time.  And I think there will be a next time; in fact, for me, if the prices were just a few dollars cheaper (and they are not unreasonable at all), there would be many next times.  I could eat at Pars Persian every week and not tire of the food.
Solid persian food.  Have the beef platter - it comes with some kind of ground beef and sirloin on skewers.  Served on a bed of saffron rice.  Its all very delicious, and even better the next day.  $20/plate, but you can share between 2 people and be full.  Love the complimentary pita bread!
Really good Persian food - lots of good things on the menu, but my favorite is the cornish game hen which is always tender and tasty!  The grilled fish is awesome too (Mahi Mahi, I believe). 

I think the prices are reasonable overall, but my beer was at least $6 and I think that is unreasonable.  On principle, since I saw that on my last bill, I've been kinda boycotting the place though I'm sure I'll be back ...
Food is fantastic! We love the Barg filet! Portions are massive and you never leave hungry. Carry out is great after a long day. I also commend the shirin polo rice in place of regular rice.
Pretty good meal. It was our first time eating Persian. We ordered the Pars Shish-Kebabs (Lamb shish-kebab, koobideh & chicken shish kebab served with Basmati rice). It was more than what the two of us could eat. The portions were great. The meat was tender, but didn't quite pack the flavor punch we were expecting.  Service was also pretty good.

 I have to admit that I was a little distracted by the football game on the TV at the bar. I felt it took away from the atmosphere. Overall, it was a good experience. I would give it a 3.5 it I could.
First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.

The only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.

Now, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said "too bad you can't have this."

Getting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.

The koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone. 

I then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.

If you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room.
Pleasantly surprised to find solid Persian food in Scottsdale -- not what we expected. I got the Pars special (steak, kebab, and cornish game hen). I did not realize how much food they give in these combos. Beyond the proportions, the flavor of the meat was good (well seasoned and reminded me of the great Persian restaurant, Persepolis, that we used to frequent in Manhattan). Anyhow, if you like Persian or middle eastern food, in general, this place will definitely do the trick.
Went in to get a to-go order. Place was as dead as it can get for a Sunday night in Scottsdale. 

I walked in to see two employees, I'm assuming the owner and the server, deep in conversation, not even caring to welcome me into their establishment. I mean, HELLO, I'M A PAYING CUSTOMER!!??? CAN YOU SEE ME???!! The owner then walks back into the backroom, the server walks over to the register and prints out my bill and hands it over to me, and saying, it'll be about 6 more minutes... still... NO GREETING!!! How does she even know what I'm there for!!???

When a client comes walking into my office, I stop my conversation with my co-worker and greet my client. I guess customer service isn't all too par at this restaurant. 

Food on the other hand, is good, but not worth the $17.00 for the chicken shish kebab. $17.00!!?? really?? Is this chicken marinated in gold??? DANG! 

 I'd rather go to The Persian room then ever come back to Pars. Lets class up the customer service experience! You're in a service industry! Smile! Greet! WELCOME PEOPLE!!
I'm going to keep the 4 star rating because so much of their stuff is so good, but I just had their 'filet mignon' skewer and ... if that's filet mingon then I'm the Prince of Persia! Filet Mignon is unbelievably tender and generally cubed (in this context). What I was served was thinly sliced, and quite tough. Not terribly tough, but certainly not melt-in-the-mouth that you would expect from filet mignon. If you want to call it 'tender beef' or something, go for it but please, not f.m.!  Beer prices were $1 off so that's a good sign! 

They also have beautiful artwork on the walls - very unusual stuff brought over from Iran.
We went here last night with a group of 8 friends. I had gotten take out from here once before but never dined in. The service was great, fresh pitas were brought out immediately with onions/butter. The waiter did a good job answering any questions for those of us who hadn't had persian food before. We ordered the ground beef with saffron rice with berries and a side of yogurt. This was enough for two people. The beef was excellent, moist and flavorful. The yogurt dip with cucumber and garlic was great for dipping the meat and rice. Next time I'll have to save room for dessert!
This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I were supposed to be on a juice fast, but we walked by this place and caved. Their chicken and lamb Shish kebabs are insanely good! It's a bit pricey, but the portions are huge, plus you get unlimited pita bread!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The food is wonderful! It is truly done right.  If you have never had Persian food don't be put off, you should definitely try Pars.
In a pinch while on my way to see Taliesin West I dropped in dressed for motorcycling and was greeted warmly by the host. I noted my hurry and was kindly recommended the Lamb Barg-Kebab ($20) for a popular entree that comes out quickly and went for it.

In under 15 minutes I had a to-go bag in my hand. When I got to my destination (after riding ~3 miles with the bag flopping in the wind!) I was very pleased with the quality. I will have to come back another time when I can sit down and enjoy a(n expensive) meal with a date.. The atmosphere and staff seemed pleasant, and I can vouch for the lamb kebab!
The food tasted A-Ok but I'm not in a rush to go back. I ordered the Lamb Shank  ($21) along with the Basmati Rice and the Shirazi Salad ($5.50). 

I thought the lamb was decent, but it didn't make my top ten list. Pars gives you so much rice, that you can have a party of about 50 people at your house and it would be enough for 50 people. Why too much rice, more lamb please. I guess I'm not a fan of Basmati Rice. I also had the Shirazi Salad, which I thought was very tasty and the best part of my Pars experience. In fact, I make this salad at home all the time now. The salad has diced tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and is sprinkled with lemon juice and olive oil. 

The total tab, which included tip for 4 people was $140.
Friends took us for dinner. They had nice outdoor seating which we enjoyed.  The service was friendly, but forgetful, had to be reminded of several things.  

Food was overall quite good. Kabob meats were moist and tasty. They had many flavored rice sides, forms of biryani, that were interesting and fun. Try different ones and share them around. The lamb shank was spectacular.  The baklava was meh.
This place is really amazing. Omg!!  I'm so happy we found Pars. Everything we eat we amazing!  5-star for sure. 

The Boyles
A small restaurant tucked inside a plaza area well worth a visit. At first glance the outside may seem somewhat unappealing. The inside is not much better, however, the food should more than make up what the place lacks in decor.

The staff is very friendly, and service is pretty fast. Having tried plenty of authentic Persian food before I can say this place is up there.

If you're in the area, and in the mood for something different this may be a great choice to end your evening.
Pars Persian Cuisine is a definite must place to try! The staff is friendly and helpful, especially if you are not familiar with the choices. Try the side dishes of Lubia Polo or Adas Polo (I always substitute one of these even though the regular rice is great too). The portions are more than generous; I usually have a take home box so I have lunch the next day as well. Try the Sultani, the kabobs, the chefs platter, all of it. My son and I make it a point to go every time we are in town. He is a vegetarian and loves the choices available. Try this restaurant! You'll be glad you did.
What a gift to have around the corner!

I agree with one of the previous reviewers....from the outside it doesnt look like anything special.  But the inside is wonderfully appointed with tasteful furnishing and artwork.  Tranquil and peaceful.  The bar too is unassuming yet refined and classy.

The waitstaff is all wonderful.  You'll feel like you've been transported to another state of mind where customer service is once again important.  The guys are great!  Such professional courtesy.  

The menu is great.  They have pictures for people so that they know what they are ordering, yet the staff is eager to offer suggestions.  Everything is a speciality.  They have 7 or 8 different types of specialty rices.  The lamb shank is incredible as are all the kabobs and the kebodah!  

No matter what you order, they bring out the softest, fresh hot pita with butter and raw onions.  May sound like a strange combo, but you won't feel that way after trying it.  

And no matter how awesome your meal is (and I promise you will be shocked at how great it tastes) I challenge you to find a way to finish it all.  The portions are wonderfully huge and your mouth will be watering the next day waiting for lunch to arrive so you can finish it.  

Best of all...despite the fact that this feels like a "Saturday night special place", its affordable enough to enjoy any night of the week almost.  Especially because most of you will get two meals out of it!!!

I have learned to love The Persian Room also.  But PARS is so much classier...so much more romantic...so much more "approachable" for those of us not from the middle east.  And the food is better here too.  

Gotta check this place out!!!!
Absolutely adore this spot. Love persian food. My culture is amazing, and its highly demonstrated here. The cook left Persian Room and opened up his own little spot. It's a great hole in the spot restaurant. Good for dates, and family events. Love the owners. GREAT service, great food.
I loved the Salmon Kebab with Sabji Pulo. Yumm...

The Pulo or rice was the best I have ever eaten. And we eat rice almost daily. 

We also had the chicken and the lamb kebabs. I just had a little taste of them but they were not out of this world or anything. 

The owners confirmed that they have recently gone Kosher. No halal meats here although the menu still says it is halal.

Place is kinda small. Good to call in a reservation on weekends.
We enjoyed a very late lunch here on Tuesday 2/19/13.  We arrived around 2PM, well after the usual lunch time.  I'm always a bit trepidatious about eating later than the usual meal times as the food quality sometimes suffers.  

Darius, the waiter was extremely pleasant and informative about the dishes.  We ordered off the lunch menu which includes a green salad with onion, tomato and cucumber and rice with the dish.  I had the Chicken Filet-Kebab with basmati rice.  I have to commend the chef on this dish.  It was well seasoned and they accomplished the trick of grilling the chicken and it was still tender and juicy!  Well done!!

My husband had the Salmon with Sabzi Polo.  The salmon was tastefully marinated in their own special sauce and was served with their Sabzi Polo rice.  The rice is basmati mixed with with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro.  Wonderful, wonderful rice!!  We both loved it.

They have an attractive patio so you can enjoy outdoor seating.    The decor indoors is tasteful.. not particularly exciting but acceptable.

We were very pleased with the food and service and look forward to dining at Pars again!
This place is awesome. The food is delicious, the service is outstanding, and the prices are very reasonable. I wish we lived closer to it, but as it is we make an effort to come here when we are in town every year for Spring Training. The stews in particular have a unique depth of flavor. I highly recommend that everyone check this place out and see for themselves what a great spot it is!
Fabulous kubideh...and I've tried it all over the US. For lunch food was very reasonably priced and, as already pointed out, with very large portions. Went back  to try the chicken kebabs, but then had the kubideh again!! Wait staff was super nice...try it, you'll like it!!
What a horrible place!  I order a stew...little did I know it was going to be one of the most salty, tasteless meals I've ever eaten.  There was suppose to be Cilantro in the stew...there wasn't.  I ask for some and the waiter brings my parsley! He tells me they don't have cilantro, yet the menu clearly said there was cilantro. The owner sometime later came by to ask me about the meal, I told how bad it was...he said thanks and turned around.  My sister ordered a beef Kabob...menu price was $17.  The waiter asked if she wanted this or that. We get the bill, and her meal costs $25!!!  She thought the meal tasted good, but said she'd never go back again. We got the bill for $60!!!  With all their nickel and dime items.  I would never suggest this place to a soul...and the restaurant is empty...and there is a reason!
always good, great staff delicious fresh food  in a slightly romantic setting with a full bar. I have never had one complaint. We have eaten here at least 25 times. The food is healthy, seasoned perfectly and huge portions.  The service and the kitchen are well coordinated. Great job.
Quality, Service, Class. This is properly fine dining.

They serve authentic skewers of heaven, and even the rice is good here (a lot of middle eastern restaurants overlook their rice, this was a most pleasant surprise). Service exceptional, and if you like wine the drinks are very well-priced. The beef sultani plates are exceptional, but if you are looking for somethingh different the chicken sultani is a very pleasant surprise.

A perfect date place if you want to impress.
Been here on 3/22/14, the service was nice and there were good veg options too.. (As am vegie) liked the complimentary bread & onion. 

And there soup & oyster entree was awesome.. But keep in mind it bit pricey for what you get !!
I'm 100% persian and was born and raised in LA. I've tasted some of the best home made and restaurant persian food in my time and Pars is nothing short of the best. Quality is always spot on and the meals are authentic. This is the only Persian restaurant that I'll dine at in Arizona.
Food adventure stop #23? - Persian food!

Was invited by a girl friend to try this place as my first Persian food experience, recommended by her as she has been a fan of this place, and just by one visit, i became a fan!

We enjoyed a shared plate of grilled lamb, chicken and veggie kabobs, complimented with two different kinds of rice, one with dates and beans, the other was with saffron if i remembered it correctly. The kabob was tasty with the unique Persian seasoning I suppose, though not overly salted or spiced, the flavor was more on the mild side, which was good for us :) We both liked the rice with dates in it, the little sweetness really balanced well with the food. 

I look forward going back for some more of its menu!
I really like Pars but I have been there a few times now. Their gheimeh, gheimeh bademjan and lamb shank are nothing short of delicious and I love their bread. The restaurant is a bit on the pricier side but the portions are large and enough for a dinner the following day too. The waiter was great and very genuine and friendly. We will certainly make Pars a regular stop in the future.
I can only comment on the lunch portion given take out, but the portions are pretty big and tasty.  My usual is the gyros plate, came with pita, basmati rice, side salad, and a whole roasted tomato. The meat are just four giant strips of meat diagonal on the to go box, and they had the right amount of salt as well as crispiness from the rotisserie process.

I had the appetizer combo plate once dining in, but the tray is huge! Would not recommend tackling with a party under four people.

For a $10 meal, the gyros plate was very good. I'm pretty sure you get more pita when you eat in, so make sure you do if you want to try out this awesome Persian cuisine!
Lets first start with the ambiance. The furniture and decor was outdated. It was dark, gloomy, and far from elegant being the prices were more then your average restaurant. It needs a lot of gordon ramsays help to fix this restaurant. The service was average, if that. We started with the shirazi salad which contained diced cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, a little bit of EVOO, and a tremendous amount of lemon juice. It was very difficult to enjoy with the sour/tart aftertaste. Since this was our first time, we decided to order the chefs special platter. It contained chicken breast kebob, ground beef Kebob, and lamb Kebob. On top of that we also ordered the shish Kebob platter. This platter contained "filet mignon" Kebob (biggest lie, filet mignon isn't a thin strip of meat which is tough, unless they don't know how to cook it), another chicken breast Kebob and lamb Kebob. We ordered these platters for some variety, but the funny thing is, there was no variety. All of the meats were marinated in the same spices/sauce that in result, didn't allow us to differentiate between all of the different meats. I am a foody and I cook traditional shish Kebob at home, being that I am from the Middle East. This restaurant does not deserve to sell and advertise their horribly tasting Kebobs. Having said that, their basmati rice was my favorite dish. That is why I'm generous enough to give them two stars. In conclusion, 6 skewers of the same exact tasting meats, a huge portion of basmati rice, small bowl of salad, and two hot teas costed roughly 120 dollars with tip. Don't waste your time and gas. You would have a better service at McDonald's.
Just went here, please do not judge Persian food in this restaurant, the tadig was old and very hard to chew, he replaced our tadig with another same old hard to chew tadig. He over charges, make sure you read the entire menu for suprise charges. The owner seems to have no knowledge of restaurant etiquette. We order chicken soltani and they brought beef and said there is no chicken koobedeh. The beef koobideh has an odd taste... The restaurant was dead I should have known. I do not recommend this place, as a Persian I am embarrassed it is called Persian. The owner seemed extremely arrogant and I hope he leaves the restaurant industry...
Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
Great place! I own the spa across the street (Hawaiian Experience Spa) and finally have driven by Pars hundreds of times. Finally, I made the time to check out this unique restaurant. 

We went for lunch on a Sunday, and everything was great. My only complaint, so to speak, was that there was no lunch menu and the dinner portions are too large for me for lunch. I ended up getting Chicken-Kabob and my wife just got soup and we split everything. It was still $31 with a tip with no drinks.

Still, the food was excellent, the service was great, and it was a nice quiet place. I definitely recommend it.
This was one of the worst Persian food experience of my life. It is a small restaurant with no ambiance. One waiter for the whole place. The waiter was not flexible with the menu. It was expensive for a neighborhood dive and the food was tasteless. Go to the Persian Room instead.  Our food was so bad it wasn't even worth sending it back. 
Poor service
Poor ambiance
Poor food 
Poor experience 
Over priced
Stay away at all costs. It is an overpriced, under service and ambiance place.  Food was below average and the owner/waiter or whatever he is was rude and inflexible with the menu. So it is a pricey, no ambiance place, slow service, and belw average food. The Persian Room is a much better place.
Let me start with saying that I'm persian and grew up with persian food. The food at Pars is very authentic. The kababs are moist and delicious and the saffron rice is to die for. 
I can make most of the stews at home but somehow I haven't met anyone yet that can make kabobs at home as good as at a restaurant. I still have to learn the secret of the perfect persian kabob. 
The Soltani platter is a little pricey but its my absolute favorite. 
Don't forget to try the house made, persian ice cream sandwiches. Its delicious and you will end up licking your fingers at the end.
This is a must stop when we come to town. They have the best dolmeh we've ever had, anywhere. The service has been great everytime we've gone.
I love this place and the food. It's not too far from my husband's business and we stop by to have our favorite chicken sultani and the warm pite with different veriaty of the round platter with appetizers. And there serving size is so big that I didnt have to cook myself for the next two days. Just love it, thank you!!!
Used to like this place but very disappointed today.  They ran out of koobideh on a sunday (that's like McDonalds running out of Fries). After the server explained the situation she said same price for barg. Eventually we agreed (reluctantly). Then our server came back and said no, its going to cost extra and would rather us know than just give us a bill for more than expected (as if that's an option, surprise! $).

Our party of 6, some from out of town with strong cravings were about to head elsewhere.  We decide to speak to the manager who instantly confirms there will be no koobideh. My wife (who's Iranian) and i come frequently and expressed our disappointment.  My wife is fair skinned with light hair and doesn't always get recognized as Iranian. So... Her and the manager switch to farsi and not a moment after realizing shes Iranian we are told he can have koobideh ready in 10 minutes.  

About 10 minutes later, not a minute more, we were served what we had been asking for all along. Interesting right? Now you can form your own opinion from reading this. I know for us, we will be thinking again before returning or referring others and will be make a point to tell our Iranian friends about this story.  I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed for them over this experience especially after patronizing the business for many years prior. Bottom line, the food isn't quite like it used to be and apparently there are some other deep rooted issues as well. 

But hey, there's always Persian room.
Went for lunch. Nice seating indoors and out. Quiet though for lunchtime. We had the koobideh and the chicken kabob. Lunch comes with salad and rice as well as a grilled tomato. The food was great EXCEPT that one of the tomatoes clearly had mold on it and the chef/owner tried to say that the tomato changes to white/grey mold color when cooked. So not only did he give me mold to eat but then lied about what it was. 
4 star food but 1 star service from the owner
*disclaimer* our server was great however
...not sure if I should go back...should I?
I've been looking for a great Persian restaurant since my last dining experience at Doostan. It was quite a drive for me, but I enjoyed the food so much that I came for dinner twice within the same week. The vibe seemed subdued from the lack of patrons, but the quiet atmosphere made it a cozy place to bring dates and small gatherings. Along with the front patio, there was a full bar situated next to the entrance. Past the partition was the dining area with scores of smaller tables surrounding the long vertical one for large gatherings. The blue, purple, and beige dcor nicely complemented the warm lighting and a number of paintings on the walls.

Their complementary pita bread was thick, fluffy, and pillow-like with a hint of smoke. It was a great starter with Halim Bademjan ($7.50) assembled with fried eggplant, tomatoes, garlic, onions, and other seasoning. The consistency was not as thick or flavorful as the one at Flame International. However, the pronounced garlic flavor was a hit when added to the soft smoky pita. My only wish was for the eggplant flavor to stand out more. It was good, but not mind blowing.

The Lamb Shish-Kebab ($21) was put together with chunks of marinated lamb, tomatoes, bell peppers, onions, and at my request, cherry rice ($4.50).  The lamb was tender and moist with full-on flavor. The cuts were chewy, but I could taste the saffron as the mix of cherry was delicious in the basmati. For the price, I wished there could be more cherries in the basmati, but the lamb made quite an impression. 

The Chicken Shish-Kebab ($17) arrived with charbroiled marinated chicken breast, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and choice of dill and lima beans rice ($4.5). The chicken came with tremendous wow factor: super moist, juicy, and flavorful. The dill and lima beans basmati was not overpowering, and instead the taste was complementary to the chicken.

The Cornish Hen Kebob ($17) was equally outstanding. This dish came with an entire Cornish Hen served bone-in, and each piece was evenly cooked to perfection to render a meaty juicy sensation. The cherry rice was again a hit. I will go the distance whenever I can find cherry rice. 

Lastly, the Salmon Kebob ($18.50) came with marinated salmon and basmati rice mixed with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro. The salmon was tender but slightly overdone. The rice had a smooth refined flaovr as a secondary to provide depth. I wasn't particularly blown away by this dish, especially since the previous dishes were really outstanding. Among them, I'm still partial to the Lamb and Chicken Kebob. 

Service was inconsistent, as my dining companion drank from a dirty glass without knowing it until the end of his meal. My second visit fared much better. The server was knowledgeable, friendly, highly attentive, and invited us to return. Here's one of the few legitimate places to grab Persian cuisine in this area. I'd be very interested in coming back to try the Persian Ice Cream, Baklava, and Zoombia & Bamieh.
I used to like this place for one reason. Ice cream. But service here is so horrible now. I can't comment on the food since we were never seated. The "hostess" was new and told us there were no tables available even though there were plenty of tables open. I asked why and she said those are all reserved for later...Hmm it was 6:45 and she said people had reservations for 6:30. That was the first issue. We've been here many times in the past, never with a reservation and this new hostess says they don't have a table for us. Then a server comes over and assures us we are not welcome there. Your job is to make customers feel welcomed, not kick them to the curb. Needless to say I will never come back. The only reason I've been going in the past was for their pistachio ice cream. All of the meat or chicken was always way too dry or undercooked. Rude service to say the least. They need to get rid of this horrible new staff and keep that help wanted sign on the window cause the staff they have now belongs at a walmart with their lack of hospitality. Go to Persian Room.
Delicious! The chicken sultani is very flavorful and the oyster mushroom kebob was perfect! The portions are large-we took leftovers home. We sat outside were it was quiet, but the inside had a nice ambiance as well. Wish I would have had room for dessert.
Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!

We've hit up Pars a couple of times when we were stuck in a food rut.  Both times I was very impressed with the experience.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired - it is very dated inside and quite small and dark.  The wine list was also a bit of a drag - pretty cheap selections and nothing unique.  Instead, I had a beer with dinner.  The two of us ordered:

Vegetarian Platter (Dolmeh, Maust' Khiar & Hummus) and the Oyster Mushroom Kebab to split.  My boyfriend is HUGE eater, and we were stuffed by the end of the meal - I definitely recommend splitting unless you love leftovers.  

Great food - we will definitely be back the next time we can't decide where to head in our neighborhood!
Came here with a friend one evening, and we were seated quickly,  though the place was kind of dead. The friendly waiter brought out pitas and drinks,  and we got our order fairly quickly. And let me tell you,  what an order!  Tons of food! I got the Chicken Barg-Sultani, and it was super delicious. Great rice and salad.  Though  really, the order could have been half the size and price and It would have been just as good. Not sure if the huge plates of food are a cultural thing,  meant to be shared? Not used to that,  but good to know for next time. 

It definitely cured my desire for something different that evening!
I am going to preface this review by stating that I have never had Persian food before. Mediterranean yes, but Persian specific, no. We arrived on Saturday night, around 7:30 and the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We waited a few minutes for the host to come by and then were seated. This is not the type of place where they are going to hold your hand to get to your table and then describe things to you. Did not bother me in the least. 

Our waitress quickly came by to introduce herself,  take drink orders, and drop off some pita, butter, and onion. Upon receiving our drinks we ordered the appetizer platter. When we told her we weren't quite ready to order she gave us time, but then came back within an appropriate amount of time to check-up (I find a lot of places they nearly forget about you if you aren't ready right away, so this was nice). 

The appetizer platter was huge and we barely made a dent. I especially liked the dolmeh and Maust' Khiar. For my entree I ordered the Sultani: filet and koobideh, going 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice for the side. I thought this was very good. The filet had a nice flavor and was tender. The koobideh had a distinct flavor of it's own that I very much enjoyed. The rice and salad were a nice compliment. I didn't even come close to finishing my plate; you definitely get plenty of food.  My friends ordered a variety of other dishes ranging from one of the stews to the gyro platter. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. 

We agreed that we would not go out of our way to visit very often, but the food was great Persian if you are in the area and hungry for that type of cuisine.
Dang! I wanted to be the first to write a review and TWO people beat me to it! This place has great, fresh, healthy food! They day I went, they'd only been open for 4 days and they were a little discombobulated. Serving spoons were nowhere to be found, so the folks working there were trying to use tiny plastic spoons to fill big heaping containers. Their cash register was broken too.

But from my first taste of baklava, nothing else mattered but the food. The baklava is luscious. It's some of the best I've ever had. It's not gloopy and not cloyingly sweet. The taste of nuts and honey and flakey pastry all come through.

Then I tried their veggie soup. It was nothing fancy, but somehow heart-warming soul food in soup form. 

The Manoshet White Cheese pita/pizza like thing (fiteer for those who know the language) was outstanding. The pitas are fresh baked every day using organic flour. I could eat the Manoshet 3x/day and it would be a long time before I'd tire of it.

The Nazarene Salad was a standout. Cabbage, carrots, sesame seeds and bell pepper in a tasty homemade dressing. 

I do want to suggest they add a combo plate of salads but as friendly as these folks are, I bet they'd make one just for you even if it isn't on the menu.

The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was the atmosphere. I'm not so inclined to eat in and much more inclined to get take out. But the food is some of the best to be found in Vegas.
I am a fan of Middle Eastern food, I cook it, I grew up on it, and I eat it most of the time, so, I was told about this new Resturuant Amena by a friend last week, we went there with other people, I looked at the menue that looked mostly similar to the other Mideastern Resturaunts' menues with a couple of more items, however, I was impressed with watching the bread being baked behind the counter, and being served warm from the oven, I was more impressed to learn that this bakery makes baklava and sweets (both middle eastern, and western sweets), I was even more impressed when I learned that you have the option to have your baklava with less sugar than you usually get at other places, and what imprssed me most is when I learned that you can order Kunafeh, this is a very specialized desert that is made in parts of the Middle East, it is made of goat cheese, hairy dough, nuts, and honey sauce, it will take them about 20 minutes to prepare it because they make it fresh for you. So, we ordered the regular food, and tehy made the desert while we were having our lunch which was heavenly, everything is so fresh, and delicious. the owners are soooo concerned about the customers satisfaction, when I bought few items from the bakery to take home after the meal, I asked if they had whole wheat pita bread, and because they had the whole wheat pitas baked the day before, and not the day of the sale, they refused to charge me for the pitas, which by the way turned out to be heavenly, I wouldn't have known it was baked the day before if they didn't tell me.
I strongly recommend that you try this place.
I found Amena thanks to Yelp -- again - (Poly A, your review was terrific and convinced me particularly when comparing your notes on Habib's, that I should give them a shot).   So this Easter Sunday, when I realized I'd not ordered items for a party the next day, I remembered reading the review and headed over -- they were open -- Habib's wasn't.  

I explained my situation to Amir -- what a great guy.  He and his niece were thoughtful and caring -- beyond generous.  I think they offered me samples of everything in the place.  And even offered to make items I needed that were not on their menu.   I arranged for pick up the next day at 2:00 (meat, cheese and spinach pies, stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tahini, pita bread, baklava, these round phyllo cookies that were crispy, sticky, sweet and cinnamony and just incredible, as well as little chocolate "quickers").   

My staff had made lots of the items we served at the Persian-themed party, but there were some things that were just too hard for them to pull off -- hence the outsourcing.  I've not had tremendous luck finding good reliable sources since we've come to Vegas -- but these folks are the real deal.  

And sure enough, yesterday at 2:00 sharp -- they were ready, and proud -- even found Persian music for me to use at the party!  Everything was delicious -- truly spectacular and reasonably priced.

Bless the Chef's heart -- he looked exhausted, too.  I know my order was a tall one.  

I did learn one thing that I thought was interesting that Poly hadn't mentioned -- the family is from Nazareth.  Amir used to be a local bank branch manager.  

Anyone looking for a great lunch -- terrific falafel sandwiches, kebobs, etc -- like Poly said -- on freshly baked pita is in for a treat.  It's also a great spot for a dessert -- or to use them for takeout -- but probably best to get to know them and order in advance.   

The shelves do seem a bit bare -- but trust me, engage the owner or the girls in a conversation -- ask him what he likes -- their food couldn't be fresher, or their hearts any bigger -- and when I see a family working this hard in this business with such passion, I can't help but want to spread the word...
An okay bakery, but is it a five star lunch spot? No. True to its confectionary specialties, the food here is sweet- and I mean everything is sweet. The sticky sweet croissants, the salads that are peppered with honey and candied nuts, the pita sandwiches that are oddly stuffed with whole oranges (pith and all) and sweet pickle, even the simple vegetable soup that overwhelmingly tasted like sweet potatoes and allspice- absolutely every dish served to us here incorporated fruits or honey, transmogrifying a savory lunch into a toothache inducing sugar fest. I can understand how the sweet-savory thing can appeal to some people (like, I don't know, pre-diabetics and your typical Waldorf salad eating American sugar addict), but I can't stand it. The staff is extremely friendly and well-acquainted with their sacrosanct Yelp referrals; in fact, they're almost too friendly... like guilt you into writing a good review for some free baklava friendly. Further, to my understanding, the only thing organic here is the wheat flour they use in their breads- big deal? Nothing that I love about Mediterranean food came through here - the sumac, the pungent garlic, the lamb, the kebabs, the fresh roasted vegetables... you won't find any of it here. Overall, an average bakery (the baklava and pinwheels were good- but I'm not orgasmic over them), but lunch? Eh...
Thanks to Poly for recommending this place so strongly.  Mamoun's Falafel in NYC is my favorite restaurant of all time and while it wasn't close to being THAT good, this is the best I've had in Vegas.  Hummus was awesome and I could eat the pita for DAYS.  

Very friendly staff that gave us a couple of extra pieces of pita for our sampler and the salad was very good with a nice variety of stuff.  Came out to about $16 for two.  

I still don't get how restaurants in Vegas can get away with calling their meat "shawarma" when its cooked in a pan.  It should be on a skewer or spit or something like that.  Whatever..food is still good here and I plan on becoming a semi-regular since I live so close.
I wanted to love this place, I really did but something just wasn't right.  Like Carly A. said "An it's an o.k. bakery but not a five star lunch spot."  The owners were overly friendly, but the presentation and organization left much to be desired.

Upon entering there was this loud middle eastern music playing, and I couldn't hear what the waitress was saying.  I ordered the Amena salad w/ chicken.  When the salad came out there was no chicken on it, I asked the waitress and she said it doesn't come w/ chicken on it.  Why didn't she tell me that when I ordered?  I also ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich, which was o.k. but a little sloppy and too much cumin or turmeric in it.

It was a little expensive for my taste...$20 for a sandwich and salad, which took too long to make and wasn't that good.  The ingredients were fresh and the pita bread and hummus were yummy, but  dealing w/ the loud music, the wait, the misunderstanding w/ the order and the overpriced lunch did not make for an enjoyable experience.
Amena serves dishes from owner Amer Hamed's native Israel, and indeed, there are Israelis here at any given moment, chatting away in Hebrew and eating 
shawarmas. The restaurant also doubles as a bakery. Fresh pita bread, hot rolls and delicious pastries and meat pies are made on the premises daily, and that includes Saturdays.
Recently had lunch at Amena.  Very good lunch spot.  Owner and his staff were very attentive and offered good recommendations on their menu.

Food was very good - particularly enjoyed the falafel, hummus, schwarma, pita, baklava and manoshet.  Falafel, hummus and pita were particularly notable - hummus was fresh, creamy, flavorful, falafel was freshly made, crispy on the outside, smooth and well seasoned inside.

Atmosphere was simple and unassuming - very comfortable, nice little market/cafe atmosphere one commonly sees in mediterranean style restaurants.

Recommended lunch option in the center of town - again, very good food and very friendly and helpful owner and staff.  Another local business that deserves support based on quality and service.
There is nothing better on a summer day then some fresh Mediterranean/ Greek Food. 
I was going to Trader Joe's and happened to see Amena in the corner of my eye so i quickly looked it up on yelp on my Iphone and say it got good reviews. 
Went inside and was happy how to see it is almost a deli set up with a little bit of table service.
I had the Amena Salad $7.49 which had Mixed lettuce, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Red onions, Feta Cheese, Walnuts and black olives with what i think was a herb vinaigrette. It hit the spot and was nicely balanced but kinda hard to eat with everything being small diced. 
Since i was hard torn between the salad and Falafel sandwich the cashier/ server/ busboy/ possible owner gave me three falafels and a pita bread for free.
The pita bread as Misti Y. sayes is AYUMYUMYUMYUM. taste like it was made minutes before it was brought out. and the falafel was very good. Crispy on the out side and soft on the inside with a great balance of herbs and spices. 
I would defiantly recommenced this place for a nice relaxed lunch.
I will come back again.
I've always seen this place when I go to Trader Joes and after seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try. I wasn't disappointed...it was pretty damn tasty. There were a few other people in the cafe eating when we arrived and we decided to eat in as well. The proprietors were super friendly and asked if it was our first time there. They totally made us feel right at home, as opposed to a couple other places we have tried recently where we felt like total outsiders/intruders since we weren't regulars.  

We ordered a falafel sandwich and a hummus plate with falafel. That plus a couple bottles of water was under $20. The bf had the falafel sandwich which was stuffed with a variety of toppings (I had to have a few bites and it was delicious). The hummus came with 4 falafel balls and a stack of super fresh, pillowy pita (and way more than I could eat so I took half home--Mmmm midnight snack!). Soooooo good. I could basically eat nothing but hummus and pita  everyday and this is some of the best I've had--I'm definitely going to be frequenting Amena for takeout hummus and pita in the future...looking forward to trying the babaganoush next time too! I just wish this place was closer to my house.
Great food, great value! 
The falafel pita is super delicious and a great value! 
This is a nice deli-style restaurant, perfect for grabbing a quick lunch or just having a casual dinner with friends.  
They also have pita, hummous and pastries available for dine-in or take out.  We got pita, hummous and baklava to go.  Everything was great! We will definitely be going back to Amena!
ok.  i like this place.  i've tried many middle eastern / greek places in this town, but this is one of my favorites.  it's definitely a hole in the wall, and despite being a middle eastern restaurant, the owner seems to be israeli and the workers are mexican.  interesting, but you say halal, i say kosher. 
anywho, their fallafal is really good, and so are the fries.  they also serve mexican pickled vegetables when you sit down..  why?  i don't know.  but i do recommend this place, and it's close to trader joe's.
The best lunch I had all week was at Amena. I've been there quite a few times, and I've never been disappointed. I generally get the falafel since it's the best in town, but today I went for the kibbeah, babaganoush and hummas. When the owner saw that I was torn between the falafel and the kibbeah, he tossed in a couple of falafel for free! And i had the most wonderful fresh lemonade with crushed mint. Unbelieveably good. As always, the food was superior and the service was outstanding. Why eat corporate crap when something as wonderful as Amena exists?
This place is just wonderful. Absolutely the best hummus I've ever had - it's so creamy! The fresh pitas are to die for, and the owner (who I believe has rung me up every time I've been) is a really nice guy - when I was deciding what to get today, he gave me a sample of the homemade baklava, which was dissolve-in-your-mouth delicious. Amazing place, wish it was a little closer to my house!
I stared Death in the face and ordered a falaffel sandwich.

I was getting ready to leave Las Vegas. The TV weatherman's map showed the southern half of California being pounded under torrential rain.  The entire length of I15 back to California was colored red, and the forecast was for the storm to peak at 3 pm, exactly when I was supposed to leave for the 5 hour drive home.  The Weather Channel said there would be high wind warnings in effect and mentioned there would be the possibility of tornadoes along the road back to southern California.   

Well, I thought, if I'm going to risk my life on the road during this storm, I want to make damn sure I have a decent last meal.  There was no doubt in my mind, I had to have a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.

I had just tried the place for the first time the day before, based on Misti Y's excellent review.  Her recommendation was, as the English say, spot on.   

Amena's pita bread is heavenly.  Tender and light, but still strong enough to hold a bunch of falaffel patties and fixin's. And as Misti notes, they serve the falaffel sandwiches stuffed at Amena Bakery, none of that bogus folded pita nonsense here!  (hello Daphne's!)  The falaffel patties have a great initial crunch and a flavorful interior.  Absolutely delicious!  Each sandwich is made to order, so the patties are plenty warm when you get them.  When your sandwich is ready, you specify what toppings you want.   Without question, this was the best falaffel sandwich I've had in the last 20 years.

So, now, as I was getting ready for my redicuously dangerous trip home, I was faced with that Yelp Profile question: what did I want for my last meal on Earth?  

It came down to a Super Taco from La Takiza, or a falaffel sandwich from Amena Bakery.    They are both excellent, and I would have been happy to have either one in my belly when I kicked off.  I ended up picking Amena because there are plenty of taco places where I live, but nowhere to get a great falaffel sandwich.

And Amena didn't disappoint!  The woman at the register remembered me from the day before.  She asked if I was going to try something new today.  I really wanted to try the shwarma, but I stuck with the falaffel.  I also purchased a couple baklavas.  I'm not a big baklava fan, but the free sample I got on my first visit was so delicious, I had to have more!  So crunchy and sweet!

I can't wait to go back to Amena!  I'll have to go multiple times next time I'm in town because I really want to try the shwarma and other items on the menu, and I can't wait to get another falafflel sandwich. 

Mikey C says: Thanks for turning me on to Amena Bakery, Misti Y!  I love this place!
Ok so this place is GREAT! The service was great! The food was great! My friend just got back from Saudi Arabia and he said that the food at Amena was very AUTHENTIC. I come to Vegas every year and I will definitely be coming back to Amena!
This place is great! 

Found it from the glowing yelp reviews and it was spot on. 

Nice little shop with great items, the fresh pita bread was soo good. 

-Beef Shawarma Plate: nice portion of marinated beef, hommus and a nie little salad. It was good, tender meat, nice flavor and good portion. 

-Gyro Plate: Gyro meat was spot on, one of the best tatsing in Las Vegas, same sides as beef plate. 

The tahini sauce they have on the side is great, smooth texture and great flavor. They also have baklava as well, I didnt try it but everything else was soo good I would imagine it would be good too. 

I will be back for sure.
Went to Vegas and couldn't leave without some falafel :)  I went to Amena because it got such amazing reviews! The woman at the front was incredibly hospitable!  We came on a Sunday night and practically had the place to ourselves -YAY!

I took a first-time-falafel-taster here.  I was very proud of him because he was very open to trying a vegetarian favorite of mine.  He ate 5 out of 8 falafel balls and killed the hummus, so it was a success!  The pita was so fresh!  We both adored the mint lemonade.  It was amazing and thank you so much for the refills!
Vegetarians rejoice! ...and Middle Eastern food fanatics!  This place is great!  I had long been craving sabich (ch pronounced like a hard hhhhhh, other transliterations use sabikh with a K) since the Israeli joint on Fort Apache and Sahara closed down over 3 years ago.  A little birdie told me Amena had sabich, so on a trek from UNLV to Centennial Hills, I stopped here for lunch.

Fresh-made pita daily, this place smells good and has a wide variety of menu items including sandwiches with schawarma, falafel, lamb to veggie pies, hummus, lebneh, etc.  I stood in line and looked frantically for sabich on the menu, but it was not there.  However, the staff resassured me that it is available, "off-the-menu."

Sabich is essentially a pita stuffed with eggplant, hard boiled egg, and amba (a sour mango spread).  Amena serves it with hummus instead of amba, and then allows you to stuff it with all of the healthy fixins': red cabbage, green cabbage, diced onions with a tomato paste similar to harissa with a hint of spice, cucumber, sliced onions, and pickles.  It was a MOUTHFUL!  The staff set s'chug (hot pepper paste) and tahini bottles on the table.  I also got a Mexican coke to drink.  

The sandwich was overfull of deliciousness, endless flavors, crunchy fresh veggies, soft pillowly fresh pita, a variety of beautiful colors, hot and soft eggplant and eggs....drool!  Eating this...probably seemed like food porn to the rowdy group of Israeli guys at the table next to me, chattering away in Hebrew.  I am so coming back here and dragging Eric R. who loves middle eastern food and fresh pita!!!  And for all of the curious readers out there, the word for tasty in Hebrew is "ta-im!"
I have been on a falafel kick and on the quest to find the tastiest ones around town. This is a serious contender. 

I love that it's a stuffed pocket and not just folded up like a taco and the bread is fresh made. This was how shawarma places I frequented as a kid did it. It's also awesome how you can pick your toppings! I like that they give you a bottle of tahini for the table since I loveeee tahini and pepper paste. 

The falafel itself was crispy, but still fluffy inside and had good flavor. We are coming back for this for sure. We also tried a shawarma and this was good, but it's not quite the shawarma I'm looking for. Good spices, but the meat didn't come from a spit, but pan. 

We also grabbed some pastries. Two baklava, a flowery "macaroon" of sorts, a date cookie. The baklava is money. It was syrupy in a good way. When you bite in it's moist with syrup, but it's not overly sweet. Definitely will be getting. The other two were just okay, I don't think I'd get again. 

Prices were reasonable. Two sandwiches (I think they were $6.50 each), two drinks, 4 pastries was $26. 

Conclusion- Falaf'n tasty! Bak-lovin'! Though there was a few okay items we ordered, those two items were some good eats. We will be back!
Thank you once again Yelp Las Vegas!!!

I was searching for a yummy lunch spot and I came across Amena!

I not a huge fan of falafels but I'm a huge fan of pita :D

After having Amena's falafels in their fluffy pita pocket... I'm sold!
Not a huge fan of their hummus or talziki sauce but the falafels and pita bread are amazing enough to make me want to come back soon!

Next time I want to try their chicken shawarma! Haven't had it since I was in Dubai. Oh and their baklava :D

If you love pita bread... stop by Amena's for their daily fresh baked pitas which comes in minis and regular size. I got a bag of minis to go :))

After lunch here today with my gf... I'm a big fan of Amena's falafels and pita bread! We both enjoyed Amena's!

Casual in door seating. reasonable prices. no stress free parking.

I'll be back for my middle eastern fix!
-Miss Yelp 2011
The search has finally ended!

Since living in Vegas for the past 18 years I have been sorely disappointed in what some places consider to be a good falafel. 

I have managed to find what I thought was impossible here at Amena.  A beautiful crispy outside, wonderful soft GREEN inside (green is good.... Really good when talking falafel) and amazing flavor falafel ball.  

It is very similar in flavor to the ones I grew up with in San Jose at Falafels Drive In: http://www.yelp.com/biz/falafels-drive-in-san-jose

I ordered the Falafel plate.  It came with 7 large falafel balls, salad, hummus, a small thing of pickles, 1 pita and the necessary 2 sauces: A deliciously spicy pickled pepper chunky delicious concoction.  It also came with the delicious creamy white sauce you can put it on anything.

It was a wonderful lunch.  It really was perfect, save one thing:  It needed more than 1 pita.  The 1 pita provided was enough for either the hummus OR the falafel but not both.  However it was not enough of an issue to give less than 5 stars.

The service was also wonderfully attentive and helpful.  I will be back.  Hopefully to try something different.
Finally got to try this place and I've definitely become a fan!  We got some kinda flatbread with cheese to start which was good, we also ordered the homemade lemonade that I really enjoyed because the owner Amir blends mint into the lemonade which totally tasted like a mojito without the alcohol.
we also ordered the combo plate(Falafel, Hummus, Beef Shawerma, Chicken Shawerma, and a side salad) 

We also shared the Shnetzel Plate which came with fries and a side salad

We definitely enjoyed the Falafel, Pita, Hummus, and salad, but the Beef and Chicken Shawerma were kinda dry and not like other shawerma I've enjoyed before. Unfortunately for the Shnetzel.....dry too. Their sweets were pretty good and we bought more pita and falafel mix to cook up at home.

We'll be back, but  probably just to stock up on more falafel and pita...ALOHA!!!
I will have to Thank Yelp for this amazing place!! Wanted a little something different and came across Amena's... Can't say that I have ever really had mideastern food before, but after Amena's I will be having more in the Future!!! It was a little pricier than I though, but the food is well worth it. And as it is a Locally owned place the staff where awsome! They brought My friend and I free samples of the tasteing lemonade and the most AMAZING baclava I have ever had!!! I HIGHLY recommend this place for a great lunch!!! (And did I mention the best Pita's you will find in town!!! )
Wanted a good place for lunch so yelped, best lunch in las vegas and this place came up and I love greek food so decided to drive a bit from the northwest to try it.  

I couldn't decide what to try, so I got the combo plate with sherwema chicken and beef, hummus, salad and falafel.  

I've had falafel a few times in the past but never really knew what the hype was about......until I tried these.  Seriously perfectly flavored with a bit of crunch with every bite.  

I have a little love for another little locally greek cafe in the northwest, but I must say, this place kills their falafels and pitas.  Freshly baked pitas are wonderous.  Both the chicken and beef were tender and seasoning was also perfect.   The hummus was good.

The salad was a nice crunchy mixture of chopped lettuce and veggies, but the dressing wasn't my favorite, but then again I've only really liked one greek salad dressing and that was from the little greek gem in the northwest.  Overall, it was cold, crisp and refreshing.

The service was great, the owner was there and very helpful and gave me dessert on the house, baklava.  I'm not sure if I've ever finished a whole piece of baklava because of the sweetness, but this one went all in.  Perfect balance of sweetness and crisp texture.  

Felt this little hidden gem had a lot to offer and hopefully more people give it a try.  

Enjoy!
So yummy!

My husband and I were searching for a quick lunch before grocery shopping (never go to Trader Joe's on an empty stomach) and lucky for us, we found Amena right in the same shopping center!

I just moved to Vegas and have been eager to find a pita place to rival my beloved Naf Naf back in Illinois and Amena comes pretty close! The service was so friendly (we even got a complimentary piece of baklava as our dessert) and the food is delicious. We shared a plate of falafel and hummus with fava beans and it was really delicious. The falafels are perfect- crispy and crunchy on the outside, soft and delicious inside, and the hummus is sooo smooth and creamy! I You can also buy the pita to take home, like we did (6 for $2.29, and wayyy better than store-bought pita!). I can't wait to go back to try the shwarma.
It was just okay.  The Filafel was pretty okay.  I do not like their yogurt sauce.  Did not even taste like yogurt.  The pita was soft & chewy at the same time, and was really good.

Their Schwarma was lame.  I don't even think they used a spick for it.  It just tasted/felt like pan fried steak.  Very little flavor.

I would not go back there again.   

The workers are very nice, but the food was just too bland for me.  

I want to warn that I may be a bit biased: I've been to Israel and I've had awesome Filafel & Schwarma in Europe & Turkey, and this does not even come close to the stuff you buy in the streets over there.

Oddly enough, the best Filafel I ever had was in Paris.  So don't let me ruin your experience there.  However, all I can recommend is their Filafel; and it's not a 'glowing' recommendation, but it was okay.
It is hard to find a good falafel anywhere...especially in the middle of the Mojave Desert! Lucky for us Amena exists to fulfill our deepest Middle Eastern food cravings. 
I had a Falafel sandwich($6.49) which came stuffed with pickles and other assorted goodies. Ask for the hot sauce they have a squeeze bottle full of it along with tahini sauce for your sandwich.
They have several tables to sit and eat here,as well as an awesome assortment of sweets.
They make their own grape leaves and pita and lentil soup! Not to be missed!.
Great place to grab a bite before shopping at Trader Joes!
I have been searching for good middle eastern food here in Las Vegas and have had a bumpy ride. Some of my neighbors mentioned Amena, so I looked into trying it. I went in the first time to check it out, and get the feel of the place. I am very critical at times of a restaurants kitchen and staff, if they apear sloppy or unengaged it is a big negative. I think of food almost like medicine bad in = bad in general. I liked everything about it but.... it seemed a bit pricey so we just got some pita bread and humus. I continued my quest for good food from the fertile crescent area. Months later we decided to give it a real shot and had a full meal. Here is what we found.
Great yellow lentil soup. Complex flavors, good texture, and it tastes like it is made with love and skill. The humus was good, if not great, the baba was very good, the pita bread was excellent, the kibbeh was good, the deserts were good, and most of all the owners were fantastic. They were helpful, kind and very welcoming! I am excited to go back and try the grilled chicken platter and more. I am told that if you want the grilled chicken platter and some of the other main courses to order before getting there because they take more time to prepare.
For a long time I was stuck in a rut and went to only one Mediterranean restaurant since it was close to university. Thanks to Yelp and other Yelpers I am trying all these new places now. Amena is by far one of the best I have tried yet. My sister and I came here after a day at the Korean Spa. We had sweated out all the alcohol from the night before and came here for healthy food. 

The restaurant is set up so that you order at the counter and then they bring the food out to your table. As we were looking over the menu, the owner came out and offered us a sample of their dolmades. These are probably one of the best I have ever had. The leaves are tender and the rice filling gave it a nice contrasting texture. Served at room temperature, it was hard not ordering some. We ended up getting the vegetarian plate ($9.99) which consisted of hummus, babaganoush, 4 falafels, tabbouleh, potatoes, Greek yogurt, and a salad. After the last encounter with tabbouleh, I never expected to eat it ever again. The previous restaurant made it entirely out of parsley and had me thinking I was eating grass. Not at Amena, theirs was a good mix of cucumbers, tomatoes, wheat, mint, parsley, and lemon juice. The babaganoush was magnificent. Light and no one flavor was over powering. Like an ensemble cast, there was not one star, they all gave stand out performances. Like everyone mentioned, the falafels and pita are noteworthy. Moving on to the next plate, the Combo ($13.99) had beef and chicken shawarma, hummus, falafels, potatoes, and a salad. Ripping pieces of the pita and using my hands was my only thought. Utensils only slow down the eating process. Squirt some tahini and homemade hot sauce for perfection. Good thing they place a bottle of each on the table. I could not get enough of anything. Before we knew it, both plates were empty and all the pita was gone. 

It is crucial to save room for desserts. Being a bakery, we wanted a cheese stuffed dough dish tossed in a honey sauce, but they were out. Instead, the owner recommended the cheese kanafeh. When it came, we were in awe. My sister guessed that it was phyllo dough, I thought it was vermicelli noodles. Looking it up, we were both right in a way. It is phyllo dough shredded up to vermicelli like strands that has a light spread of cheese, browned in butter, soaked in a simple syrup, and covered with crushed pistachios. 

I had got a Turkish coffee as well. This was my least favorite item. It was too loose. I am used to it being thick foam and almost sludge like near the end. I also appreciate it when it is sweetened for me. I ended up not getting any sugar added to mine because usually it is sweet enough, but not this time.

With the friendliness of the staff and the quality of food, I can't wait to go back.
As much as I love it, I was scared from Mediterranean food after a previously bad experience. My brother, though at another time and place, was in the same position as myself - mine regarding falafel, his over tabbouleh. But we braved it to Amena after a time to the Korean spa to regain both hope and nourishment. Amena threw out of my inhibitions - evident through the empty places and pleas for dessert that soon followed.

My brother and I ordered based off our usual technique: divide and conquer. This meant ordering both the vegetarian plate ($9.99) and the Combo plate ($13.99). Soon after ordering at the counter, our food was brought out, and the Mediterranean bloodbath shortly followed. The vegetarian plate soon became both of our favorites - with hummus, babaganoush, falafel, potatoes, a savory Greek yogurt, salad, and tabbouleh. The babaganoush was so fresh and undiluted in its eggplant essence. The falafel was fresh out of the fryer, and absolutely blew my mind in its simplicity - who knew chickpeas could taste so good? The yogurt was literally thrown on everything, and made everything that was delicious infinitely better.

The Combo plate included beef and chicken shawarma, more hummus, falafel, potatos and another salad. The meat was really good, but honestly, we were more enamored with the veggie plate as we're not big meat eaters (also, we're suckers for babaganoush). Regardless, we finished off two plates within ten minutes or so. But I didn't even mention the pita! Fluffy, freshly baked, and housemade? My brother and I devoured the pita just as fast as we devoured the plates of food in front of us - rip, rip, meat! Rip, rip, falafel! Though we were offered more, our waistlines could not handle the carb overload.

Then there was dessert. Initially, we had wanted to order fried dough stuffed with cheese topped with honey. But somethings are just not meant to be - evident through my inability to pronounce the dish and the fact they ran out of the dough. The proprietors then suggested the kanafeh with cheese (around $7 for a small) as an alternative. Neither of us had a clue what I just got ourselves into, but a few minutes later, I ate my way out of oblivion. Reading my brother's review, the kanafeh is comprised of phyllo dough so thin it resembles vermicelli noodles. Throw that onto of cheese and drizzle honey and pistachios on top - that's a kanafeh. Seeing as we devoured two combination plates and pita upon pita, we failed to finish the kanafeh (much to our waistline's dismay). But it was the perfect marriage of savory to sweet, crunchy to melty. 

To be honest, the food was only have of the experience. The service was above and beyond graciousness. Within two minutes of entering the restaurant, both of us were offered free dolmades - the grape leaves tender and fresh with the lightest rice filling I've ever had. The owners were always so sweet - always asking the two of us if we were doing alright, how the food was, constantly offering more pita. Suggesting this dish or that dish, their upselling would normally be off-putting, but when the food is as delicious as Amena's or the people as nice as they were, I don't mind one bit.

For months, I had bookmarked Amena. It was only until every other establishment as an option fell through that I was finally able to cross it off. Luckily enough, the gods were in our favor that day. The hospitality and the sheer deliciousness make the summer, when I come back to Vegas, seem so far away now.
I just don't know what all the fuss is about. I got a veggie plate for myself and a gyro for my hubby. The veggie combo advertised a few of the items (hummus, taboulli salad, falafel, and pita bread) that it included and "much more". Well, there wasn't anything more in my veggie combo that wasn't named on the menu. Didn't like the falafel much, kinda dry. The hummus was less than ordinary. The best part was the fresh pita bread and the rolled fillo pastry that I had. I would buy some of their fresh pit bread to take home. It's a decent place to stop for a snack, I guess. Still the fact remains, I ordered takeout; stuck my food in the fridge for later because I enjoy leftovers; and just ended up throwing it out because it wasn't enticing me to eat it at all. So I'm still searching for a good Mediterranean RESTAURANT & dining experience - not a deli.
The owner is very kind and welcoming! We enjoyed the lentil soup, chicken swarma plate, Turkish coffees and sweets. Food tasted homemade and delicious. Bought whole wheat and white pita bread to go. Super fluffy!!
This was such a great find! I will eat here again and again:)
Today was my first visit to this place.  Usually, I'm not too excited about Mediterranean food, but after having taking my first bite of my beef shawarma plate made my day!  

Came along as sides, the hummas, pickled beats, and pickled cabbage were all distinctly flavorful.  Their homemade pita bread was fluffy like a pillow, unlike any I've had.  Sliced pickles and green olives were shared at the table.  

Overall, I'd say they've got good service.  For the basically a $10 dish, I got more than I should have - gratefully so! 

Keep in mind that we came in the late afternoon.  I wonder would it be like during lunch time.
Great lunch spot, great service and hospitality. I don't like to rate restaurants based on 1 trip, 1 dish but from what I ordered, the veggie combo, I loved the hummus and pita bread but the greatest thing that I had was the falafel and baklava. Highly recommended.

My favorite bites from Amena Bakery & Deli are the falafel and the baklava.
Amena is our go to spot when we can't decide where to eat and we have never been disappointed. The pickled veggies you start off with are savory and yummy all on their own, and I love the olives. We always get falafel - the best I've had since Mamoun's back in NYC. The pita it comes in is fresh, fluffy, and they'll add a delicious dollop of hummus upon request. I also really like their gyro sandwich with lebneh. Both sandwiches come with your choice of tasty toppings like onions, tomatoes, two kinds of cabbage, pickles, hot sauce, cucumbers, etc. Their tahini and hot sauce can be added or served on the side in a bottle - I do both. Another favorite, even in the summer, is their lentil soup. It is velvety and flavorful, we always share a bowl and fight over it, haha. Sometimes we get a piece or two of their baklava - again, the best I've had in Vegas. I really like the baklava cigars, they're rolled up and yummy. Note: Last time we went we ordered two sandwiches and some soup. The owner came to over to apologize after we paid because he hadn't realized the soup was almost out and he didn't want to give us the bottom of the pot. I respect that as he could have just added water and served it as many restaurants would. He offered us our $ back for the soup or the chance to try a special dessert and OF COURSE we chose dessert. I don't recall the name but it was fabulous!!! Shredded filo dough wrapped around a goat cheese/brie hybrid and topped with ample pistachios, walnuts and honey. Looked like a pie and I have no idea how we ate it all but we did! I highly recommend anything from Amena.
Pretty good! I always drive by Amena when I go for my groceries. Looked them up on Yelp and had to try it after reading their positive reviews. We were looking for something healthy that night and it filled the spot. 

I loved their pickled sides and the salad was awesome. The chicken was seasoned well and their homemade pitas sold me; thick and fluffy. But what really sealed the deal was the baklava and mango drinks. The baklava was filled with a strong cinnamon flavor and light on the honey with crushed Pistachios on top; yummy! The Mango drink was light, iced and refreshing.

I wish the prices were a little lower, but it was a great visit with excelent customer service.

Thank you for the extra pitas!
The owner was really friendly and explained a lot of the menu since it was my first time. The chicken shawarma was delicious with quality chicken (no fatty chunks or hard pieces) and a very light curry flavor. The pitas are homemade and DEFINITELY worth the $2-3 for 6 extra pitas. They're pillowy and light and taste how pitas should, not like from the grocery store. They also have what I think is a homemade hot sauce and it's actually spicier than anything I've had at other restaurants. The tzaziki sauce is also really good. And they gave me and my sister these amazing dessert samples while we waited for our take-out order! One looked like cornbread, but tasted like honey with cornmeal in it (sounds weird, but it was really good), and the other looked like a miniature cinnamon roll but also had a very interesting, light texture. I definitely recommend this place.
After picking up the last items on our office supply/snack run, the girls and I were hungry and looking for a bite to eat.  We were looking for a salad or sandwich place but when the best recommendations we got were for Olive Garden or TGI Fridays, we decided to turn to Yelp.  Turns out, Amena was in the very same mini mall.  Awesome!

From the moment we walked in, we were in love.  So many delicious options!  We almost made the mistake of each ordering the veggie combo.  Luckily, the lady behind the counter stopped us.  The veggie combo is more than enough to share so we got the grape leaves and the mahi mahi as well.

I'm pretty sure the staff at Amena thinks we're big freaks.  I don't think we stopped talking about how great everything was the entire time we were in the place.  We loved that they brought out olives and pickled veggies to start, then the warm pita bread, then the veggie combo...you get the idea.  Everything was wonderful and so fresh.  You know when you can just taste the difference between something that was pre packaged and something hand made?  It's like that.  You can tell that everything is homemade with love.

After almost cleaning our plates, we were told that the mahi mahi would be out in a few minutes.  We were stuffed already but couldn't stop eating.  I'm so glad that we didn't stop there.  The fish was buttery, hot and perfectly cooked.  And it came with more hummus and pita bread.  We polished that off too.

Not only is the food wonderful, the people who work there are so gracious and genuine.  They took excellent care of us, which was unexpected for a deli.  The prices were also very reasonable.  The three of us could have easily split the veggie combo and the grape leaves and been perfectly happy.  I'm so glad we didn't miss out on that fish, though.

We walked out stuffed and raving about our new favorite lunch spot.  I'm just kicking myself that I didn't leave any room for dessert.  Oh well, I'll just have to come back!
Definitely a place to try out.  I especially recommend the mushroom hummus: mushrroms and onions sauteed in olive oil, served over a plate of hummus. A delicious and satisfying snack.  The falafel was very tasty, though I think it was frozen.  At any rate, I would order it again.  We had the combo plate which included falafel, beef shawarma and chicken shawarma.  I was not impressed by the meat dishes. I didn't find them to be very flavorful.

I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a vegan meal.  Maybe a spot of hummus to get you through the day.  

Be mindful that this is a very casual deli. Great for lunch. A good place to drop in if you are driving in the neighborhood.

Sadly, I did not try any of the baked goods.  After gorging myself on hummus, I didn't have any room left for dessert.
So good!  We got the combo with the Chicken and Beef Shawarma, falafel, and hummus, which came with freshly-made pita bread.  We also got the Amena Salad and Baklava.  Everything there was made fresh, the restaurant/store is family-owned, and everything was delicious.  We will go back for sure!
Visited Amena for the 2nd time today.   First time I tried a falafel plate with an order of lentil soup and was actually quite disappointed in most of the items I had with the exception of the falafel which I found to be a very tasty version.   The lentil soup tasted medicinal to me and in all brutal honesty was the worst version I've had and for $4.95 I quite simply have no desire to ever order it again, though I would definitely give it another go if it came as a side to something else I ordered, but I don't see that as an option on their menu.  This is a little frustrating for me because I love ordering lentil soup from EVERY Mediterranean restaurant I go to and don't really want to spend $20 each time to do it.  AND IT'S ALL ABOUT ME.  

This time I decided to flip the script and go with the combo plate which came with several of the aforementioned delicious falafel, a healthy serving of hummus, some Beef and Chicken Shawarma, a side salad, and one piece of pita for $13.99.   Frustration point #2.  REALLY?  One piece of Pita?  With the huge amount of hummus they provided with the combo plate I really expected several.   For a comparison of my favorite Mediterranean choice, Hedary's provides 3-4 pieces of Pita for each and every lunch special ordered (and a choice of soup or salad to boot!)    Mmmmm, hedary's lentil soup.....  Okay sorry, back on track.   For what it's worth, that one piece of Pita was fantastic.  Fluffy, delicious, and perfect when dipped into the hummus (which I found to be a good version) or when used as a pocket for stuffing falafel and/or beef/chicken in it.  I REALLY could have used a few more, particularly for $13.99.   The beef and chicken shawarma had a really nice flavor from whatever marinade they are soaked in, though the meat did seem a little dry/overcooked.  The side salad was neglected by me like a red-headed stepchild which is the norm and nothing against Amena.  

Lastly I also ordered some of the homemade lemonade which I just saw Nelson mention is blended with mint.   I actually would have liked something to mention this fact on either the menu board or when I ordered it because I think I would have much preferred it plain.   It was decent even with it, but I'm not a big mint in drink guy.  

On pure taste of the food I had today, I'd give it 4 stars as the Pita, Falafel, Hummus and Shawarma all hit the spot.  Docking it down to a 3 based on the previous Lentil soup experience and for not being an overall good value in my opinion with the skimping of pita and pricey lentil soup.   If only I were rich Amena, if only I were rich....
Great price, tasty food! Gyro & chicken. I literally came here 3 days straight to eat around the area. Big bang for your buck. 

Located in Trader Joe's plaza. Grab some grub when you buy grocery.
Amazing homemade, fresh lemonade.  Awesome falafel.
Delicious!
I am so upset right now that I can barely write this. 

Being a loyal customer since day one and recommending Amena to both family and friends I thought my business meant something to the owner. I, at the very least, thought that my loyalty would buy me honesty. I was wrong. 

A couple of hours ago I went into Amena to get some tabbouleh. Rosie prepared it. When I got home and tasted it, it was FANTASTIC!!! It was so good that I decided to go back and get another batch. 

The owner was there and when I told him how good that Rosie made it, he told me that everyone makes it exactly the same. I replied that it was not exactly true. I've had it many times when it had way to much lemon, to little of this or to much of that. However, Rosie's was perfect and I asked him to please let her make it for me. He agreed. I went around the corner to see it being made and to my disappointment and surprise, he was making it. I told him that I wanted to try it before I paid $12.00 for a large. Sure enough it was loaded with lemon and I told him so. He said he'd retry. Second attempt; just as bad. 

He justified his lie by saying that Rosie was preparing another customer's dinner. I informed him that since I made a special trip to get more of Rosie's tabbouleh I would have been more than happy to wait for her to finish with her customers. 

Let's break this down. Over arrogance and dishonesty the owner lost a loyal customer that has been patronizing and recommending Amena to many, many people since literally day one. That's the definition of stupidity. I'm also posting this on Yelp and any other review sites that I can. 

I'll now give all of my business to Afandi on West Charleston. It's closer to my house anyway.
Wow, Very good, well priced.  You can't go wrong, there's delicious middle eastern food and desert.  I love the pastries.  Try a Turkish coffee.
I have eaten this type of cuisine all over the world. From the Middle East to the Gulf States to India and even in my home town of NYC.  This is as good as it gets.  

First of all, the home baked pita is very authentic, not your run of the mill dried out sandwich pocket. It is light, airy and moist.  Worth checking this place out just for the pita. It will re-define what you thought Pita Bread is.

When it comes to Middle Eastern food, I have 3 items the tell me if we are in for an authentic experience or not. Baba Ghanoush... it should have the taste of the fire roasted skin of the eggplant.  Bingo!  Houmous, a delicate back drop of tahina and lemon on the tongue. Bingo!  And finally, the Harissa, it should be fiery but you can taste the flavor of the pimento as well.  Bingo!!!  

The owner's neice, Shada was a very comely and sweet young lady that took care of us.  The owner's family are Palestinians that grew up in the Israeli town of Nazareth. So there is a mixing of the two cultures in a world peace sort of way.  We had found this balance when we traveled to Israel and spoke with Palestinians who lived inside Israel.  Not to get off on a rant, but it shows that there could be peace if folks would just sit down and start eating together. 

If someone's ear isn't accustomed to differences between Arabic and Hebrew they could easily mistake this place for an Israeli owned cafe.  They both kosher and Halall meats.  

This place is about 2 to 3 miles west of the strip.  But worth the drive to get away from the maddening noise of the casinos and sit down to a home cooked ethnic meal.  And as long as you made the drive out to the westside of town, they share a parking lot with Trader Joes.  And who doesn't need snacks in their hotel room.

Before I forget, their pastries were delicious, my favorite was the baklava.
Amena Bakery confused me a little. I sampled quite a selection of their menu and I was left with some "mmm" (good) sounds and "hmmm..." (bad) sounds coming out of me with different items. I do know this, though - everything there is hand-made on-site. Their recipes, their way.

I'll just open with a positive note - the falafel is great. Probably one of my favorites in the city. It isn't too dry, is green (yes, this is a positive to me), and tasty. It isn't overly fried either. This was nice.

Everything else was generally on the "this is ok" scale. The salad was a decent salad. The tabbouleh was a bit too lemony and dry. The hummus was hummus. The tahini sauce on the table was essentially straight tahini. The shawarma was not the flavor I was expecting - but let me elaborate on that. Both the chicken and beef shawarma were heavily over-spiced. Like... coated, thick. If you love the flavor, great. However, it is my opinion that good meat doesn't require a jacket made of spices.

Now, the really bad. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) were an abomination to all things wrapped in leaves. Seriously, avoid them at all costs. Imagine a thin row of rice wrapped tightly, many times, with a grape leaf and cooked to perfect dryness. They look like they were run through a vacuum sealer. I can't imagine why this would be. They were like dark green worms on a plate. The place itself was sub-par. It's just a place they moved into and left alone. Time travel back to the 80's.

If you're craving food from the mid-east, I can't say I recommend this place for anything but some decent falafel sandwiches.
Awesome place to eat the food is amazing and I too k a picture of it is absolutely fantastic best hummus, gyro, authentic bakery with their own fluffy pitas and sweets to die for.  

Price is very cheap for the quality.  I found it from my casino host whom said they order from them to cater for their high end guests.

I am a picky eater and normally don't yelp, but this place is worth it.
Great middle eastern deli with several vegetarian choices.  Very inexpensive and extremely friends staff.  Baklava is a must.
Every time I come to Vegas, I MUST eat here. This is probably the best food I've ever eaten and the hot sauce is AMAZING. Better than sriracha and not too spicy.  You will leave satisfied.

Try the combo plates and make sure you get the baklava. The staff are the friendliest I've ever met and always excited to help make your first visit one to remember.
WOW! I just happened to be hungry and wandered into this amazing little place! 

I bought the fresh baked pita bread - yummy, the hummus - very good, and the most delicious baklava I have ever tasted in my entire life! 

Go. Get. It.
Some of the best tabouli in town. Made fresh onsite by the owner!
Lots of lemon is the secret, I think...

They also have fresh baba ganoush and hummus and a place to sit and devour it all. the baklava ain't too shabby either. The place is not glamorous or fancy in the least bit. It's in a strip mall next to Trader Joes, but they get 5 stars just for the tabouli. Plus, the owner is a very nice man who always has a smile and pleasantries for you.
I found this place because of Yelp, and I'm so happy to be yelping about it.

I was at the hospital and literally yelped "healthy food" and searched the surrounding area and settled on this place due to high reviews.  It was easy enough to find; it's in the same plaza as Trader Joes.

There was only one person working in the front, but I did show up 30 minutes before closing time.  I ordered the lamb gyro.  She was nice enough to ask if it was okay to include all the ingredients, because that reminded me to ask for no onions.  I also ordered a chicken gyro, but unfortunately they were all out of chicken.  I asked for a recommendation, and she started explaining the falafel sandwich.  I was sold.

I took both to go.  It took about 5 mins for my food, just enough time to run to Trader Joe's and buy a bottle of wine.  Both items came out to ~$16.

I had the falafel sandwich.  It was really delicious, clean, and surprising light.  I wasn't ridiculously full afterwards.  I did feel like ALL the ingredients were really strong though.  The falafel were falafelly spiced by themselves, the hummus was very strong, and even the dressed greens were super strong in flavor alone.  All together, everything created a party in my mouth, and my mouth was happy.  I would highly recommend a strong mint afterwards though if you're eating in the restaurant (especially if you come here on date night).

I can't wait to go back and try more items off their menu.  Despite their strong flavors, the food was really delicious, light, flavorful, and really reasonably priced.
I'm always on the hunt for good shawarma and falafels!  I was at csn searching for some nearby places to grab a bite.  The yelp app had turned up Amena bakery and deli.  I thought I'd give it a try.  The bakery is located in the same parking lot as trader joes. 

Upon walking inside I was greeted by the nice cashier.  I placed my order of one chicken shawarma sandwich and my brother had the falafel plate.  The chicken shawarma comes with your choice of veggies and hummus inside. The server, Miriam brought it out to us.  She was very pleasant and was very good at checking up on us.

At the end of our meal we had baklava.  That really sealed the deal on this place!  The baklava was perfect. It was so tasty and didn't just taste like a bunch of sugar. 

I'm so glad my first experience went well.  From the food to the service, this place is definitely a place you should try,
Food was good.  Falafel was yummy :)  Super pleasant service-- they wanted to be sure we were happy with our food.  The fresh lemonade has LOTS of fresh mint in it... way too much for me. Baklava was good though :)
I think I died and went to heaven, and heaven has a name: It's Amena. 

I haven't had anything Mediterranean since I left Detroit about 2 years ago, mostly because there truly wasn't anywhere to get it in the places I've lived since then. I walked into Amena with high hopes because of good Yelp reviews and I was NOT disappointed. 

I had a chicken shawarma plate, falafel, lentil soup, and a couple of pastries (baklava and another that I really have no idea what it was, but it was delicious). Everything about it was perfect and just as I had remembered it should taste, and the falafel and baklava might have been the best I've ever tasted. The lentil soup was also exceptional! The staff are very welcoming and made my experience just that much sweeter; I could not have asked for a better local deli/restaurant! 

Run, don't walk, to Amena. You won't regret it.
Can I say that I love this place?   The owners are so nice.  You can tell that they love their business and their customers.  With that said, on to the food!

They use halal meat, which is important to some. (As I've Yelped halal in Vegas and haven't got any hits, I figured it should be noted.) On my next trip, I will check out the sandwiches, but this time around I had the combo plate and kibbeh balls.  Both were outstanding.  What I really loved was the hot sauce.  So tasty!  It reminds me of the flavor from Mamoun's in NYC but not quite as spicy.  It was love at first taste.  

The Turkish coffee was good but not the same as I've had in Jersey.  It didn't really have the grounds in the bottom, and I was given sugar on the side instead of it being sweetened during preparation.  I kind of found that to be strange, but I'm no expert on Turkish coffee.  The baklava and fig cookies were outstanding.

This is by far the best restaurant of this genre I've been to in Vegas.  In fact, I think I just talked myself into going back today.
Pretty good Pretty good.
Delicious and fresh. I have trouble deciding what to get because it all tastes good. They make their pita bread! Love this place.
Tried bfeef shawarma for the first.. yummy
This was my first time having a car in Vegas so we were able to enjoy where the locals eat, instead of mediocre tourist food that is provided on the strip at 5 star prices.  This place was amazing and a great bargain.   We were able to share the combo platter (beef and chicken schwarma, falafel, hummus, tabbouli, salad, baba ghanoush(sp?) and fresh baked pita bread) and and a bowl of their vegatable soup. This was plenty of food for two people. We also ordered their mint lemonade and asked for it to be less sweetened. Perfect combination to go with the savory flavors of the meal.  This will be a definite come back to restaurant for me whenever I am in Vegas.
If you are one of the poor souls who has suffered from the likes of Chobani or Fage Greek yogurts, now is the time to treat yourself to the real deal: Labneh. It is rich and creamy, so you will eat less and feel more satisfied. Amena's Labneh is less bitter than Greek yogurt available in grocery stores. So I pick up a tub of it along with fresh hummus or tabouli or baba ghanoush as part of my regular shopping routine after leaving Trader Joe's. 

Amena also serves a delicious and abundant Falafel plate that would feed me for two to three days--the plate is a healthy, fulfilling lunch or dinner. 

The date pasties are handmade by mom. And so even though I don't like dates (or pastries, really), I had to try them and thought, "Oh, these were the inspiration for the Fig Newton." They're worth trying.

The pita bread is exceptional. Overall, high quality foods, reasonable prices, nice people, great service. Amena caters, too.
Best baklava recipe i have ever had! and the fresh pita bread is so soft.
A hole in the wall that you would completely miss if you weren't in the plaza. Actually, you still might miss it if you were in the plaza. The sign isn't very noticeable, but it caught my eye because it listed some foods that they had. I am really glad that my boyfriend and I decided to check it out because we were not disappointed.

I have tried Baklava before, but I didn't care for it that much before. This place makes it just right. Not too sweet, which is how I like most of my pastries. 

My boyfriend was raving about the Shawarma, so we ordered the lamb Shawarma. It was wrapped in pita with veggies and yummy sauces. If you like spicy, definitely get the spicy sauce in your Shawarma! It is just the right amount of spice and tasty. 

I want to come back and try their Turkish coffee with Baklava of course!

The service was exceptional. Mariam (sorry if I spelled your name wrong!) was helpful with her suggestions and made very good conversation.
It's a place you wouldn't find unless you are looking for it. Amena is one of the best Mediterranean food I've had in vegas. If you're looking for a good falafel, shawarma, gyro, hummus, or just pita bread. Amena is the place to go.
Somehow when I found this restaurant on Yelp the 1st time, the reviews were like a year old.  I am glad to see these recent ones.  I am new to a few of these foods, but One bite and I'm Hooked!  This place is small, SO clean, and the waitress/owners very helpful and friendly. I bought the baklava and date cookies to go on  my first visit.  I don't like real sweet desserts and these were 'just right'. The date cookie my fav.  Back for dinner last night with my guy (Iraqi).  We shared the combo plate with chicken, beef, hummus, falafel, salad and pita (fresh, warm) bread. Also had a side of kibbeh balls and dolmades.  Everything I tasted was fantastic. Kibbeh is a new treat that I will place on a favorite list. For dessert we had the Kanaffe with walnuts, YUMMY. Every item was fresh, and delicious, and my guy said it was a 'great find' we can make a 'regular' spot for his favorites.  Yes it is next to Trader Joe's that I've gone to over the last 8 years or so and I never noticed this little gem.  What a pleasant discovery. **Oh, no pics ...sorry, the food was so wonderful we had it half eaten before I realized I should have taken pictures.  :0P  nom nom
Five stars, especially because I actually like the hummus (which I normally can't stand)! User photos steered me away from just getting a falafel and I couldn't have been happier with my #6 combo platter. I wasn't sure whether it came with pita, so I bought a bag of the super-soft ones sitting on a table next to a glass case of yummy-looking pastries. Smart move, as my meal came with only one. So for around $17, I walked out with enough food for three meals.  Not too shabby in my book. 

The falafels were damn near perfect - well-seasoned, crispy exterior. Three of the four included with my combo went on a pita with the pickles, salad and yogurt sauce. Heavenly.

The beef and chicken shwarma were nicely flavored, just maybe a tad dry. Nothing I couldn't fix with some sauce, and I did appreciate the good quality (and plentiful) portions. 

I will definitely return, again and again. Would love to get my hands on some of those desserts next time!
Had the combo plate... Huge amount of food and everything on it was incredible! Homemade pita bread is outta sight! Will be making this place my go to for Mediterranean!
By far my favorite place for Israeli/ mediterranean food!
The chicken shawarma and the falafel are amazing!! 
I always end up buying goodies to take home, like their homemade humus, babaganoush and their homemade baked on the spot pita bread is to die for!!
The owner is always there and is super nice.
If I lived closer I would eat there much more often.
Love, love this place! highly recommended.
food was fresh and authentic but way overpriced. owner was nice and so was girl behind counter will I be back maybe but only ordering food once you add in $2 drinks and $3 desserts the bill begins to rack up
Went to TJ's hungry and instead of picking up some of their prepared food to eat (E Coli outbreak) I decided to check this spot out. At first, the word 'Deli' had me excited for a sammie, but as I got closer I saw other signs for 'Shawarma' & 'Falafel'. Holy excitement. The place itself isn't much with just a few tables strewn about. One side has freshly made pitas lined up on a table and a case serving baked goods. The other side was the 'deli' section serving all sorts of Mediterranean delights. Beef, chicken, lamb shawarma, falafel, lentil soup, homemade hummus, etc..  

I scooped up a chicken shawarma plate ($11.99) which came with sides of hummus, a small salad and two pitas. There was certainly a good amount of food for the price and I walked away full. The salad was OK, typical Israeli style with lots of cukes. The chicken was moist, sliced nicely and had that wonderful  shawarma spice to it. The only knock is that it was wayyyyy over salted. Highlight of the dish was the hummus. . Shawarma, earmuffs!.... I knocked back two fantastic pitas in that hummus. So good.  Def stop by if you dig the Mediterranean meats vibe.
I returned today and can't believe it took me three months to do so! Still blown away by the food (that I will be eating for the next day or two since there's so much:) and the fast, friendly service. Loving the #6 combo and some extra pita bread for good measure but I HAVE to try some of the other dishes I spied while I was over there today.
This place is amazing!!!  We tried a little bit of everything and I was not disappointed with anything that we ordered.  The lemonade is sooo good its ridiculous.  And the owner Amer is so nice and friendly.  He checked on us a couple times to make sure that everything was great.  Definetly going to be going back often!!
It was ok. Expected the gyro to have more flavor and be WARMER. Really average food, and kind of spendy for the average quality.
Stopped by with a craving for shawarma and was served amazing beef shawarma, great falafels, and the best baklava I've ever had by the extremely friendly owner. I'll definitely be coming back for more! I regret not buying some of the baklava to go, but that gives me something to look forward to next time.
Great place... The food was super great... We easily dropped 50.00 in this place... We didn't regret it!!! The girl at in the front was very accommodating and made us feel like regulars! We're only in town for one more week but we will be back before we leave!
This was a venture that wasn't as good as I'd hoped. Especially after reading all the love that has been posted by fellow Yelpers.

While I admit the food was good, I really can't justify the prices when compared to other mom & pop places that serve similar food.

The most memorable and interesting item I had was the Lemonade that was a bizarre concoction that would be best described as a Mediterranean Orange Julius. It was foamy and limey and had a taste of Cilantro. Liked it, but was wierded out at the same time.

The Lamb Gyros were decent. The sauce really, really thick & tangy. What little there was. A little skimping on the veggies, but the meat was tender enough. And what is it with Middle Eastern & Mexican places where they want to serve a paltry smatter of lettuce leaves and tomatoes and call it a salad?!

I was given a piece of  baklava as a sample when the girl at the counter asked if I knew what it was. I replied that I had only heard about Baklava thirty tears ago, so maybe. She took my deadpan as gospel as thought she would let me try it. It was very nutty and lacking in honey or density. Three bites and your done. But the most nutty one I've had.

Ask for napkins before you sit down or you will have them forgotten for a few trips back and forth. The seating is nothing to write home about, so no points for dcor. I will admit they were attentive to get your order, but less so once they did.

Big props for being located next to Amber Unicorn and in the Trader Joe shopping center. Though I feel that the prices and ambiance don't justify but the occasional trip. So go if you're getting your book hunting on, but don't go to far out of your way.
Love this place. Really clean and service was great, and the people who work here are incredibly nice. The man who works here even offered a free desert since it was my first time there but I was so full after, I didn't take him up on it. Their prices are totally reasonable and the food was yummy. I had a falafal plate and the portions were huge. I would definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for falafal.
Loved this place. A little pricey but well worth it. The owner is really nice and did his best to make sure that we had everything we needed. They ended up misunderstanding our order as we had a party of five and they thought we ordered  five combo plates when we really ordered four. But we told them we would go ahead and take the extra one which they gave us at a discount so that was nice. The hummus was probably the creamiest I ever had, maybe due to extra tahini, which means extra calories but well worth it. And the pitas were home made and like little pita pillows, so soft and tasty. I bought extra to take home. Also, the gave us as many pitas as we wanted without charge while we were eating! The portion size of the combo plate is pretty big and two people could share it. Also, one person in our party ordered mint lemonade, minus the mint, they brought it out with mint in it and she asked them for just the lemonade, they brought her a new one without mint with no complaints or questions asked. Also, they give you little olives and other pickled goods while you wait.
Super fresh food and welcoming helpful service. I got the veggie plate, an extra bag of their fresh made pitas, baklava that was delicious and fresh from the oven, and their wonderful mint lemonade, and fresh guava juice, both not overly sweet which I appreciated greatly.  They answered all my questions gave me samples of things to make sure I liked them, and helped me get all my stuff to the car. Loved it, and so did everyone I shared it with!
We love it here!
Very cute spot. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helped me with my difficult order. She was patient and checked on us several time to be sure we had everything we needed. Customer service was excellent without seeming like they were imposing. Loved the hummus and I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!
Upgrade to a four after a revisit. The good qualities were amplified and the bad minimized.

Sometimes a place doesn't really grab you the first time. Some get worse, some get better. I must say I'm happier this time around. The crew today at lunch was much better and more attentive than the last visit. The service was more helpful ( and just before a lunch onslaught ) and the food was still quite good. 

Still think they could add some chairs and tables though. When it gets crowded, it gets a little uncomfortable space-wise and a bit chaotic.

I did notice people coming in for just pita. Having it fresh, it was easy to figure why. Fluffy and flavorful. I might do the same some time soon.

So count me in when I hit this area of town. It works well since I frequent the bookstore two stores down. I think I'm gonna like this place.
Very good service but the food is better!  All made from scratch.  Will be back very soon.  Portions are large.
GREAT customer service.  Maria at the counter really sets the bar. Very friendly and accommodating. 

Mint lemonade- So refreshing, a must (5 stars)

lentil soup- Delish, perfectly seasoned (5 stars)

Falafel- BEST IN TOWN ( 5 stars ) 

kunaffe with cheese- a little too sweet for me at first, but the butter and cheese cut through it the more you chew. (4 stars)  

Kibbeh- My husband says Some of the best he's had (5 stars)

I wasn't too impressed with the combo platter/hummos but with everything else being so delicious, we'll definitely be back!
We came here based on yelp reviews, since we were visiting from out of town. The staff was patient with us, helpful and kind. The place is very clean, small and intimate and bright. The food is amazing!! Everything is fresh and tastes homemade. We're a mixture of vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters and everyone is well fed and happy. Every time we come back to Vegas to visit we will be stopping by :)
The food here, for me, is "5 Stars". The service was a bit disorganized...only 3 tables of people eating when we were there, but the person serving the food got every order wrong. If you are patient though, you will get some great mideastern yumminess. The schwerma plates had enough for two meals. The standouts for us were the hummus...the creamiest I've ever had! The fresh lemonade with mint. (Drank 4 glasses!) Amena makes pita bread to die for. We also took home very large flatbreads that were like lavosh only moister. On another trip there I got some of their pastries and liked those too, though they weren't the best I've ever had (not enough filling). When I'm craving schwerma, hummus, or fresh pita in Las Vegas though, this is the place to go. (And it's not a very long taxi ride from the Strip, for you visitors.)
Best middle eastern restaurant in Vegas [period]

Friendly and attentive staff, delicious food made fresh from scratch. Feel this is highly underrated /not as popular as it deserves to be due to the location.
A great place to grab a bite. The Gyros I had was great. Right next to Trader Joe's so you can get your shopping in as well. Very friendly & helpful staff. You will enjoy the Mediterranean sweets as well.
Love everything about this place . We're going tomorrow to pick up their fresh in house pitas!! Once you try their pitas you will never want to have them any place else. The owner is so nice and remembers us every time we come back. Makes us feel so welcome. Awesome place
Well the other reviews were right! The Hummus is outstanding!!I I had the sampler plate with chicken and beef schawarma, falafel, pita, hummus and salad and it was a lot of food. I took 1/2 home for later!! Very authentic and delicious.
Came by for the chicken shwarma plate, as recommended by our famous and fearless CM, Drew. I ordered takeout after visiting the bookstore next door, and it was a relatively short wait for my order: about 10 minutes.

Pricing was a little on the high side: got the chicken shwarma plate with two pitas and sides of cucumber salad and hummus ($12) plus a beef kibbeh ($2), bringing my with-tip total to around $15 for one for take out. A bit steep, but food was quality.

Came home to enjoy, and it was still piping hot, which was a good sign.
Chicken was well seasoned and moist, pita was soft and warm and didn't harden as at other places. Hummus had a good consistency and texture and was not chalky but was somewhat bland. Cucumber salad was standard. Would consider getting it again.
The kibbeh was a small fried ball of beef and onion for $2- probably a decent price for it but not worth getting, IMO. Didn't have much flavor and just didn't stand out at all.

Service while in store was good- they friendly and polite. They have a deli counter with various salads, a pastry case with desserts, and a few random grocery items scattered about without prices. To the bottom right of the menu, there's a specials board: the open face eggplant sandwich is new and sounds like it might be tasty. Will be keeping this place in mind next time I need lunch after the bookstore, or want a quick-fix to my shwarma cravings.
I pass by this place daily and decided to finally give it a try. I picked up the beef shwarwama and I don't think it was worth the nearly $10 it costs. The meat was mediocre and rather bland. Everything is pretty pricey, but I think for "Mom and Pop" places, that's expected.
Awesome food, great price.
Try the dessert
Hands down best pita bread I've ever had , you can just eat it by itself so delicious ! Katiaf are very good , service  is friendly ... Many vegan / vegetarian options :)
I don't really know what I was eating, but it was definitely delicious. Walked over here after grocery shopping at trader joes and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious authentic middle eastern food. The owner was super friendly and made the experience great. I would eat here again.
Our first dining experience in Vegas. Exactly what we needed - delicious and authentic food, super friendly service, welcoming environment. The grape leaves were mouth watering, the pita was fresh made, the baklava was delicious. Definitely get food from here at least once.
Everything was prepared fresh and the  shawarma and gyros were tender and flavorful. The grape leaves are the best I've ever had. However, the grilled chicken was rather dry but beautifully presented. The yoghurt is the best in town!! Make sure you order the fresh lemonade with mint, perfect for summer. Overall, homemade Mediterranean, so healthy!!
Great food and service. My family love eating here. It's heaven if you are from the Middle East. The owner and staff treat everyone great. We are Israelis and they are Arabic I believe and if everyone acted in the middle east the was they do at this place we would have peace in the middle east. Wish they had a six star option :)
I have been looking for another authentic Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas and finally... I found this place! I have been craving some authentic food since I had some of the best ones in DC!

Food:
Veggie Platter- it came with falafels, hummus, baba ganoush and veggie salad stuff (forgot what they call it).. amazing! their hummus is so good with chick peas on the side. It came with fresh, warm pita and you can eat it however you want. I put the falafel and the toppings inside the pita to eat and it's sooo fresh, healthy and delicious! 

Grape leaves- The grape leaves and rice came out warm and fresh! it was good.. tasted like every grape leaves rice dish.

Grilled chicken hummus platter- the grilled chicken was so juicy!!! I love how they grilled it and the flavors they put with it. It came with rice and hummus on the side.

Carrot juice- so refreshing!!!

The platter sizes are pretty reasonable. It's more than enough to get you full for the rest of the day! However, it is a bit pricey. Everything is between $10-25 per item. I have been to cheaper places, but I guess you can say you are paying for the quality. Will I be back? Of course but only when I want to splurge!
Zero atmosphere,  yet friendly,  clean and a dozen or more vegetarian/vegan options. My falafel is absolutely delicious and the pita is freshly baked. ...I am taking a few home to make lunch sandwiches this week.
This is most definitely an authentic mediterranean place . amazing home cooking food taste , great variety of food . friendly and polite staff . very clean place . quality quality quality . happy i found this place . i wish they had another location in Henderson to save me the 20 min drive . Highly recommended .
An island of fresh and real food from the middle east.We found it by coincidence and were very positively surprised as the place does not look very inviting from outside. The lentil soup was like the one my grandma used to do, the pita freshly baked , amazing humus and the pitas with tasty fresh ingredients. The deserts  are very authentic and the "knafe" tasted better than in Nazareth. We were with our kids and the staff is very helpful and friendly.The only downside is that the exterior atmosphere is very simple.
I think we made our first visit to this restaurant on March 21st 2008 at about 6 p.m... I can not really comment on the interior of this place as we sat outside. It was a wonderful temp with the orange blossoms giving off a fantastic fragrance. 

We ordered;

I had the stewed lamb shank in tomato saffron sauce served with basmati rice. All the flavours were there. I enjoyed it as is but suggest it be served a bit warmer.
My sister had the Combination of filet mignon and Koobideh kebob served with basmati rice. She also enjoyed her food but too found the temp off.
My mate had a mixture of ground beef, minced onions and seasoning, skewered and grilled to perfection
on a bed of basmati rice he too enjoyed his food but again the temp was not as it should be. So since the temp was not spot on I can only think the food sat for a bit before being served. We all shared a colorful plate of fresh cut mint, basil, Radish with Feta cheese along with some hummus and pita..       

All of the food had good flavour and was enjoyed just not as hot as it should have been. 

The wait person was a nice young man. He obviously has never been trained as a waiter, I am sure he will do much better if given some instruction assuming there is someone there that can do such.

The cook/chef should not stand on the sidewalk next to the restaurant smoking and spitting in view of the clients. Not appetizing at all.
Nice variety on menu for lunch and dinner.  The chicken salad/wrap is delicious along with burgers, soups, hummus and other choices.  Seems to be a favorite for morning breakfasts and coffee, especially out on the patio.  I saw a sign for a night with a belly dancer there too.   Very nice owner and good local place.  I think I saw it can be delivered by the youbuywefly.com delivery service group too.
Service took forever! It was a quiet Sunday afternoon with people at only 3 other tables. Why did it take 25 minutes to get 2 sandwiches out? My husband had ordered a refill on his soda before we started to eat and it didn't come out until after he was done eating. The sodas were flat when we got themm AND they charged the full amount for a refill on the soda. The food was OK but not really worth the wait. It seemed like a ripoff too. close to $30 bucks for 2 kebab sandwiches, no sides were included, and 3 (should have only been charged for 2) sodas. I would not come here again...
How did it take me so long to learn about this place?!!  If you are looking for a really comfortable, casual place to grab GOOD food, check this place out.  The food is outstanding!  The lamb is juicy, succulent, hot....perfect seasonings.  I cannot wait to go back in the cooler months and sit outside.  Seems family friendly, although our booth was situation up against a wall of bottles of alcohol so if you have the kiddos, avoid that table!  It seems as though they also offer coffee drinks in the mornings, as they have a coffee bar towards the back of the restaurant.  I will have to check their coffees out next time.  The server was VERY friendsly, perhaps a bit too much for my table of four and our ongoing conversation but it was fine.  She was excellent in informing us about the belly dancing shows and to please come back for dinner sometime. My answer: Yes I will!!
I love this restaurant! My favorite dishes are the Koobideh kebobs or shrimp kebobs with saffron rice. They also have live entertainment such as belly dancing and bands. They even have a hookah bar! I personally love the ambiance and decor in the restaurant.
Nice atmosphere and delicious food - but a bit pricey for what you get. We ordered the mix appetizer plate ($12) and the lamb kabob plate ($12-$15 can't quite remember). The mix plate came with hummus, grape leaves, tzatiki and an eggplant dip (not baba ghounosh though - slightly different dish). Everything was great - really good flavor, but once again would expect more food for the price - especially compared to other middle eastern places around the valley. 
Same thing was true with the lamb dish - lamb had great flavor and was really tender, but only got a single kabob and rice. There was no salad/soup/side with the dish. Generally at other mid eastern restaurants, I'll have enough left to take a to go box for the next day but not here. 
We'll probably go again to try some of the other dishes - they had lamb shank but were out last night. Hoping some of the other dishes come with a bit more.
I bought a gift certificate for AJ's on restaurant.com so I came here one night to try it out with a friend. Walking in, the atmosphere is pretty decent. It's clean and is decorated more like a cafe.

We started with the hummus, which was mediocre. Then we ordered the big mixed grill plate which included grilled chicken, kabob, and filet mignon. I was somewhat disappointed that it was the only option on the menu that had a mixture of grills, but it didn't include lamb. The filet was tough and not very tasty. The kabob was pretty decent, and the best meat was the chicken which is usually my least favorite. Overall, I thought the food was okay at best. The price seems over-priced for the quality and quantity of what you're getting.

Service was friendly, which was a big redeeming factor, as well as the fact that they have hookahs even though we didn't try it.

It wasn't a bad experience but I wouldn't go back there. I'll have to try other places in the Valley and see how they compare. I would of course take my review with a grain of salt because the last time I had this genre of food was in the Middle East, which was simply amazing and I don't know how I'm going to find anything as good in the states.
Overpriced, underserved and ignorant.

AJ's charges the same prices as The Persian Room, but serves a laughable portion of sub-par food. 

The koobideh was too stiff and too salty. The barg (filet mignon) was tolerable. The joojeh kabob (chicken breast) wasn't even seasoned with saffron or citrus. These guys are doing it wrong.

To top it all off, the server suggested I get an extra side of rice because "it's the best part, and our rice servings are kinda small." Dude, rice is cheap. If it's so good and you know it's a small serving, MAKE IT BIGGER. I'm paying $16 for lunch, you can afford another cup of rice.

Anyway, our server admitted never having tried Persian food outside of AJ's, which should have been a huge red flag. He also had a rather dopey, unaffected personality that really didn't add to the experience.

Neither did the light rock radio station playing in the background. Could you buy some Googoosh CDs, please?

With places like The Persian Room and Tasty Kabob, there's no reason to visit AJ's.
I came here during the Litchfield Park arts & culinary festival. I was seated by a young girl who apparently didnt tell anyone so I was then accused of sneaking in & seating myself! The waitstaff was then rude & innattentive to me. One of them was apologetic but I dont think i'll be back.
Delicious!  The first time I had it, I didn't love it...the second time I tried their food turned me around.  Really...really good and the owner has such a great demeanor about him.  Two dollar Tuesday...great deal! 
 Cheery, friendly and they give military discounts.  

You have to love any company that supports the military!!!!
We made the drive to Harem and were really impressed upon walking in.  There are cool lights hanging from the ceiling, Middle Eastern music playing, and plush, comfortable couches, inside and on the patio.  It had all the makings for a relaxing night of smoking hookah.

It didn't take very long for us to decide we were never coming back.  In fact, I'd say it took about an hour.  

That's because we received our hookah *one hour* after sitting down at our table.  It was a Saturday night, and only one employee was working when we got there.  It didn't seem like a big deal, as there were only 1-2 other tables occupied.

Fast-forward 10 minutes, and the place gets slammed.  Within 30 minutes, nearly every table around us was full.  

We watched, first concerned, then amused, then downright upset as everyone around us received hookahs (several tables who had arrived half an hour after we did got served before us).

When our hookah finally arrived, the man muttered something along the lines of "sorry, there was a problem."

If you want people to come back to your establishment, you 1) need to provide good service.  If you don't provide good service, you should 2) make an effort to win back the customer.

Neither one of these things happened at Harem.  I'll add it to the list of hookah lounges we won't be visiting again.

One more thing:  a bottle of water and a hookah came to $23.  For that price, I'd expect a lot better.
Major points for having one of the most wicked cool ambiences of any hang out sort of place I've ever been in. Very cool.
Major deductions for crappy service, drink purchasing requirements (and frequently being out of the drink you order), and rules limiting when you can sit in the balcony area.
The sheesha itself has been of varying quality.
If you want hookah, you're better off going to Tempe instead.
Sexy, sexy, bo-bexy.  

This place is gorgeous inside.  Drenched in red light spilling from ornate lamps dangling on chains from the lofted celing and dark enough to make me pretty.  *blink, blink*  The loft sounds just wonderful, but i dont actually know what it's like because they've NEVER LET ME SIT UP THERE even though i've never seen anyone else up there either.

As for service... I've gotta agree that it's not particularly friendly - though I wondered if it was part of the authentic experience to simply treat me like the lesser half of my male companion.  I'm half middle eastern.  If you can't tell by my nose (and to be fair - many can't), you can definitely tell by the last name on my credit card.  so when I politely ask about your americanized name, confirm its middle eastern origins, and hazard a guess as to the meaning (which i looked up later on and i was right, dammit)... there's really no reason to scowl at me and treat me like i've spoken to you without permission.  

The drinks are so/so but I always like the hookahs there a lot.  Good flavor may be worth the price... particularly the last time, when I got a surprising buzz after about 15 minutes.
Reading the other reviews they have it right! The decor is really cool! I love all of the lanterns and red lights, really nice and very gothic! I think of all the hookah places I have been, this one takes the cake with the decor.
The service on the other hand could use a lot of work. Not once did the guy, only guy, come by to change the coals or ask if we needed anything. Once we got our hookah (black grape, very nice) and our chai tea (very yum) we never saw him again. I am used to fresh coals and some attention.
I would go back, but I will learn to be more demanding? Like bring new coals! WFT? Why should one have to ask for that in a hookah place?
Over all, I would go back and I would recommend it. BUT Don't be shy!
It pains me to review a place with one star, especially when it is locally owned and the owner is easily accessible by working in the establishment.  That being said, I am pleased to offer my one-star review for Harem.

This place starts out very intriguing.  The ambiance looks phenomenal, a very dark place with a great patio that faces hoards of middle school kids killing time on a Friday night.  I've strangely found that every time I go there, the music gets cranked up about 15 notches to the point where conversation becomes extremely difficult...not a good aspect of a hookah bar.

From there it gets worse.  The hookah is very expensive (especially compared to some of my local Tempe joints, and on top of that, there is a one drink minimum.  However, the way that you are notified about this is ridiculous.  My group ordered three coffees, a latte, and five waters.  When we were brought five $4 Voss water bottles, we were a little surprised.  Upon inquiring, we were informed that coffee doesn't count as a drink, and rather than ask what our one drink would be, we were brought extremely overpriced water.

It gets worse.  Our coffee took about 25 minutes to be delivered, our charcoal was changed one time, and although the owner apologized for 'the mess,' there was no attempt to rectify it and put us in a position where we wanted to come back.

My advice would be as follows,

1.  Hire more staff if it takes more than 10 minutes to get a cup of coffee on a table
2.  Turn the damn music down
3.  Make a one drink minimum for people who aren't dropping $25 on average sheesha
4.  Use the proceeds from the $4 waters to put a lock on the bathroom door!!

Unless I see that there are some drastic changes I will not be returning to Harem.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon to meet a friend, about 3:30pm. The place was completely empty, except for a couple sitting outside. 

It's great weather so my friend, who already had a starbucks, takes a seat outside as I go into to order an espresso drink. 

As I walk up the employee (possibly owner/manager) is clearly checking out my friend outside, very distracted. I order a coffee and receive a robotic reply, "Lattes or Mochas" and hands me a menu. As I try to order again he interrupts me saying that "there is no outside beverages allowed" in reference to my friend. I let him know I'm ordering something but he insists that even so, my friend can't have his coffee. 

We leave and walk over to Vincent's (two stores over, a nice Pizza place), where they have no problem with me ordering a drink there and us relaxing outside. 

No business + a bad review all over a simple coffee.
I haven't been to a hookah bar in years and every time I walk by Harem's I think to myself, this looks like the coolest place ever! I took a chance, my girlfriend and I took a seat outside and after waiting a good 5 or 10 minutes someone comes to help us. I ask for a hookah and a couple drinks, apparently she isn't responsible for the drinks so an older guy comes to the table checking Id's, no big deal, but this is when the fun starts.. I'm quizzed on everything from my address, hair color, weight and whatever else he felt like asking, I'm 29 and have NEVER had this happen but I go along with it. He then turns to my girlfriend (29 also) and does the same thing and eventually denies us service! I have never had this happen to me! 

I suppose I should be thankful because I walked over to Ra after and had a fantastic night but I will never go back to Harem's.
Hmmmm lets see where we start with this one! :)

The decor is good as many have pointed out. But as far as the rest of the night goes....I'm at a loss of words. If I were an award winning writer, I might have found the words to express the Sat night we spent at this joint---but I'm not....but a comic tale this is for sure.

We get greeted horribly to a one drink minimum even before we sat at our table.

Waiters(2 of them) come by to ask us about what we want, but no one brings anything out for a good 10-15 mins. 

Finally the owner comes to charm us, suckers me to a drink that he wanted me to have...so I go with it....no worries.

Umpteen attempts to get the heater working fall on deaf ears--till finally the owner tell us that is nice and chilly out---why would we want the heater anyways? :) He does however warn us that the gas cylinders are empty---but we could try our luck to see if they light up :)

We are asked to order drinks, hookahs etc...everything we ask for isnt there.....so we compromise and order something. After we order, every employee of this establishment comes to take our order again---to remind us of the one drink minimum and that we need to order! Finally things started to roll out and get funnier for the night. 

We get some strawberry looking drinks that we didnt ask for and we ask the waiter to bring us the smoothies we had ordered---she goes back and tells us--those we cant make so have these instead! :) Oh and that mint hookah we ordered---after smoking it for 5 mins---didnt smell any mint---so we ask of course---yup NOT MINT! .....they didnt have any so they made us some strawberry watermelon mix that they thought we might like?

Man I could go on and on--one after the other---we just sat around ordering things to see what would actually come to us!

Food we ordered didnt show up.
Drinks we ordered didnt show up.
Hookah we ordered didnt show up.

Everything we didnt order--showed up!
If for no other reason---go here just to see how bad it can be.
I rather enjoyed this place.  Owner is totally cool dude and was kind to have remembered me from my one visit months ago - impressive indeed.  The atmosphere is really really interesting.  Really chill obviously :)  I'm not a big hookah smoker, but enjoy it every now and then.  I've notice a lot of people complained about the price...okay..sure.  I say you pay for the location and ambience of the place.  Definitely a return for me :)
Do NOT go here if you like having good service and drinks that don't cost a ridiculous amount of money. We went on a saturday around midnight, we were seated fairly quickly but after that everything when downhill. It took them a half hour to get us a Hookah and even longer to get our drinks...well some of our parties drinks. We had to ask two-three times for others. 

Our friend ordered a blue moon, 15 minutes later when she still hadn't gotten it she managed to flag down a waitress, only to be told that they were out. The manager then came over and proceeded to talk her into buying a martini, of course they didn't tell her their martinis cost $17! It was a really bad martini too. A long Island is $10, an iced coffee with 2 shots of Kahlua is 18.50! The drinks were small and not very strong. They also only served 2 items on their menu, which makes me wonder why they even bothered giving us one. 

 Their hookah is very expensive. Don't be fooled by their 3+ people for $25 with 2 free refills. The first bowl you get counts as a refill, then you get 1 real refill after that. 

The bathroom is also filthy, co-ed and the lock on the door is broken. 

The only cool thing about this place is the decor, and it's not nearly good enough to make up for the shitty service and overpriced...everything.
For reference i went to this place Wednesday june 30th at 11pm. Where should i start with this place? First, extremely pricey and 1 drink per person minimum. Three drinks and one hookah is $42.00. second, right away service wad horrible, drinks took 20 minutes to reach our table and that is after checking on them twice just to find out the kid who was making the drinks just left them in the blender and walked upstairs to chat up two girls that I guess he was more interested in than helping paying customers. ( mind you this was at 11pm on Wednesday with only one other couple there at the time so it's not like the  kid was busy).  So that being said the hookah actually took even LONGER than the drinks about 35 mins to be exact. And after delivering the hookah it became very harsh within 4 mins of sampling it. When we went to go ask the kid at the front to fix it we found him smoking what seemed to be (and smelled like marijuana) upstairs with his little gfs. We at this point were so upset that he was not helping us at all that we demanded a refund in which he said he couldn't even give us even though we did not even touch the hookah. The kids name is Blake. Or at least that's the name he gave us lol. But I would never recommend this place and would honestly love to give it negative stars If possible. Good luck getting any kind of service here. And if you get a kid named Blake on Wednesday night good luck getting anything you ordered.
30 seconds in this posh place, and I was already excited. They had a coffee bar, the most awesome assortment of bottled beverages I've seen in ANY hookah bar, and the atmosphere--oh my, is it lavish.

It was a trap!

 $15 for a one hose hookah ties the priciest I've ever paid. Wait, what's that? It's $20 just because it's a Saturday night? Now you're pushing it. Well, at least I can split the cost with my friends. Four people to a hookah will be alright, I suppose. A cover charge, you say? Five dollars for each of my friends who didn't order a hookah? Alright, now we're up to $35 for four of us to share a one hose.

But the nickel-and-diming doesn't end there. You'll also be required to purchase a drink. No hard feelings about the drink itself--the introduction to sparkling Voss ($4) was welcome. But to pay for that after the cover...isn't that a little extreme for a hookah bar?

After shelling out what felt like a ripoff, I was still ready to have my mind blown by this place. Too bad I didn't even get to sit on the second floor! I asked, and received no reason why it couldn't be done when my party was the only one in the building. If you ever have the misfortune of coming here, you'll see why that's a big deal--the second floor is the coolest little balcony you'll ever see at at a hookah bar.

So I finally get the hookah. It looked like an expensive piece, but I was displeased to see instant light coals (low quality) sitting on top. I huffed and I puffed, but could barely muster one iota of smoke. After sucking ash, I complained to the waitress, who was almost clueless about what to do.

15 minutes later, I got my hookah back. It smoked alright...too bad they used the cheapest shisha. Why charge so much when you use such a low quality product? 

I can barely even call Harem a hookah bar. I think that's just a front. It's a place to sip coffee and Voss in style, that just happens to serve subpar hookahs on the side. It's the most expensive place of its kind, yet has the worst quality I have ever encountered. One star is too much, and I may never go again...unless they let me smoke on the second floor.
I like this place.
I like that it has a real bar, and neat-O light up menus, and cool ambiance.

Yes, it's like 2x's more expensive than the Tempe places.
But I will gladly pay it, becuase of what I listed above :)
I HATE this place and let me tell you why. It's right down the street from my boyfriend's house so we decided to go check it out for my first hookah experience. When we got there, they were out of mostly all of the flavors and had no idea when they'd be getting more. Whatever. We settled on one they did have in stock and then were forced to get drinks. Like seriously, no sodas?? Just expensive bottled water and smoothies. So we get the smoothies. There's no smoking inside or on the 2nd floor (even though one guy did manage to get them to let him up there, I have no idea how though) so we were seated outside where we had to wait 15-20 minutes for the hookah and then another 10 minutes just for our drinks. When we did actually try the drinks, I regretted it immediately. My boyfriend thought his tasted OK at first but upon me tasting it, I told him it tasted like downing a bottle of perfume. What kind of smoothie tastes like perfume?? We were told free refill but we never did do that cause I was actually in a rush to get to class that night. So we made plans to go back and we did about a week later. The second time, we stopped at the Valero on Ranch Circle to buy our own drinks, thinking we could outsmart them and not have to buy their shitty smoothies. We get there and they were a bit busier than last time, so much so that we believe the guy that we need to wait 15 minutes for a table because all of the tables and couches inside and out were packed. But we started getting pissed when a group that came in after us got a table so my boyfriend goes over to ask the guy and he just tells us that he's waiting for us to get rid of our outside drinks. It was the owner so he had us sitting there for a half hour thinking we were getting a seat and meanwhile he knew he wouldn't give us a seat. Why didn't he tell us that when we first walked in? Customer service and having shisha in stock doesn't seem to be their priority at all so let me know when that changes, guys, cause honestly, I'd still love to give this place one last chance. Otherwise, I'll make the drive to Tempe to find a better place. I like hookah, just don't like Harem's.
This place hands down has some great decor that provides some great ambiance. I like how the owner is hospitible. The only thing that stops me from givng it 5stars are the prices. A little pricey
Ah, Harem Hooka. How I adore your decor and general vibe. Nice lounge music, good looking people, and awesome looking hookas. 

But, what the hell is up with your service? Even though there were numerous people working... the place felt like one person was tending to 50 tables... instead of 5 people tending to 15 tables.

I just don't get it, especially since for the most part once people have their hookas... you don't have to tend much to them. Now, I know Harem has food and drinks and that is keeping people busy... but still!

Also, your heat lanterns kept blowing out. Brrr. That made it a little nippy outside.

The owner guy (or that is what I am assuming he was) seemed a little bit pissed about life. Maybe he was stressed or something but he just seemed to generally be grumpy. It isn't good for the *owner* to kind of be in a pissy mood... especially seemingly toward patrons. (i.e. he was a little pissy with me when our pita and hummus order was taking 15+ minutes to come out and I told him just to cancel it).

I've gone to other hooka places and I think the "hooka experience" is much better. Maybe this is because they concentrate more on the hooka aspect of the business versus the restaurant/bar aspect. So I will say it this way... If you are looking for a trendy place for hooka... this is an awesome place. If you are wanting more of an authentic hooka with faster service... certainly try somewhere else.
I agree with the rest of the reviews; the decor and the general vibe is exceptional.  It is more expensive than the other places I usually go to, but when you are looking for a posh and chic place for special occasions, I head down to Harem.

The problems I face are as follows:

-Hookah is pricey, and so is EVERYTHING else there.
-Restroom does NOT have a lock.  How difficult/expensive is it to replace the lock on a door?
-The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  If there is a hole in the hose, you should not try to convince me that it does not affect the smoking when it clearly does. 
-The owner is unpleasant and condescending.  You should keep the hygienic plastic pieces for the hose in stock, and if you are out just explain that you are out.  Don't give me some speech about how your hoses are cleaned thoroughly after every use.  That was not my question.

The first time I was there, there was only one server (no owner) and he was fun, attentive, nice, and pleasant.  Then the rest of the time the owner was there and it ruined my image of the place.  

The owner should simply accept the fact he is not a people person, hire a manager who is, and stay away from the business.  The place would get much more business.
I really dig this place. It's very nice, clean with a great menu, great hookahs and great service.

It's been around for a long time and the commitment of the owner, who's always there, shows.

Highly recommended.
It was my brothers birthday and I took him to dinner at RA and saw this place across the way. I asked him if he would like to smoke hookah after and he was stoked. 

Before we entered he and my other brother had a cigarette outside before they entered.  

After they were done, we walked inside and asked how much it was for just 2 of us and they said 15 but all 3 of us had to buy ok drink. Ok... 

We sit down and I asked the waitress what kind of beers they had, she stated she didn't know. I had to ramble of a few to figure out what I wanted. 

As we are waiting for our hookah we are rudely interrupted by either the owner or manager who decides to let us know there is no smoking allowed. We look at him wondering why he is telling us this because none of us are smoking. He says you were the ones smoking outside before you came in so I just wanted to ensure you knew. Just because its a hookah bar do you really think we are going to smoke cigarettes when there are no ashtrays? We are not disrespectful like that... But maybe we look like it. 

Then we start to smoke our hookah and he comes over again and tells us that our hookah doesn't look sturdy and to be careful. I then ask him, "I'm just wondering, do we look like we are rowdy? Because you have came over twice now letting us know.." I'm sure you get the point.

He says, "no, not at all. I'm just going to get you another hookah. And if you want you can move spots." As he walked away I realize he wants us to move because there are 3 of us sitting at a spot that can fit 6. Might I add its a thursday and not busy. Can we say rude? And I don't think he was going to grab us another hookah until I said something.

When we got our new hookah it was harsh and burned our throats.I asked to have then move the coals and it was prefect. Then 5 min maybe 10 min later they come by and add another coal. I thought they were just moving the ones around again. (granted I thinks its good customer service to do that but I think they should always ask)... Why? Because it was harsh again but worse. It just ruined it and we decided it was time to go.

The girls restroom doesn't have a lock (which makes me uncomfortable to use the restroom because they don't have stalls) and has writing all over the door.

The only part that we enjoyed here was when we yelped the place to see what everyone else said and got a good laugh because all the negative reviews were so true!
This place was awesome. The people that work here are super friendly. The I'm assuming manager came and apologized over and over cause our waitress accidentally dropped the hookah so it shattered everywhere and it took 5 min to get a new one. Seriously not a problem at all. 
We will be going back for sure. Super convenient and and friendly people. Awesome experience.
Oh the only downfall is they didn't have coffee at night so I settled for water
Seriously love this place. The owner/manager not sure which he is pretty sure owner.  He's awesome he now remembers out order and everything and this was on;y our third time there:) Staff is super friendly as always and everything is on key! Can't wait for next weekend
So after a birthday dinner at RA we decided to just hang out this Hookah Lounge across the way. The place is highly decorated like some dungeon basement theme. Its pretty small. We had 20+ people and we packed it pretty good. They do have a decent size patio. They also have a second story loft but it will not fit 20 of us. Place has TV's and play videos. The owner did say he has a music video DJ on the weekends. Since we came in that many people the owner actually discounted our drinks and gave some free to us. Its nothing special just a neighborhood Hookah Lounge but in Ahwatukee.
I write this review with sadness in my heart.  I have been coming to Harem since it was Coffee Society and before they started serving Hookahs.

There are no locks on the bathroom.  Embarassing when a drunk from Ra walks into the bathroom and takes a couple minutes to figure out you arent a toilet.

No soap in the bathrooms.  I need to clarify this - the last 3 times I have been there, no soap in the bathrooms.

The coffee is still great, the hot chocolate was awesome, the hookah was great... but Ive been coming here for over 10 years.  I can see the decline.

Buy soap, put locks on the bathrooms, and bring back the good shisha you used to serve up.

=(
I didn't really go for Hooka stuff before, but I frequent the theater next to Harem so often that I began popping by regularly just to see what the fuss was about. 

I don't drink, but I chug their coffee back as though it held an antidote. The coffee is phenomenal and that alone is worth stopping in for a taste. They appear to have a decent alcohol menu and it lights up, too! :)

The food is excellent. It's a little awkward to stop in for a hooka AND eat AND drink massive cups of coffee, but I do it more often than I'd expect. It's mostly a Mediterranean affair of finger foods with some larger entrees as well, but I have yet to be disappointed after haunting the place for about two and a half years.

The hooka there is incredible. I'm not entirely knowledgeable about hookas on my own, but the various blends are as appealing to the nose as they are to the tongue. Rich scents and flavors course through with each puff and it is heavenly. Absolutely worth a try.

The service is phenomenal and always polite. I've never been left hanging for food or drink and my coals are always well tended to. I'm a huge fan of Harem and I plan to be frequenting the place for a long LONG time to come.  I can't recommend it enough.
The only good thing about this place is the intimate setting and the beautiful decor. Otherwise, I was disappointed. The hookah was supposed to taste like coffee, pistachio and jasmine but it all blended together into a muddy mess. The drinks were overpriced. If I don't specify a rum then give me well. Don't pour me the expensive stuff. I didn't try any of the food but who goes to a hookah bar to eat anyway? All the waitstaff seemed more concerned with restocking the fridge with redbull than asking me if I wanted another drink. The absolute worst part was the music. A DJ came in and started playing Pussycat Dolls and Eminem. What is it, 2005? Current music played at an appropriate volume would have been nice instead of blaring hits from six year ago. I won't go back.
Alright, so I'll be honest here, this was my first experience at a hookah bar, so I don't have much experience to go from.  On the other hand, I like to think I give pretty fair, intelligent reviews that are well-thought out.   I've been here twice so far.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)

+ Hookah is superb.  I will say their stuff is pretty good.  Smooth, not powerful, and flavorful.  

-/+ Customer service.  I think they're decent, but not amazing.  They're nice, friendly, and definitely help you out with any questions you may have.

- EXPENSIVE.  Holy mother of... why would I wanna pay $30 for hookah?  It just really blows my mind how much it costs.  It is good stuff... but really?

-/+ You must order a drink.  I kind of understand how this works on the business side of things, but I think maybe it cuts back on the amount of clientele.  And it's kind of annoying.  I go there for a smoke, not for a drink or coffee.  

+ Atmosphere.  Definitely what comes to mind for me when I hear "lounge."  Dark, spacious, comfortable, candles lit.  It's a nice place to relax for sure.  It's wonderfully decorated and you can tell the owners take pride in its appearance.
Would give this place zero or negative stars if possible.  Service was awful, drinks were mediocre and they don't tell you that they charge "for seating".  So we ended up paying a lot of money for a very negative experience.
If I could give negative stars I certainty would be giving a negative 10.  At first it seemed like a cool chill hang out but then all of  a sudden you realize you have been here for 30 minutes and list to the crappy music.   The guy charged us for other peoples stuff, changed prices everytime he told us why our bill was too high.  Blamed our friend for not paying (when in fact they did). End of story we paid way for stuff we didnt get ( disputing with BofA in morning) and the guy was a big ass and ended with a glass a water in his face with everyone clapping.  I would not go there agian unless you plan on paying for stuff you dont get, Crappy service, Crappy DJ with music way too loud and a bill higher than my house payment for 40 minutes of hooka time.  This place wont be around long , service sucks, owner is a jerk , and her charges you for thing you didnt get.  Plus prices change if you question it so he doesnt even know how much stuff costs he makes is up as he goes.

DO NOT GO HERE IT IS A WAIST OF YOUR TIME AND MONEY
I love coming to Harem with a few friends to chill and have a great time. I've been here twice and loved it. Inside they have a few couches and the place is lit up with red lanterns. It gets super loud inside from the music so I like to sit outside on the patio they have. There are plenty of places to choose to sit for small or large groups. The owner/employees are super chill and ready to help. However, a few times our coals would burn out completely without someone changing them. The volume of the music makes it harder to ask. Harem is also way over priced. It's $20 for hookah and a drink. If you want another drink it's an extra $10. There is no cost to change the coals. And they don't check ID, which was a plus! 
Overall, I really enjoy coming here to chill. And I would recommend coming here if you have extra cash and want something to do with your friends.
Overpriced drinks. Terrible service. Was overcharged. Only redeeming quality was the tobacco was top notch. Would not recommend.
I came here on a Sunday night, nobody was there and I was actually his first customer. Hookah was overpriced for what it was and we paid before we even got the hookah. It was 30 dollars and you have to order at least one drink. He did tell us that we had to wait 10 minutes for the coals to warm up even though it took around 20 minutes. We smoked hookah for about 3 minutes before it got harsh and we had to practically hunt down the employee to fix it. Overall, it was a "whatever" experience. Decor was beautiful and they do have a full bar. However, I won't be back. If you want good hookah and easy prices, you're better off going to Tempe.
As a hookah frequent, I have to say Harem has to be the biggest waste of money iv ever spent at a hookah lounge.  The other reviews are pretty accurate. The wait staff sucks, oh wait...there's only ONE employee ever working (if that qualifies as a wait staff). The hookah is always too harsh. The quality of shisha is nothing to write home about. ONE hookah and two waters totalled 35.00 !!! & when I handedn the cashier 40.00 in 20 dollar bills he asked me if I had exact change because he had no twenties or ones. Like I stated before,  waste of $$$. It only gets one star because the decor is cute. But then again, id rather sit in a basic lounge with good shisha and fair prices. Fail.
Okay so I am a total hypocrite by giving this place one star considering the fact that I have been here more than once.
Anyways, FOR THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER BEEN HERE....

Located next to RA, which is pretty busy like all day, surprisingly, this place is never busy(but I personally love empty hookah lounges). The lounge is very attractive. This place appears to be very upscale. There is a full bar and the menus light up which is pretty neat. There is also an upstairs and outside seating area.

The MAJOR downfalls about this place are that there is usually just one person working. It's the same guy that's been in there everytime I went. He is very inconsistent on checking on you to see if you need more coals or not. He actually isn't even in the front half of the time. Everytime I got a hookah, it has always been harsh. EVERYTIME.

Also, the prices are "go f*ck yourself" ridiculous. Extremely high for what you get. The shisha isn't a very good quality in general and to have the audacity to charge $30.00 for a single one hose, this is unacceptable under all circumstances. YA YOU'RE A NICE LOOKING LOUNGE BUT...if you give me halfass hookah, how am I supposed to enjoy myself? Why did I come here again since I had such a bad experience?...well, it's convient to me and I'm too lazy to travel.

If you are a regular hookah smoker, or just in the mood to smoke, you're better off traveling the extra 10 minutes to Tempe.
I'm a huge fan of Harem. The ambiance is perfect for hookah and having a well stocked bar doesn't hurt either. Being a small business, the service does suffer slightly on busy nights, but flagging down any of the friendly staff solves that problem right away.
The first time my group and I went it was a blast the owner was super nice. We went again this past Friday and the service was terrible. He was rude. We paid 10 bucks. Person the first time and then he upped it to 20 bucks saying "i was being nice". We asked for water and he said "go get it yourself". Was in our faces for no reason and we just left. Because of the wishy washy service we left and went to Hubbly Bubbly in Tempe and it was amazing and great service. Not to mention no wishy washy service.
The hookah is good but other than that nothing, the rest room is not clean (men and women) the waiter is nice but never smiles. 
If you just care about the hookah its good but for total package there is better.
We got ripped off!!!! I went here last Saturday night. The price in the menu for hookah is $25. When we went to pay our tab, the owner said it was $20 each, including the person in our party who did not smoke and only had water. Not only were we deceived about pricing, the service was mediocre, if not below average. Don't come here.
Love this place the owner is real kool and always remembers me when I walk in the door and I always get A1 service when I come this is my hang out
Al-Hana is the cafe located inside the Baiz Market that serves amazingly genuine middle eastern provisions ... this according to my fiancee who hails from Michigan, worked in a Middle Eastern restaurant while going to MSU, and considers it her favorite cuisine.  Wrap that into one giant grape leaf, and you have one crazed Middle Eastern food enthusiast.  

We went here to pick up a few groceries and some take-out from the small cafe tucked in the front corner of the market.  I had already called 'dibs' on the chicken shawarma while on the short car-ride to East-Central Phoenix, and I fist-pumped in her face to let her know I just shook her down.  Um, no worries for her because she dominated the rest of that menu, ordering a falafel sandwich [in pita], za'atar bread [dipped in labne purchased at the back deli], and six veggie grape leaf rolls.  Lunch + leftovers = $20.

All of it was fresh, delicious, and enormously stirring.  Their blends of spices and dips are phenomenal.  I considerably recommend Al-Hana as a quick stop for genuine M.E. grub.
Awesome Beef Shawarma. The chicken taook plate is just yummy and so filling. Cheap. Halal. They also have chicken shawarma, falafel shawarma and other plates. They do rotisserie chicken on site as well. Meat pies. Yumm... They have a wood burning oven where they make all their stuff. It is pretty cool to watch. Recently updated their eating area. Dont forget to get the Mango Lassi located behind you when you are ordering. While you are here, you can shop for fresh meat such as goat chops, beef, chicken, lamb e.t.c or groceries and spices. They have tons of choices in Indian spices as well as Mediterranean spices. They have a good selection of European Cheese and European Fine Goods. They also have fresh pita bread. We bring the pita bread home and throw them in the oven at 250 degrees for a few minutes and voila, you have pita chips to eat with your hummus.
I tend to forget about Middle Eastern food when I'm considering my dining options, but I have to thank Jason W - who invited me to try this little lunch spot in the Baiz Market - for reminding me of how satisfying and delicious (and in this case, affordable!) it can be. 

I met him and some other Yelpers to sample some of Al-Hana's wares and while there were a few strike-outs (specifically, the hummus, which didn't have enough garlic or lemon, and the tabloulleh, which had way too much parsley), the falafel sandwich, shwarma beef and chicken sandwiches (both with garlic sauce), and cheese pies were all so flavorful! And at $2.99 and $3.99 for the sandwiches and $.50 - $3.99 for the other sides, the lunch was also incredibly affordable. 

If you are ever in the area or work or live nearby, you should definitely check Al-Hana out. Given how affordable it is, you can have a savory and enjoyable lunch that really fills you up. If you have time after you finish eating, definitely take a few minutes to walk around the market - there are some real deals on Mediterranean staples, like 2-lb bags of dates for $3.99! 

One final note - there is a $10 minimum for debit/credit card usage, so bring cash.
A fellow yelper told me about this place, and I finally made it there a week or so ago. Since then, I can't seem to stay away- Sunday's venture was the third time in two weeks. What can I say? I like it. 

It's cheap, it's tasty, and it's fresh. No, you won't find the best middle eastern food in the world at Al-Hana, but you can't go wrong with a $3.99 chicken shwarma sandwich. 

The baba ghanoush is perfectly smoky, the hummus is ok. The chicken shwarma sandwich was really good, the falafel- not so much. 

Try the spinach pies. Maybe spinach isn't the first ingredient you'd like to find in a pie, but these will change your mind. 

Don't bother coming here if you're looking for a fancy sit down meal. It's completely no-frills, but completely tasty. 

One great thing to know about this place: They open at 9 am every day. Taboulleh for breakfast? Sure, why not?
Rather than continuing to repeat what is said in the other reviews, if you like Middle Eastern food, you'll love Al-Hana.
It is fresh - made on the spot with Halal meats and fresh produce, the breads, wraps and pies all made from scratch and cooked there.
It is inexpensive - the little pies start at 69 cents and most of the sandwiches are under $5. You can easily feed two for about $10.
And it is good - all the fresh, homemade ingredients really come through in the flavors and textures, tasty meat, warm bread, crisp, fresh produce.
I am definitely going to make eating at Al-Hana a habit. It sure beats the alternative of corporate chain restaurants, processed ingredients and assembly line packaged food.
How many curse words can I say in one sentence to describe how good this place is?

Holy f*****g hell, this is the best g*****n thing I've ever f*****g eaten that only cost $4 and s**t, b***h, it is good!

oh, seriously though, anyone who is a friend of mine knows I don't mind eating in a market in a neighborhood bordered by the projects. This place definitely fits that criteria. It's about 3 blocks north of Van Buren, on 20th street, across from the county hospital, and one of the most drug ridden project housing developments in the city. I don't care. The food here is absolutely delicious, and it is cheap cheap cheap.

I just got home from another visit, and for the first time, I found something negative to say. The cute little hispanic girl that was running the cash register, said to me at 8pm, "we are closed dude" as I was finishing up my last bite and starting to get up and leave. Maybe next time I'll try to get there about 17 seconds earlier so I won't inconvenience you. 

Shwarma, hummus, kebab, kafta, etc. it doesn't matter, everything is all made from scratch, and when you order it, is amazingly delicious.
Have you ever tried the chicken rotisserie here? They go fast so you have to be lucky to get one unless you call ahead. Its not so much about the rotisserie chicken as it is about the amazing and creamy and smooth and exceptionally well balanced Garlic Sauce/spread they give you that goes along with the chicken. 

Have I told you how amazing this spread is. If only I knew the recipe...I would eat it by the tub...okay maybe by the spoonfuls. Anyway...try the chicken rotisserie or the chicken taook. Heck if you don't want to eat either of those things...just ask for some garlic sauce on the side with whatever you are eating. You will not be disappointed.
After reading the reviews I had to try this place so I took a friend today. We had beef and chicken shwarma, kebob, and 3 pies. Everything was really good and very inexpensive. The pita sandwiches are $4 and the pies 69 cents each so everything including drinks was under $20. 

While your there you HAVE to check out the store. They have some awesome stuff for really good prices. I had to get some olive oil and lamb chops becuase I couldn't pass up such a great deal and the meat looked very fresh.
This place has excellent shawarmas for a low price of $3.99.  I go here almost weekly and they are consistently good.  They have a $10 minimum for debit so bring cash.  Also, the store that they are connected to, Baiz Market, carries hookah supplies.  Phoenix needs more places like this.
Two words, super awesome.  Slightly more west of the 51 than I am normally comfortable traveling, but I was feeling adventurous, so glad.  So it's this little eatery tucked inside a market, no frills.  You order at the counter and they call you when it's ready.

I had the whole rotisserie chicken which comes with pita, garlic sauce, and a huge plate of lettuce, pickles, and tomato.  Since I was being so adventurous, I opted for a soda.  Altogether, about $9.  The food was great, almost spectacular.  I literally ate the ENTIRE chicken with most of the extras.  It was that good.  My dining partner has the Iraqi Plate, which looked amazing, and judging by the amount of conversation (nil), I can only conclude that it was delicious as well.

I can't wait to try more things here and eagerly await my next visit!  Oh, and if you're looking for desert, you can walk outside the market and hang a right or left and pick up some crack, heroin, or maybe even a lady-friend for a few minutes of after-dinner relaxation in a nearby alley.
What a gem!!!! I tried this place for the first time yesterday, and we ended up going back again today!!! The Chicken Schwarma sandwiches are awesome. The hummus is great, and the Chicken Tahook with garlic sauce is going to be the death of me (in a good way)  The food is in expensive (we paid 15 bucks for a chicken tahook plate (great chicken skewers served with pickles, hummus, pita and garlic sauce) a chicken schwarma sandwich, a small lamb meat pie, small cheese pie and a large spinach pie. Needless to say I"m speaking from a bread coma right now, but it's well worth it!! Do yourself a favor, this place is great!
8/20
This grocery-slash-eatery reminds me more of Cafe Istanbul in terms of its lighter traffic than that of Haji-Baba's eatery and market.  Some of the items on the shelves had a light blanket of dust...
Ordered the beef kabob (2 pcs.) platter, with lettuce, onions, hummus, and two pitas.  The kabobs were tasty, even though they were slightly overdone in temperature.  Liked the pitas, disliked the hummus.  I couldn't taste any flavors from the chickpeas, tahini, or spices.  Just that of an oil I couldn't even place its origin.  As I was finishing up the kabobs and pita, I spied two young men enjoying their beef shawarmas, so I ordered one to-go.  Got into my car and couldn't wait to have a bite...  I should've gone with my first choice (of beef shawarma)- this was a very tasty selection.  I'd come back to order it again.

I also enjoyed a Lebanese baked dessert, almost cake-like, with two distinct layers- slightly sweet cheese, reminiscent of dried-out ricotta and cream cheese, on the bottom and golden-orange wheat (semolina?), topped with crushed pistachios.  A side sauce dish of simple syrup accompanied the dessert.  I had asked the woman behind the counter two times what the dish was called, and she didn't sound too confident in telling me that she knew it as "shmeer."  (It's the closest thing I could decipher.  Perhaps "shmeed" might be a better word... can anyone help me?)  The ff. is the closest image I found to what I think I had.  (If so, then my dessert was missing the ashtar topping, a type of clotted cream, pictured below.)  The dessert I bought doesn't even come close to approaching the wow factor of this link's image... Kanefe/Knefeh.

http://grabyourfork.blogspot.com/2007/08/rabeih-sweets-punchbowl.html
Just off the 10 freeway in Phoenix, past the Cheech n Chong looking chop-shop, beyond the unsavory, indigent-from-poor-decisions addict looking for a quick fix, ahead of the prison like barbwire engulfing the area, a little further then "Alamo (and yes, probably a bullet hole or many) Beer & Wine" quick shop, rests an unseemly building: Baiz Market. 

The inside of this establishment is not any better so disregard any hackneyed phrases--"don't judge a book by it's cover"--for now. There is a lite smell reminiscing one of there grandparents cold, dark, musty cellar; and do not expect a warm greeting like the one received from former-convicts at the entrance way of Fry's. The floors match the smell, looking like they have taken a fifty or sixty year beating; and, yes, on the non-perishable items there is some dust. But their ripe produce, tasty deserts, just-chopped meats are definitely worth the trip; also within this repelling at first hub for commodities, sits an eatery to the left from the entrance: Al Hana, the orgasm in your mouth.  

Once free of unfavorable feelings, casually walk (nothing to fear, unless you are afraid of rockin' taste) over to the counter of Al Hana's; and order some unforgettable Mediterranian cuisine. We recommend the Shafta or the Shwarma (beef or chicken) with the garlic sauce, wow! Their pitas are made fresh in the "red-brick" (you'll get it later; but you have to try it) oven; their hummus tastes how really Hummus should. Also, try their pies (basically pita pizza)--cheese or meat. 

Everything we ate--shafta, shwarma, hummus with a grip of pita, 1 large cheese pie, 1 small meat pie, a can of pineapple soda (with really sugar) and a can of grape soda (also not corn syrup)--totaled to only $17.46. True story. So word to the wise, let go, try it, wolf-down a shafta or shwarma pita burrito (for only $4.99 each) because haste does not lack taste. 

Side note: their saffron is $24 for 4.5g (best deal around here we have seen).
After Yelp Office Hours on Tuesday (Thanks Again Gabi! :-), Mr. K, Brian S and I decided that we needed lunch...were to go?...were...to...go?

We were sort of in the neighborhood of Al-Hana, (OK, not really, but close enough) and it won out over some of the other suggestions...and I'm glad it did:)

We all like discovering new places and this little spot takes some discovering:)

If you don't know that it's inside Baiz market, you will never discover Al-Hana...and that would be a shame:)

Much like the cafe at Ranch Market (just up the street) this little cafe is a genuine delight embedded in this small grocery market (with, apparently, no end of interesting food items and sundries in its aisles:)

One of the more interesting things I noted, during our visit, was the sizable inventory of hookah's, under lock and key, in the front of the store:)

They must have 50 of these things in stock!

I'm not a hookah marketing expert, but if asked about inventory management of hookah's, I would have said "hold on there, Earl, I think 3 or 4 hookah's in stock is plenty" :-)

So, imagine my surprise and delight, when, during a one hour lunch, I saw 2 of these water pipes walk out the door, accompanied by all sorts of tobacco cans, and other paraphenalia:)

And, these hookah's aren't cheap...sticker price looks to be around $200 for the low end models (I really can't tell high end from low end, with hookah's...I'm just going with size as the differentiator:-)

What is cheap at Al-Hana/Baiz is lunch...cheap and delightful:)

I had Chicken Shawarma and fries (I know...intriguing combo:)...quite tasty:)

I got a chance to sample Brian's Hummus and Babaghannuj and I looked over the menu for future visits...because there will be future visits:)

The menu includes kabob's, whole roasted chickens, delightful little meat pies ($.69 each...wow!:), and whole host of middle eastern delights...and fries:)

And last, but not least, the staff at Al-Hana is so friendly, smiling and eager to please:)

It's a stark contrast to the places that think it's enough to just take your order and toss your food at you...the nice people that took care of me just didn't stop smiling the entire time I was there...and I didn't even have spinach in my teeth...this time:)

Half-way between Roosevelt and Van Buren on 20th St.

It's worth making the trip:)
I finally made my way to the market and Al-Hana yesterday for a lunchtime feast. I ordered WAY too much for myself and 2 co-workers but everything was just as I remember from my childhood (of eating things most other kids wouldn't). I thought the dolmas in particular had a great consistency, density and flavor. my boss loved the meat and cheese pies, the hummus was nice, not too thick like pre-made hummus, and the babaghannouj was blended to perfection. I spent $27 on what turned out to be 5+ meals. 

YUM! Al-Hana I adore you!
I feel a little funny granting five stars, since that kind of rave implies everyone will love Al Hana - and I dont think that's true.  It helps to leave one's Scottsdale or Camelback corridor preconceptions in the parking lot, in order to find treasure within the area blight, and indeed, within the gray, dreary walls of Baiz Market. 

If you approach Al Hana with a traveler's sense of wonder, however, this establishment is very cool.  The market is fascinating, especially the tiny bakery and butcher area in the back. The restaurant is more of a simple counter, no frills and limited menu, but rates an objective five stars based on food quality, value and service.  Delicious, cheap, and the young lady who helped us was very nice.  I dont need a sorbet course to give it five stars. 

Maybe it's different during lunch hour, but at 5:30pm we were the only Anglos in this fairly large neighborhood facility.  Many women in hijabs and abayas.  Young men of varied Middle Eastern persuasion. In most respects, it felt like a market half way around the world.  Iraq or Jordan maybe.  Not every Arizonan's cup of tea, perhaps, but for foodophiles and the culturally curious, definitely recommended.
"Do you like Middle Eastern food?" 

This question started my impromptu tour of Cool Places I Didn't Know Existed in Phoenix.  Uh, wait... where are we?  A grocery store?  I like it!

Al-Hana is located within Baiz Market - if you didn't know that, you would probably never find it.  Walking inside, I was immediately taken with the scent of exotic spices, and the interesting combination of hookahs and religious artwork for sale.  I could have spent way longer lingering in the aisles - they have items that I haven't seen elsewhere, and at very reasonable prices. 
   
The dining area is a simple order-at-the-counter setup, with a small collection of tables and chairs.  It is easy to see that everything is made fresh on-site, since the brick oven is right behind the counter and you can watch the goodness happen.  

Ooohhh... the food...  babaghannuj with fresh pita, chicken shawarma, and adorable meat pies.  Oh yes!  The more I ate, the happier I was.  By the end, I was smiling and waving at the guys working the brick oven.  You are awesome!  Oh, and the whole table full of delights was only $12...  

Too bad I ran out of stomach real estate (and was actually stuffed for the rest of the day) - so many other things I want to try and buy...  little pies that look like pizza... baklava (OK, actually the entire dessert case in the back of the store)... and the cheese, glorious cheese!

This makes me wonder, what other hidden gems are out there, waiting to be found?
Oh Al-Hana, your garlic sauce will be the end of me. This little spot in the Baiz Market is not located in the best part of town but is truly a gem. My husband loves their schwarma sandwiches and I always get the chicken ta-ook (I apologize profusely for the atrocious spelling). I also love the tabouli. We have also had their meat and cheese pies which are pretty good. They have really good hummus and babaganoush. The garlic sauce that comes with it is to die for and I always want to eat ungodly amounts of it. Pita bread and garlic sauce...that could be my meal in itself. Love it. I always like picking up a packages of pita bread while we are there. I think we spend less than $1 for a pack of 6 pitas. Crazy cheap! Would I go to Baiz to buy groceries? Not so much but we definitely make the drive for Al-Hana.
I went with a few friends and we split a few dishes, so I got to try a good amount of stuff.  Here goes:

beef shawarma - Very, very good.  Only about $4, so it was tasty and well priced.

flafel sandwich - Also good.  Falafel is incredibly hard to make well, and there's is pretty damn good.  Not the best I've ever had (that was at a street market in Amsterdam), but it was still much better than most.

baba ganoush - like falafel, this is also very difficult to get right.  Any idiot can make a decent hummus, but baba is tough.  Theirs has excellent flavor, but it was served too cold.  I like it to be a bit chilled, slightly below room temp, but this was straight-up cold.  I don't know if they always do it this way, but this was my experience.

meat pie - this was okay, nothing too special.  It was pretty cheap, so I guess I can't complain too much.  

Oh, the garlic sauce was frickin' amazing.  An absolute must have!

other notes:  since it's a market, you're better off buying your drink in the market side.  1 bottle of water from the cooler next to the food register was $1.50, but a package of 24 bottles of water from the market was ~$5.  You decide.
It is a hidden place you would never know about, but really is it worth knowing?

 I went here for lunch with my coworker who took some convincing. We walked in the front door of the market and saw the menu. We took some time staring at it as we expect to see a few more options. I opted for the falafil sandwich $2.99 and a side of fires for 1.99. I also purchased a juice from the market side of the store. 

While our food was prepared we walked the isles of this market. We enjoyed seeing the alien to us foods. Our number was called out and our food was waiting for us on the counter.

 We picked up and then unwrapped it. My first surprise was the bread, it was not a pita, peta nor lafa it was some other form of thin flatbread. Along with my falafel there was a salad of pickles and other pickled vegetables some were shades of neon purple and ample sauce. The falafel was a bit too firm for me, and the flat bread was not my favorite but the salad part was good. 

My coworker did really enjoy his chicken shwarma calling it "damn awesome"

They did lack the condiments I wanted as some hot sauce would have been appreciated. 

The fries were a bit undercooked, unsalted and we lacked ketchup.

Overall it was a cheap decent meal, but the location, ambiance and lack of cups of water or fountain drinks lowered my score.
I went back here today with the same cowoker as last time.

This time things were a bit more user friendly. We were offered a full print menul to look at by the register, this listed everything and described it.

I went with the flafil, at 2.99 it is a bargain, and a "cheese pie" as the name just spoke to me.

The Flafil was decent, the flat bread is not my favorite but for 2.99 its a good filling meal.  

The cheese pie is best described as sauceless pizza, cheesy bread etc. It was good, the cheese was nicely melted and browned and the crust was good and chewy. at 1.99 is a great addition to any meal.

My coworker loves the fries for some reason. 

He also tried a mint yogurt drink. It may have been bad (but the date said it was good). Maybe that is just the taste, either way it tasted like bad milk wit a mint after taste.
What is the hype people????I went here for lunch after seeing all the awesome  reviews, but I was disappointed. First, the menu is very hard to understand (see the pic that someone posted). I ordered the chicken shwarma sandwich and hummus platter. There isn't much of a drink selection in the tiny fridge. For soda, all they had was the cans and they charged $1.00 for them. Later, while I was eating I noticed a lot of people were buying their drinks from the market, then coming over to order their food (pain in the ass if you ask me). Anyhow, so I was only 1 of a few people there and the food took quite a while. When they finally called my order I went up and asked for the "garlic sauce" that I heard so much about on here and the lady said it would cost $1.00. I said nevermind because I wasn't going to pay that for a small container of condiment! I was surprised at how small the sandwich was. It wasn't  impressive either. Just a grilled flatbread with a few pieces of  chicken, a few tomato slices, lettuce, and a little sauce. In my opinion this wasn't worth 3.99, but more worth 2.50 or something because of its size and how little filling there was.The hummus was good, but  nothing spectacular. This place is also in a dodgy part of town right across from project housing...literally right across the street. The market was pretty cool though and I'll prob return (during the daylight of course) for some olives, olive oil, and pita. BUT will skip out on dining here.
Ben B. and I visited Al-Hana after a tiresome IKEA outing and BABA-GODDAMN this stuff is YUMMY AS HELL. We nearly stuffed ourselves to capacity on the smoky babaganoush and hummus. We had the chicken shawarma and Ben had something with spiced beef in it... the name lasted on my tongue about as long as the food, can't remember it, so sorry.

Nothing over 3.99. Seriously. You must.
I love to gfrab a bite and then shop here.  The falafel wrap is great.   Price is amazing for such a filling item.  My husband and I like to eat a few of the items when they come fresh out of the oven.  Everything tastes homeade.  

The market has the best persian cucumbers, veggies, and fresh meat.  We like the Turkish jams and other Turkish products.  The soap assortment is also really neat!  I give these out as gifts and everyone loves them.
Let me start off by saying that I love this place. They have wonderful food, fantastic prices and are located within the Baiz Market (which I also love).

I grew up pretty spoiled in Chicago when it came to Middle Eastern food, and I was a little sad when I moved out to Phoenix. Don't get me wrong, there are some great spots out here for Middle Eastern grub, but it's nothing like it is back in Chi. Al-Hana though is where it's at.

There Baba is probably the best I've had and I love that they had fresh bread from the bakery to serve with anything you order. I was blown away by their sandwiches as well. I've always been used to the pita boat style of sandwich, but at Al-Hana they prepare it like a wrap that's then grilled for a bit to make it crispy. That was new and an incredible treat for me.

If you're a fan of Middle Eastern food and can make the trip, you kinda need to pay your respects to this place.
Al-Hana makes me sad for one reason: I am so in love with the falafel that I still haven't had a chance to try their world-famous cheese pizza thingies.

For the uninitiated, Al-Hana is the restaurant that occupies one corner of Baiz Market, the amazing Middle Eastern grocery at 20th and Roosevelt.

If you want amazing food, period, you gotta eat here. The pitas are baked in-house and they are amazing. flavorful, soft, just chewy enough, and perfect. The falafel is seasoned perfectly and fried to a crunchy perfection. The babaganouj is impressive, as is the Hummus. The only thing I am not 100% in love with is the Tabbouleh, which is just a tad short on lemon flavor for my taste. If you're feeling like a salad, I would recommend the fettoush salad instead, as it is an unexpected delight.

The set up is a bit on the disorganized side: The menu board is an incomprehensible mess, so you're better off asking for a menu, or even better, describing what you want to the helpful staff. The food does take a bit of time, so feel free to explore the market while you wait.

Al-Hana is a great place to take people who think that Phoenix is just a city full of Macaroni Grills and Cheesecake Factories. They will be surprised at what unique, authentic spots we have here in town....but you might want to warn them about the whole goat in the butcher department first.
i have to admit that i am a fan of haji-baba's falafel. a big fan. a big, huge fan. that being said, this was not haji-baba's falafel sandwich. it was slightly dry, had floursecent pink pickles (i think they were pickles) and the falafel balls were mushy - not crispy on the outside. 

based on other reviewers' recommendations, i ordered a side of garlic sauce. it was definitely garlicky and good, though the mayo-like consistency was a little bizarre. the pita bread was good and hummus delicious. despite this, my craving for falafel went unsatisfied.
OK, I'm not used to getting so much tasty food for so cheap. Another rare gem found through yelp! While some of the reviews described an eatery that seemed to good to be true, I've never been disappointed by any establishment recommended by my fellow reviewers so I knew I was in for a treat. And boy, what a treat is was! The babaganooj was the best I've ever had, the beef kebab sandwich was really delicious and so substantial that I almost regretted having ordered other things. I wish I could remember the name of the dessert we had (I'll have it again anyway, when I return) but the cheese, the crushed pistachio nuts and the syrup made for a really rich heavenly delight. Another place that I'm kind of glad isn't too near where I live ... otherwise I'd be constantly overeating.
Now here's a trippy little place for you!  First off, I drive to a neighborhood that's worse than mine!  (Can you imagine??)  Then you park & enter this banged up mid-sized grocery, "Baiz Market".  Filing along next to a long line of HOOKAHS (I scat you not!), you & your bodyguards come to a small cafe inside.  This is Al-Hana, dripping with realistic atmosphere, as if it were in the slums of Istanbul!

I ordered a small Fattoush Salad & a Shawarma.  Not to be surprised by more weirdness here, I learned that you have to bring your own water with you to the restaurant!  Otherwise, they have bottles of water there that you can BUY!.  (At least the bathroom is free, but it's hidden way off in the southeast corner of the market.)

The small salad was actually medium-sized, different, & delicious.  The Shawarma amounted to about the same thing as a good-sized burrito, maybe 1 1/2 lbs., filled mostly with beef & lamb, plus a little onion, tomato & other things.  Like the salad, it was unusual & good!

By the way, you want the pita bread wrapping your Shawarma fresh?  Not to worry, they make the pita bread right there from scratch at the same time as their fixing everything else!

Shawarma $3.99, Small Fattoush Salad $2.99, 20 Oz. Squirt $1.49 = $8.47.
Thanks to a recent post on the "Downtown Phoenix Journal" blog by Justin Lee regarding cheap eats (11/4), I decided to give this place a try as I pretty much agreed with his other choices.

As I've previously been told many times, 'don't you ever get tired of hummus?', and apparently the answer is 'no'. Even though I had leftover hummus from Switch from the night before, I was not to be deterred from trying a new source relatively close to home (especially since Pita Jungle doesn't seem to want to open up in my lifetime, although the rumor is any day now). 

Sure enough at lunchtime, the place was not too crowded, but did do a solid and steady business. The girl behind the counter was extremely helpful and nice when asking for suggestions. Her's was the chicken shawarma, so off we went!  Of course, the crux of the story was to also get some hummus, which she mentioned didn't come with the sandwich, so I'd have to order separately. No prob, mate, its all good, so of course, let's get a small side.

My number gets called and the shawarma comes out more like a wrap, and the 'small' hummus was the size of a 12" dixie plate - fantastic!!

Net/net - the sandwich was solid and hummus was great.

The kicker is that its inside the grocery, so you get to do a little shopping for middle eastern coffee, turkish delights, cookies, etc., as a side benefit.
Yum! Finally after having enjoyed the Biaz Market for several select items I stopped in the other day just to try the food at Al-Hana.

I ordered 2 fried kibbeh (deep fried football shaped Bulgar wheat crust stuffed with seasoned lamb/beef) and the chicken schwarma. I have to say that this is some of the best kibbeh I have had and the schwarma was quite tasty as well. 

I really need to go back soon to try other items they had. Plus I can not be without the Namoura or Zoolbia Bamieh they have in their bakery for long.
Tip and tricks, that is the key.

I love pita and hummus, And the do offer this at Al-hana, however do not forget where you are, AT A GROCERY STORE. for .99 you can get a bag (5 or6) fresh still warm large pitas. Then for ~1.50 you can buy a can of hummus.  so for less than $3 you can have a huge amount of this to have with your meal.

As always I opt for the falafel sandwich which at 2.99 is a great deal but a bit small alone.

They do have hot sauce I found, but it is just franks red hot sauce, and it overwhelms the flavors of your food.

Try a Thyme (zatar) pie. for .99 it packs a huge flavor punch.

I recommend brining a bottle of water as there is no fountain for drinks here.
I was already headed to Baiz Market to go to Al Hana for lunch, was craving a shawarma sandwich.  Wanted something out side of the normal lunch foods other coworkers were coming in with.  Since I still have some time before I could clock off for lunch I looked up Al Hana on Yelp and boy was I happy I did! I already knew that Al Hana is just a corner in the Baiz Market and that the sitting area was small but great food comes out of that little corner! Yes the menu is on the wall and kinda lacking in details, but the cashier behind the counter is very helpful in explaining what the items are.
I normally get the falafel sandwich, but I had read many reviews who all stated that the cheese pie was worth a try and once I saw it was only $1.99 I thought why not! 
I had talked my coworker into giving it a try, so I had placed our order, 2 chicken shawarmas, priced at $3.99 a piece and 2 of the cheese pies, 2 meals under 15 bucks!   
While waiting for the food to be ready, I walked to the back of the market and got a tray of deserts to share with the office.  Man I cannot get enough of them little treats! The phyllo dough, crushed nuts and honey!! Oh that is heaven! 
Picked up my order and headed back to work.   The chicken shawarma was very delish! Chicken, tomatoes, onions, Arabic pickles and creamy garlic sauce wrapped in a fresh pita! Let me tell you I can eat pitas with just the garlic sauce, it is soo good!
The cheese pies, which is more like a pita with cheese was fabulous! It's just bread, but that doesn't quite describe it correctly, with cheese melted on top, so simple but yet so dang good!  My coworker even was happy with his lunch and it was his 1st time, he dug the garlic sauce too!  One day I will try the other items they offer. Look forward to going back.
Holy price increases value man! 

We knew something was up when the faithful menu board was down, there are new glossy printed menus, with new higher prices to match. The falafel is now 4.49 up from 2.99 a 50% increase. Most other items went up by $1 to $1.50

For that price the falafel is rather small and does not include any sides.

I still like the overall quality and taste of the food but the value factor bottomed out with this one move.

One a positive note we finally found a can of hummus on the grocery side that is good, and the fresh bags of pita are still .99 so you can still have a ton of pita and humus for $2.50 or less.
Good food and inexpensive.  The market is worth walking through while you wait.
This place is great. Hummus was awesome. Just a great all around place for Middle Eastern. The market is great too. Great to pass the time looking around while you wait for your food
The City of Angles, Los Angles, has to be one of my favorite foodie destinations. Pretty much every food trend over the past 5 years or so has its epicenter in LA. From Korean style frozen yogurt to cupcakes and now food trucks, the people of LA know a good thing when they taste it. While all of these trends have some how made their way to the Valley of the Sun, there's one thing that I've never been able to find here, garlic sauce like the one that's served at the LA institution Zankou Chicken.  

If you've heard of Zankou and its amazing Lebanese chicken and tangy fluffy garlic sauce you know exactly what I mean when I say it's ethereal. For those who've never tried it either pack an overnight bag and head to LA or drive down to 20th Street and Van Buren to Al-Hana inside of Baiz market, its the closest thing to Zankou Chicken in Phoenix and its close location makes it even better.

The area located around Baiz Market might seem a little rough around the edges but the market itself is clean, well lit and packed with all sorts of interesting Middle Eastern grocery items from dairy and fresh produce to meat and hookah paraphernalia. Tucked in the corner of the market is Al-Hana, a postage stamp sized restaurant specializing in, you guessed it Middle Eastern cooking. 

While the offerings might seem typical the flavors are bold and shouldn't be missed. The creamy roasted eggplant dip Babaghannuj ($4.49) had a smokiness usually not found in many other places. Al-Hana leaves their version thick and chunky with just the right amount of olive oil drizzled over the top. 

Ordering the Falafel Plate ($5.99) will get you 6 deep fried cumin scented pucks of ground chickpeas and fava beans. Pile a couple of these onto a freshly baked pita, slather with tahini and enjoy the crunch. Id also highly recommend the Labneh Pie ($2.99) which is filled with labneh, a Lebanese cream cheese, onions and tomatoes all baked in a light tender crust. 

The main dish for me was of course the Whole Roasted Chicken ($9.99). It comes with pita, pickles and garlic sauce. The chicken itself is so well seasoned and juicy it would seem like a crime to adorn it with anything until you get some garlic sauce on it. The texture is light and fluffy, almost like a garlicky mayonnaise. After one taste you might ask them for another container, seriously delicious. 

After a wonderful meal you'd think there wouldn't be enough room left for desert, but my rule is there's always room. With that I sauntered to the back of Baiz Market where their in store bakery is located, most of the case filled delights are around $2 each including a flaky syrup soaked baklava. 

While I love LA, knowing that I don't have to drive 300 miles to get my garlic sauce fix makes the drive across town all the tastier. 

Al-Hana inside Baiz Market
Open Daily
Came with my hubby and a friend, we ordered two entrees and hummus to share.  Chicken Kofta sandwich (aka pita wrap)  was awesome.  It's rare to find ground meat - even chicken - that doesn't taste like it's bathed in oil and fat.  This had great spiced flavor and tasted fresh and light.  Not crazy about the garlic sauce (it's clumpy and a little bland...tastes almost like regular butter to me), so I just dipped mine strait into the hummus instead. Yum!!

Prices were reasonable. 5 dollar wrap, and 4 for a "small" side of hummus that's more than enough to share.  Will definitely be coming back to try the falafel and take a look around the market.  (We took a peek at the deli while waiting for our food, and the fresh lamb looked outstanding!)

And IMO the surrounding neighborhood doesn't seem that sketchy to me.  Across the street from a park and some apartments that look pretty well-kept and clean.  I'm rolling my eyes big-time at some of the previous reviewers, here...
Great place. I love going to restaurants inside of markets...is it just me or is the food almost always better? The only downside is I always spend more than I anticipated because I start browsing the store while I wait for my food. The meat section is not for the faint of heart. There are whole lamb heads!

The babaganoush is so good! It has great flavor and texture...little mushy bits of eggplant come up every so often. I also love the chicken shwarma with garlic sauce and pickles. The meat, cheese, and spinach pies are a great little appetizer. To be honest, it's hard to go wrong here--I have yet to order something I didn't thoroughly enjoy!
I've been to Al-Hana at the Baiz Market several times and the consistency of the quality of their food, portion sizes and some of the pricing has changed but going in the wrong direction.  It still an A-OK place to go, but it used to 4 to 5 stars.

Restaurant ~ it's in the Baiz Market, so if you're needing to buy some Middle Eastern or Mediterranean food, staples and condiments this is a great place to shop!  They often have great buys on their ground lamb and beef.  Al-Hana is located in the front of the market.  The distinctive and spiced filled aroma hits you when you enter the market ~ "take a deep inhale, awe.." There is a small area for dinning up front that's clean and not too cramped.  Most people order to go, so don't worry about seating when you see a lot of people at the counter.  

Service ~ is quick and friendly.  Usually there are just three to four people working the restaurant, two cooks and one girl working furiously taking orders and ringing people up.  I don't like how they have their menu.  It's laminated on sheets of paper tied together with a ring.  They only have two sets, so you may need to wait to see their menu.  They get a lot of regulars which will walk right up to the counter beside you and in front of you if you give them an inch.  This experience is starting to remind me of that Seinfeld episode "Soup Nazi".  You stand in line, hold your ground and order quickly, pay ~ then move aside and wait for your number to be called.  Having an idea of what you want ahead of time is recommended, so read the Yelp reviews before going.  

Food ~the spinning skewers of meat look and smell amazing, one beef and one chicken but no lamb? WHAT??  The beef and chicken sandwiches used to look more like middle eastern burritos stuffed full of meat and veggies but lately they look more like taquitos with some veggies thrown in.  

Their kabobs, both beef and chicken are better and you can get those as a sandwich if you ask.  Their Babaghannuj is much better than their Humus.  Humus is ok, small side is now $3.99 and sold seperately, but their Baba is delish!  The pitas lately have also been hit and miss.  Our pita's were too dry and almost brittle on our last visit.  Thanks to the Baba, we didn't mind so much.

All in all, Al-Hana has changed in my opinion with there being better options to choose from within a 5 mile drive.  I will go back to shop the Baiz Market and plan stop by Al-Hana again soon.  Hope to see you there.
Al-Hana wasn't bad, it just didn't blow me away.  I went there for lunch and ordered the chicken shawarma and a (very large) side of hummus with some pita.  The sandwich was smaller than I expected, but for $5 is pretty fair.  Everything tasted pretty good, but I've had more flavorful Middle Eastern food outside of Phoenix. 

A note about the neighborhood.  I can understand why some reviewers weren't totally comfortable here, but I really don't think it's a bad or dangerous area.  In my opinion, low income doesn't always equal 'hood.  There are families in the nearby park, well-kept homes, clean sidewalks, etc.  It's not an area that's going to entice to explore on a leisurely walk, but I felt plenty safe walking there from McDowell.
Wow! During a bi-annual allergy induced laryngitis, I went in search for my favorite tea- dry desert lime. Apparently, I am the only one in PHX who knows it because no one is carrying it this year. Next best thing? Find dried limes. This quest led me to Biaz Market. The neighborhood it is in is rough, but it's more poverty than unsafe. The parking lot, though, was full. Walking in I decided to spend some time wandering the aisles. Within 30 seconds I was blown away. They have rose water and orange blossom water for 99 cents! The only place I had found it before sells it for $4! Fresh produce, cheeses, meats. Fresh herbs that I can't find elsewhere for only 89 cents! What? Am I dreaming? An entire aisle of spices- so many that I missed my limes I originally came here for. The very, very nice employee didn't just tell me what aisle, she walked me straight to it and when I commented about a ground version, she helped me search for that. Dolmas in cans and jars for under $3 (and they're freaking delicious!). Pita bread 50 cents. So much yummy stuff priced so well. We don't often get such gems of ethnicity in Phoenix, but this hidden treasure made me feel sooooooo good on a sick day. I can't wait to go back and try the restaurant, buy more groceries and test my cooking skills, and get get my fix of the world abroad without having to buts out the bones for an international flight.
I'm writing this update on Al-Hana to let everyone know they've made some changes recently and for the BEST! 

The Baiz Market is pretty much the same.  It's a wonderful Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food market and THE BEST place to buy olives, oils, middle eastern spices and pita bread!!  2 for $1and it's fresh daily! 

Al-Hana~ "take a deep inhale as you enter the Baiz market, awe...." It's the same wonderful aroma and quality of food but they've made some changes to their menu.  Yes, that's right I said menu.  They have menu's now!  They are nicely done with full color pics of most dishes so no more guessing and no need for an interrupter!

Their dishes have changed.  They've added rice to most of their dishes at no extra charge. In fact they lowered their prices on a lot of things and changed up a lot of their entries to include rice, hummus and garlic sauce! 

The chicken and beef schawarma are both some of the best in town but I prefer the Shish Taook ~ two huge skewers of grilled to perfection chicken seasoned in taook spices on top of a large bed of seasoned and delicious rice served with hummus, mixed pickles, tomatoes and their garlic sauce.  It is a HUMONGOUS plate full of tasty goodness that comes with two fresh pitas on top.  It's enough food for two people, people!  So be ready to share.  Their garlic sauce and hummus are as good or better than anyone else's their Shish Taook will leave you wanting!

I also recommend getting some of their small meat, cheese or cheese with spinach pies, the small square ones that are folded, heated for an appetizer and share a plate of hummus.  Their small pies are full of flavor and the pie dough is awesome!! 

Plan to par-ooze the market while you wait for your food.  Skip the pepsi coolers near the Al-Hana counter for your beverage and pick a beverage from the large coolers on the first aisle leading back to the produce.  This is where you'll find just about anything and everything from the middle east to drink.  Yes!

They still have the same wonderful team of two guys cooking and the young lady running 100 MPH taking orders and serving everyone all at once.  They have made some fantastic changes and they one of THE BEST places to go for your Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food fixes.  I hope to see you there!
I only wish we had found this place sooner!  My husband and I moved here from Michigan 5 years ago, the Middle Eastern food in MI can't be beat!  One of the things I missed the most was chicken shawarma sandwiches.  I spent almost 4 years searching for a good Middle Eastern restaurant but it seemed every restaurant I found around the Phoenix area was Persian style which I personally don't like.  

One day a friend recommended Al-Hana inside the Baiz Market.  My husband and I decided to give it a try and we were blown away!  This is how chicken shawarma should taste, and the garlic sauce is perfection.   The meat, cheese and spinach pies they sell are also incredibly good.  I think you can get a dozen for $9 or $10 dollars.  We usually buy a dozen to take home and eat them for breakfast over the next few days.  

The best part is they're located inside a Middle Eastern market so you can buy specialty items for a really great price while you're waiting for your food!  You can buy jars of tahini for less than half the price you would pay in a normal grocery store, and get specialty spices like Sumac for a very cheap price ($1.99.)

I also have to add that both of the girls that are usually behind the register are very sweet and always strike up a conversation with me, and if I ever order anything special the cook always double checks with me before making my order.
There isn't any other place I think I could eat an entire order of hummus by myself.... This is the Real deal. Yeah it's in a crappy neighborhood, and the food is served on styrofoam, in a market that could use a major overhaul, but who cares?! The food is SO good. 

I'm a vegetarian and have eaten at pretty much every middle eastern place in this city. This one unarguably has the best baba ganouj and hummus ever, as well as great tabbouleh. And that dessert with semolina on top of cheese? Heaven.
Lebanese food is one of my favorite cuisines.  Having heard about this combined market/restaurant, and seen it on Howard Seftel's list of top Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, I decided to check this place out.  I couldn't decide whether it sounded more like a Haji Baba or Cafe Istanbul type place.

Upon entering the facility, it became clear that this place is much more market than the aforementioned establishments.  It's basically a grocery store, with a little corner cordoned off for the restaurant.  There is no table service; you order at the counter.  The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pies (I may have to venture into this territory; it's something Cafe Istanbul and Haji Baba don't have), plates, and sandwiches.

I was disappointed to find that they don't have lamb tongue, and that they were out of soujouk and ma'anek.  I went with the lamb sandwich, which didn't have the lamb in kabab form like you would expect, but rather as a ground-up kafta type of consistency.

The sandwiches weren't huge, but I will say, that lamb was nicely flavored.  And my dining companion mentioned that the beef shawarma was pretty tasty as well.  The food really is pretty good.

Cafe Istanbul still has this place beat.  This is true when it comes to food, but even more so when it comes to ambiance.  But it's nice that there is a respectable place to get Middle Eastern food in downtown Phoenix.
This restaurant is inside the Baiz Market!  So, don't waste your time trying to GPS it- just GPS Baiz market!

Secondly, ambiance or quick service are probably not the reasons you'd come to eat inside an outdated restaurant on styrofoam plates.

The food, however, is pretty tasty.  They have a wide variety of items typical to Middle Eastern cuisine: shawarmas, falafel, kebabs, pies, and more.  They heat items up in an open oven and the food comes out very fresh and hot!

I tried the cheese pie and shawarma.  Both items were very good.  I still got onions when I asked for them to be excluded.  I suggest skipping their small beverage options in the adjacent cooler and going to the selection on the south side of the store for a better deal and variety.

All in all, it is definitely worth trying out, especially if you are going to Baiz Market anyway!
Oh my!!  Not only was this some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had in Phoenix, but it's rates right up there with some the best food ever!  And for cheap!  

Met up here for lunch today with Rand H, Mike C and Arlin B and even though it's in a crappy part of town, it was well worth it.  We started with some of the little pies, we had the meat, and the spinah/cheese.  Different than other pies I have had at Middle Eastern places, these were made with a tasty dough instead of the layered sheets of whatever they use.  The fillings were seasoned and fantastic, so good I bought a dozen to take home!  99cents for one, 8.99 a dozen, how can you beat that price?! We also all shared a plate of hummus that was delicious, creamy and tasted like hummus should.  

For my meal I ordered the beef shawerma plate, but was already full from the other goodies I brought most of it home.  While the meat looked like it was burnt, it was nothing but tender and seasoned just right.  Oh...and everything came with what seemed a stack of fresh made pitas!  

Hours later I'm still in that happy food coma place and I'm already planning my next visit.
After almost two years, I finally made it back here to eat, this time joined by Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  The menu has changed, although not necessarily the food choices overall, & they have remodeled the cafe into a cute little area from it's totally plain past.

I suggest coming here a little early with your ice chest & begin your Al-Hana adventure with a little fun shopping in the Baiz Market encasing this little eatery.  I would call it a small supermarket (?), the prices are reasonable, & they carry lots of things that I feel sure you won't find where you usually do your shopping.  Of course it's most fun shopping hungry, not full.     :-)

Ok, then it's on to Al-Hana Cafe.  They offer about 18 combination plates plus a host of ala carte items, so it's going to take you a lot of visits to get tired of this place!  For my much-too-seldom visit today I ordered a Lamb Kabab plate, which came with tomatoes, onions, pickles, hummus, rice & several big circles of pita bread to roll it all up in.  It was plenty to eat, totally delicious, & priced very fairly at $8.99!

A negative is that you still have to bring your own water if you don't want to buy a bottle of theirs (or a soft drink including MIddle Eastern treats), but the counter service is friendly & they are open 7 days from 9 AM to 8 PM.

Yum!     :-))
As most reviewers have already pointed out, Al Hana, located in the Baiz Market, is not in the best of neighborhoods but the food, the prices and service with a smile will have you coming back for more. We ordered tabouli, hummus, shisk taook a falafel plate and 2 bottles of water (sorry, no cocktails here). The bill came in at just under $28 and we paid at the counter. Our food was quickly prepared and was ready in less than ten minutes. Everything was delicious and the portions were generous. The baklawa is actually to the rear of the store at a separate counter and there are many varieties to choose from. We will absolutely come back not only for the food but also for the vast selection of middle eastern and international foods sold at Baiz Market. After our meal, we spent another half hour in the store picking up various items to stock our pantry. All meats sold at Baiz are Zabiha and Halal.
Highest of recommendations for this place.  Superb flavor, great prices.  Perfect spot to grab a bite before a ball game downtown (not near the rail line).  

Just know what to expect-- it's a deli counter in a middle eastern market in a "questionable" neighborhood.  The tables are aluminum and rickety, so I usually take it to go.

The hummus is the best in town, as is the pita.  I usually take an extra order of both to bring home for the week.  The baba ganaouj is good and very smokey, but I prefer the hummus.

I've tried every sandwich on the menu.  The best is the chicken shwarma.  Rotisserie chicken, shredded and seared crisp on the griddle, then folded into a pita with garlic spread, tomato, lettuce and pickle.  They are small and amazing, so I always get two.  The beef shwarma is also good.  

The kebab sandwiches are very tasty, but the pieces of meat are huge and difficult to eat in sandwich form.  Better off getting kebab plates.
A small restaurant located inside the Baiz Grocery story. The food is not that bad, although I have not tasted enough of the dishes...The meat pies and chicken shawarma were the big deals for me and I really like them.
Stopped back in to this cute little caf within a supermarket for lunch today.  This time I was joined by Robyn N. & Arlin B., & went with my "usual", the Lamb Kebab combination plate ($8.99).  This gives you two skewers of a grilled, finely minced lamb, served with tomatoes, pickles, hummus, two big round disks of pita bread, & a good sized serving of tasty, specially prepared rice.

Wow, what a feast this is for the money!  Putting everything on the pita bread except for the rice makes two BIG taco-like "sandwiches" that are SO GOOD, & also a filling, complete meal.

For a drink, I skipped the cooler full of the familiar brands & flavors near the kitchen & went with a choice from over in the grocery store area where they have a big selection of awesome beverages that you have never heard of!  I went with a yogurt drink that was zingy & just right to go with the food.

It needs to be more frequent trips to this place for me, in order to bite through the rest of their big selection of 18 combo plates plus getting back to the ala carte sandwiches & salad that I used to order the first couple of times I ate here.  Meanwhile, my experience at Al-Hana here today was TOTALLY 5 STARS!     :-))
I used to love you, Al-Hana.  I have fond memories of enjoying good food and good company while sitting at your little wobbly tables and chairs.  I fell in love with your babaghannuj.  Yes, you had a lot going for you.

I was disappointed, but kept coming back, when you decided to raise the price on Every Single Item I Like, while making all of the portions smaller.  I understood that you have to pay for those new glossy menus with the pretty pictures somehow even though I liked the old menu board with the plastic letters just fine, thanks.  I settled for slow and sometimes surly service from your staff.  Why?  Because I loved you. 

Well, I think our one-sided relationship has come to an end.  That last visit - you know, the one where you gave our food to another customer (uh, you were confused?), and left us waiting for over 35 minutes without an apology while fulfilling orders for people who arrived and ordered much much later?  That will be my last one.  

I especially will cherish the charming way in which the 'manager' grudgingly provided a refund for the food I never received.  "Do you want to return the water as well?"  Um, no.  Since I had to get it out of the cooler myself, I actually received that portion of what I ordered.  Thanks.

Keep your rising prices and shrinking portions.  You are no longer worth my affection.
If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Marketplace. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap is and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-) 

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
Stopped back in to this little caf within a trippy Middle-Eastern supermarket for lunch today.  This time I was joined by Ursula D & went with my "usual", the Lamb Kebab combination plate ($8.99).  This time they gave me FOUR skewers of a grilled, finely minced lamb, served with tomatoes, pickles, hummus, two big round disks of pita bread, & a good sized serving of tasty, specially prepared rice.  Yum!

Putting everything on the pita bread except for the rice and two of the skewers worth of lamb makes two BIG taco-like "sandwiches" that are really good, & also a filling meal.  Then there's the rest of the lamb & the tasty rice to finish up with.

For a drink, I again skipped the cooler full of the familiar brands & flavors near the kitchen & went with a choice from over in the grocery store area where they have a big selection of interesting, unusual beverages!  This time I went with a yogurt/mango drink different than what I had last time & it was delicious!

I do have some issues with this place.  One is that you can't get a cup of water to drink with your meal!  Another is that if you're paying with a credit or debit card you have to spend $10, which may force you to order more than you want here.  My friend ordered extra food to meet the requirement, but later was thirsty for some water (which they SELL), but was told back up at the counter that it would have to be cash only, since the water itself is less than $10 & wasn't ordered at the same time as everything else!  What???  I also asked for a to-go menu and was told, "Sorry, we're out of them."

I have a couple of ideas for you Al-Hana...

*  BUY AN IGLOO COOLER & PUT SOME WATER IN IT!

*  BE THRILLED THAT YOU HAVE CUSTOMERS & LET THEM PAY WITH A CARD IF THEY WANT TO!

*  WHEN YOU OPEN THE LAST BOX OF TAKE-OUT MENUS, ORDER SOME MORE!

5-STAR FOOD, 1-STAR MANAGEMENT!     :-O
----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------

This is important if you're a single as most things on the menu are less than $10.     This place does not have filtered water or even water from a tap.  So, don't forget to grab your drink and pay for it with your food.  I didn't realize I could not get a cup of water when I ordered/paid for my food, so I ended up drinking a bottle of warm water in my car when I was done eating.  Meh.

This restaurant is down a street I would never drive down.  Most people would probably never pass this store in their commute to any place in the Valley.  The restaurant itself is located inside of a middle eastern (maybe Islamic/Kosher/?? as there are no pork products in this store) grocery store.  You will not see the name "Al-Hana" on the outside when you drive up, so don't be confused.

I had lunch here last week with the Yelper lunch UYE group with Rand H. I tried their chicken schwarma and the fatoosh.  Both tasted very good to me.  I thought the chicken was over cooked, but the flavor was still there and exceptionally good.  

The fun part about eating here is exploring the grocery store and standing out like a sore thumb.  I loved checking out all the products.  The herbs and spices you find in whole foods for astronomical prices are not so expensive in there.

I would love to go back and try this place, when I have cash on me.  I hope the 2nd time is the charm!

----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------
I don't exactly agree with the reviewer, who wrote, this is not only the best Arab food in Phoenix, but everywhere!  Well, having been to Syria, Lebanon and Jordan, I can happily confirm the last sentence to be a BIG exaggeration; but it's an exaggeration even for Phoenix.

We had the dolmas, hummus and babaghanoush; so to be fair, that's what my review concerns.  I can't speak for any of the meat dishes, but while the hummus and babaghanoush are very good, my partner and I are in disagreement as to HOW good.  We both find the hummus to be better than at Haji Baba, a staple and favorite of ours in Tempe.  The hummus at Haji's is smoother; this one, more grainy.  You would think smoother would be better ... while it's a matter of taste, I would argue it isn't.  The grainier one leads me to believe it's most likely "homemade", while the smooth indicates mass-production.  Not saying that's the case for either; but having tried canned hummus, I suspect, I'm not wrong.  The babaghanoush here is of the same consistency as at Haji Baba's, but has a "smokier" texture.  As far as those two dishes go, we rate them hands down better than Haji Baba (though I think not by much; my partner thinks they're significantly better).  The dolmas ... meh.  Tastes like they're out of a can, whereas Haji Baba's is very distinct and "non-traditional".  

Now, here is a point, which, for some people --- including me --- is important:  ambiance.  

Just as Haji Baba is not a "real" restaurant per se, this place is located inside the shopping center.  The difference is that while Haji Baba's grocery section is smaller and distinctly separate from its restaurant, eating here is akin to going to the hot dog and pretzel counter at Costco.  There is NO separation -- except for a steel railing --- and as you eat, customers mill around the store.  It does not leave an impression or quiet, calm and privacy.  If ambiance is important to you, then this is most likely not the place to think about having a "real" meal.  On the other hand, the service at the food counter is friendly and quick.

I will do a separate review of the store, Baiz Market, which is the REAL gem here, but overall, I'd say the food is good, but nothing spectacular
Great hummus and good tasting pita and lamb! A great culture experience all inside a busy little market
Food in this place is alright and it is a little overpriced compare to other MiddleEaster eateries.

I ordered Lamb Kebob sandwich. It tasted alright not something I will ever order again. It had only three small  pieces lamb and the rest was vegetable. 

I won't eat here again that is for sure. I rather do the drive and go to Haji Baba
Very tasty food. Great grocery store for Mideast products. I have British Lebanese parents, grew up eating all the different styles of this food, one being a bit different than the other. I like this place.This is worth trying..Cheers
This place is my favorite for lunch!  After discovering Baiz on yelp I have been back for lunch almost once a week, sometimes more.  I usually get the chicken shawarma plate.  Wish it came with hummus, but it's available as a side.  Kabobs are good also, but they take awhile because they are cooked to order.  They make their own pita, it's always fresh.

You have to try this place if you haven't before!  Great food, friendly staff, and a market full of food you can't find in other grocery stores, you can shop while you wait for take out.
Enjoyed a fun little UYE here today for lunch, this time joined by Jackie C., Mike C., Scott D., Jon H. and Robyn N.!  I went with a Combo plate that included Lamburger Kebabs on a bed of tasty Basmati rice, plus little sides of diced onion, tomato, mild green peppers and hummus, plus 3 big round Pita Bread.  (You assemble everything to your liking.)

This good-sized meal was delicious, and for a drink I went with a bottle of tasty Mango Lasso.     :-))

Lamb Kebab Combo $8.99, Mango Lasso $1.69.
I visited Al-Hana for the first time today for an Unofficial Yelp Event with Rand H., Robyn N., Mike C., Jackie C. and the other Jon H. I enjoyed some great Hummus and Pita Bread plus my main course of Lamb Kafta for $8.99 and a can of soda for $.099; this meal set me back $10.75 today.

Prior to arriving, I perused some reviews and the menu. Pro Tip - this place is not located in the ghetto as some reviewers have mentioned. I did not have to use any of my martial arts training to get into and out of the restaurant. There was decent parking at about 11:10 when I got there. 

As I'm writing this review 4 hours later, I can tell you that I'm still stuffed. I really enjoyed my food along with conversations with my awesome lunch companions. Thanks to Rand for "inviting" me. I probably would have not tried this place otherwise.
Little no frills cafe integrated with a small international market. Had the chicken shawarma which turned out to be excellent. Could be better with the addition of some side dishes but for those who want a small light inexpensive hot lunch this isn't a bad little gem.
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
I have to agree, service was slow despite how desolate the restaurant. Food was good and service is extra polite. The workers at this restaurant are very very humble. I believe the food is cooked fresh, so this is a huge positive, compared to so many buffet style restaurants. It also explains the longer than usual wait times.
I have a friend that likes to come here for lunch on a regular basis, and I will tag along from time to time.  It's a small Indian restaurant with a great eat-in lunch menu that includes soup and rice or naan.

The issue I have with this place is the inconsistency in the service and the quality of the food.  Sometimes the food is great and the service is fast.  Other times it seems that you have the service very slow and you have to ask for every single little thing, which seems to just annoy them and make the service even slower.

Also, although the lunch specials are a reasonable price (although the portion can be a bit on the small side), the dinner pricing is pretty expensive for what you get.
Nice little restaurant with great service. We had no problem with time, but we did let them know that we planned to be out the door in half an hour after ordering. Got our food in 15 minutes. Bit pricey for lunch.

$5.50 lunch special that they sometimes advertise on a sign outside is a decontented lunch special you probably won't order (soup, green salad, naan).... the majority of the other lunch specials are $7.50 to $8.50 in price.

I don't eat spicy food, and I found the "Medium" in the Chicken Mushroom Curry ($7.50) to be not spicy at all.

Watch out for the upsell. Particularly things like "Did you want any Naan?" because it does cost extra.
Surprisingly tasty Indian food and a really good price. Pretty sure it's buffet only. We stayed at the Hampton Inn on the other side of the parking lot and stopped in for lunch one afternoon. Definitely worthwhile if you have a hankering for some Indian food outside of Toronto. You can't really get away with bad Indian food in these parts, can you?
I'm a little sceptical, now I see the tip about the heath dept. Should've looked on yelp first, shucks! Despite that, I've already eaten here and can't take it back now. I thought it was flippin' great. It was my first time eating somewhere that only had India options. Everything was really great, though it was a small buffet. I liked all the vegetarian options too. Lots of 'em! At only $6 for ayce dinner buffet, how can you go wrong, er, right. The only thing that really threw me off was the fact that the waitress seated everyone on one half of the Restaurant, and it was a pretty busy night. I found this very odd. I would prefer to be away from people if the options there.
The woman at the desk at the Hampton Inn told us that "the food was cold" when she went to this restaurant across the parking lot from the hotel, but we like Indian, food, the kids will eat it, so we gave it a try.  What they call "Butter Chicken" tasted like Tiki Masala to me, and it was good.  The goat was kind of greasy.  The naan was okay, but a little cold.  The little veggie dumplings were good, and they had some made of sweet potatos.  Upon looking at my receipt, it appears homeboy added a 15% tip on top of the total, and I ended up giving 15% additional.  Not wise, especially for a buffet.
This was the worst Indian food I've ever tried in Canada. I went there for their buffet and it was absolutely horrible. Everything was bland and you can tell they reuse their old chicken in their curries. The best Indian restaurant in the KW area is definitely Empress of India. Avoid Masala Bay as they reuse old food.
Not bad, if you're looking for a quick Indian food fix. It's a buffet, with all regulars. The saag paneer wasn't bad, just very little cheese, and the butter chicken was decent. The goat curry seemed like it had a lot of bones in it, but my coworker enjoyed it. The server was good, and very polite. If I was staying at the Hampton inn and had to rush through dinner I'd go back, but I'd pass otherwise.
Taste food, good price
Great food. More variety than I expected walking in. Traditional and well spiced. Service is friendly and quick.
Work sent me to the next door Hampton Inn and I am glad I decided to check this restaurant out.
Manna had just opened next to our school in the newly bulit commercial plaza, and Theresa B. and I were meaning to check it out soon. Before we walked into the store, we noticed that they were having a deal: Buy one platter and get the second for 1/2 off. It was about 6pm, and the place was empty. The owner was on his computer, when we walked in, sitting in ordinary wood cafe-type chairs suitable for a fast food type of place. He automatically greeted us, and seemed very patient as we took our precious time browsing the menu. You can choose between just a sandwich or a platter, which includes a choice of fries or salad.

The badly-spelled menu had sections like "Manna Traditional Favorites, Chicken, Beef and Wrap, Soup and Salad, Sides Order, and Drinks and Deserts". The Manna Traditional section has items like the original gyro, chicken gyro, a sampler platter (hummus, tabbouleh, chicken kebab, gyro meat, falafel), gyro burger, and meat balls. The Chicken section has items like garlic chicken, chicken caesar, and chicken kabob. The Beef and Wrap has items like Beef Kabob, Beef Kefta, Mediterranean Burger, Falafel, and Vegetarian wrap. The Soup and Salad section has items like the Mediterranean Salad, and Tabbouleh (mix of chopped parsley, tomato, cracked wheat, extra virgin olive oil, and fresh lemon juice). The Sides section includes hummus, french fries, and grape leaves (mix of rice, beef, lemon wrapped in grape leaves! YUM!) The Drinks and Deserts (Desserts! hehe) section has Calcium Broth (Milk, Banana,Strawberry, Honey), Energy Drink (Carrot, Orange, Apple), rice pudding, baklava, and Airan (Homemade Yogurt).

Theresa B. and I decided on the Original Gyro and the Chicken Gyro sandwiches. The Original Gyro had grilled charbroiled beef and lamb topped with fresh red onion (very fresh!), tomato, tzatziki or Manna sauce. Surprisingly, after suspecting the lamb to smell and have the weird taste that I am not a big fan of, the lamb tasted very good. It didn't have that intense lamb smell. However, as I ate the lamb by itself without all the condiments with it, I could definitely taste the lamb, very subtle though...Ehhhh....The onions were so fresh too! I really needed to pop gum into my mouth or brush my pearlies after that!

The owner and associate were very nice, and asked our opinion about the food. They told us that it gets very busy at lunch time. 

I would definitely try their Falafel, Mediterranean Burger/Gyro Burger, baklava, grape leaves, among other things the next time...

*Could be a little pricey for Greek/Mediterranean food...

Here are some other things you might want to know:

If you want to pick up, call 15 minutes in advance.

They deliver: Minimum order is $20 w/ a limited area; $2 delivery charge

Catering is also available.
stumbled upon this little gem by accident and boredom and soo happy we did! 
they make alot of the menu items homemade and cater to vegetarians. i've tried lots of greek places in vegas and this place has the absolute best homemade pita's and falafel. very fresh food, clean restaurant, kind staff + cheap + fast, wow!!
Wow. Surprised to see so many reviews already! Glad this place is getting business...

On that note...I work near this place and decided to try it for lunch. It was good. I loved the Falafel, which is home made and as flavorful as I've ever had it. Ceasar salad on the platter was just average, but tasty non-the-less. 

I loved their hummus and tabulleh. Very fresh. Everything was very fresh and definitely prepared for order. Nothing tasted stale or greasy. Very accomodating owners. Chicken gyro/regular gyro was also definitely above average.

Chicken shawarma was very disappointing, though. The meat was not very flavorful, and I've had much better shawarmas pretty much anywhere. Fries were not dinner fries, but of the "thin" variety. Expected the "meaty" tesxture diner fries, a bit of a disappointment.

Atmosphere is tha of a "lunch" spot, very barely decorated, and has that "food court" feel. 

Overall, this place is gret for the food. Of course, certain dishes taste better than others, but overall a great and healthy choice for lunch. I would highly recommend this one for flavorful vegetarian options.
Only went here one time. I'd ordered a kabobs meal from there and didn't like it. Pricey for not so enjoyable meal. People are friendly, but I'm not so sure about the food.
there are better greek/mediterranean places around.
Okay...this place is becoming a bit less good. I think with the bad times the quality of food is slipping...as much as I'd love for this place to stay in business, they must do so by getting their food back to their old standards, since their prices are already on the high side for an average lunch eater on lunch break.

Last couple times I was here and ordered to go, I was given Styrofoam containers that had old grease caked in there already and gyros were lukewarm at best. Hummus was also not as fresh as I came to like it from here. I did still like the falafel and the tabouli.

To be fair, it's been about 1.5 months since I came here and I'll give it a try again in the next couple of weeks and will update, but for now I'm a bit disappointed with the downward outlook of this place.
This place is awesome!!!

I went here with two of my friends and between the three of us, we tried a bunch of dishes. The food is excellent! And the owners are pretty cool, too. They came out of the kitchen to check on us (no waiter service) and talk a bit. The woman told us that it takes her two days to make the fresh hummus from scratch, because she does everything, down to soaking and grinding the beans. I hadn't had falafel in a long time, and the ones served here were awesome! They tasted just like I remember them. Mmmmm!

The prices are decent, too. My falafel meal was under $5, though you can also get other items, more food for more.

This is my new favorite greek place to eat. :)
My husband and I stopped for their lunch special.  Very good gyros...Didn't try anything else.  Everything looked good.  Reasonable lunch specials.  
My only issue with Manna Taste of Mediterranean is it's location.  You would either have to be in the area of Gibson and the 215 or be specifically headed there.  Otherwise kind of out of the way.
This was brought in as a catered lunch for the office. I'm not a big fan of greek food, but hey you only live once so "seize the food!". haha

I'm guessing it was the lunch special. I had the boxed special? which consisted of Salad, Chix gyro? it wasnt that bad.

Considering this place is around the corner? its a possible lunch place to hit when I'm tired of the usual lunch food.
I ordered the chicken shawarma plus fries and small soda for an additional $2.00. I also ordered hummus.

1. The chicken was plain grilled chicken. It was NOT even shawarma (meat that is grilled on a spit and shaved off). The lettuce and tomato was dry. And there were pickles, not even picked veggies...WTF? The pita was at least warmed up.
2. Fries were acceptable.
3. The texture of the hummus was smooth but boring. It didn't even have a distinct chickpea flavor.
4. Ambience: It looks like it's going to go out of business soon. It was kind of depressing.

This experience really made me miss Zankou Chicken in California.
I've tried a few items - the only thing I really liked is the falafel. Warm lavash wrap with yummy homemade falafel. The schwarma is too fatty for me - I like to be able to eat sandwiches without picking through the meat. Will return for the falafel - good deal for $4.49.
This place is mediocre at best. I've come here several times because it is close to my workplace. Each time I somehow managed to get screwed over. It's come to the point where I come back with the curiosity to find out how I could get screwed this time. It's quite comical. Other than that, the food isn't that bad and I'll keep coming cause Greek food is healthier than fast food.
The food is pretty good. I got the greek salad with grilled chicken, which is $10.50. Its just too expensive for fast food.
I've driven by this place a few times & finally got around to giving it a try tonight. We called to see if they had a menu somewhere online after unsuccessfully trying to find it ourselves. They gave us their web address which I also added to the business info above. 

Anyway, hubby ordered the Philly Cheesesteak b/c he wasn't in the mood for mediterranean food but was still happy to pick it up for me to satisfy my craving (awww!) I decided to try the Combo plate which according to the website gives you a choice of  "any two items of Chicken, Beef, Shish Kabob or Gyro" along with salad rice & pita. Perfect b/c I like to have leftovers the next day for lunch. I wanted the chicken & beef & I guess the guy then said "shish kebob?" to which my husband replied yes.

Hubby went & picked up the food, got home & I opened my box to find Kefta kabobs. Hubby called them back to say you gave us the wrong thing & that he needed to come back & pick up the right thing. I guess the misunderstanding stemmed from when the employee asked if he wanted the shish kabob & us not realizing that the kabob is only kefta. Why he asked him shish kabob? after hubby clearly ordered the chicken & beef combo plate makes little to no sense but whatever. The misunderstanding was worked out & they handled it nicely, apologized & gave us what we should have gotten the 1st time. 

The food was pretty good. Nicely seasoned & well cooked. It came with Caesar salad which I thought was odd. I much prefer a greek style salad. Hubby's Philly was just ok but what do you expect from a mediterranean place? lol 

All in all it was a good meal despite the mix-up & I'm sure we will order from them again. They are really close to our house which also made the mix-up a little easier to deal with, & it's great to have a place like this nearby for a quick, tasty & somewhat healthy meal when I don't feel like cooking!
Thoroughly enjoyed my Chicken Gyro and the dulmas that I had today.  The meat was very juicy and well marinated, the vegetables and pita were also quite fresh.  The atmosphere could use a bit of improvement, but the quality of the food more than makes up for it.  This is a Mediterranean gem that needs a bit more exposure.  Highly recommended for something different than the usual fare.
Best gryo I have had since we moved here!
I will not return. For the third time, I ordered a falafel with NO TOMATOES to go, confirmed with the person who handed me my food that no tomatoes were involved, then returned home to find tomatoes. The first time, I just threw it out because I did not have time to return (allergic - can't just take them off - and told them this when I ordered.) Second time I went back and they had just run out of falafel so they could not re-make my food. I got a schwarma instead and did not like it. Just got home and yet again there are tomatoes in my falafel sandwich! I called to tell them I would not be back and then got on Yelp. Absolutely ridiculous that they have not once made me a falafel sans tomatoes yet I have ordered it 3 times! Plus prices went up $1 since last time! So I have now spent almost $20 on falafel there and the only thing I even ate from those orders was a fatty schwarma.
Lamb Gyro's are delish !!!! Even the Baklava is homemade. I will return again for more.
Don't bother with the philly's
So this might be my new favorite place. Mom & Pop place. I got there around 1115 and there were already 4 tables sitting, it opens at 10 am.  I ordered the chicken kabob plate, greek salad [dressing on the side], rice and pitas.  I told 'pop' that I was trying to eat healthy so they put all the sauces on the side.  My lunch was a little under $11.  I had to take some of it  home!!! The portion sizes are huge.  They also have a TV in there where they had on the Food Network, score!  

This place is not fancy, it's great for a quick lunch. The salad was amazing. Real romaine lettuce cut and washed there, it was super fresh and crunchy.  The salad might've been my favorite part. 

Mom & Pop were very anxious to see how I liked the food and encouraged me to come back!

I've eaten at several Greek Restaurants in town, all were more expensive, and not nearly as good.
I've eaten here over a dozen times and know it quite well. I guess the fact that I've returned so many times probably counts for something. The owners are friendly and will often ask you how you are doing and what they can do to improve your dining experience.

Sometimes I come away incredibly satisfied with the portion sizes and seasoning. I often enjoy their shawerma wraps with a bit of hot sauce. I've tried all of the chicken wraps with varied results-- sometimes they come out dry and sometimes they come out awesome. The fries are a tasty snack. I don't enjoy the gyros here near as much as I do at nearby Greek Bistro -- it feels like the tzatsiki sauce just isn't that authentic. I've had dinner platters here and absolutely loved them. I've also had kabob wraps and found the meat to be painfully dry. Or awesome, it just varies.

I like this place because it is conveniently located near the 215 and Touro University. I also like the fact that it's a mom and pop owned establishment. However, the bottom line is that the service and quality here varies. Some of the employees come across as a bit apathetic and I think this comes through in the food. I recommend this place during lunch time because its a hell of a lot better than paying the same amount of money for a generic, corporate sub from you-know-where and they do have some delicious recipes. I encourage you to give it a shot-- it's relatively unique as a fast food Mediterranean joint.
Sometimes things are not as good the 2nd time around. I first became aware of Manna at the San Gennaro Feast when after wandering around food purgatory, the scent of their food saved me. I loved their food  then and was looking forward to checking out their main location on Gibson Rd. just North of the I-215. 

When I walked in I was the only customer. There was a man and woman sitting at a table talking and the man got up when I came in and went behind the counter. I placed my order for Garlic Chicken (Shawarma), a side of fries and a fountain drink. Nothing too adventurous, stick with the relative safe stuff was the mindset. 

I have a problem with merchants that make you sign debit card receipts for purchases under $25. Manna is one of those places who hasn't figured out that you don't have to do this anymore. But moving past the pet peeve I'm handed a drink cup and turn to the fountain...which is disgusting. It's sitting on a stainless steel counter which makes it easy to clean. But this was not clean, far from it. I wish I had snapped a picture of it to illustrate the problem. I managed to carefully make my drink and look around for any utensils...those are up by the main counter and not logically placed at all. And there are no napkins to be found. None. So I grab what I can and look for a table to sit at. 

My table choices are ick, ickier, and no, I don't think so. Does anyone know how to wield the almighty wash cloth or sponge here? Doesn't seem like it. I find a table that has minimal ick and have a seat. My food arrives pretty quick...as it's being prepared I see two guys in the back, one of them sharpening knives and then carving my chicken on the spot so this looked good. But what came to my table was boring food! Garlic chicken? I didn't taste ANY garlic in my food. None. And the chicken was also dry. Thank goodness for the fries, as they were just as good as the ones I had at the San Gennaro Feast. They kept me from going hungry and having a flavorless lunch. 

This place represents my fear of trying new places in a nutshell. I get the courage up to go in and try something new...and then I get bleech, unmemorable food. While I was sitting there the guy working the counter stepped outside and looked at his Open sign It was on, but I knew why nobody was coming in. When the guy working the counter leaves dirty trays and half eaten food sitting on top of the trash can while he watches South Park, and the food they served seems to have missed out on any kind of spices much less garlic it becomes quite clear they've got problems. 

How this place stays in business is a testament to divine intervention. It's a guardian angel keeping this place open, not the quality of their food. At least the guardian angel keeps you from needing the kaopectate afterwards. If you dare to try it I don't suggest leaving a tip, bring them a clean sponge or pack of dish cloths instead. 

1 star: The french fries earned it, nothing else did.
It's about time I tried this Mediterranean joint I've passed many times before.  Tonight, I finally decided to try Manna.  It's located in a strip mall with other eateries like Subway, Roberto's, etc.  Here's what I thought about this place:

AMBIANCE:  Well, what can I say...there was nothing that distinguished the inside of Manna from a Roberto's a couple of doors down.  Small tables around the restaurant.  At the back of the restaurant, there's a glass case big enough for lots of trays of desserts.  Unfortunately there was 4 trays top, which took up less than half the case.  I'm going to blame it on the fact that it was early in the evening.

FOOD:  I got the chicken kabobs (grilled chicken breast, long grain rice, flat bread and Greek salad) for $9.95, shish kabobs (ground seasoned beef grilled, long grain rice, flat bread and Greek salad) for $9.95 and the fried zucchini (deep fried zucchini chips, served with a marinara sauce) for $3.99.

The chicken was moist and seasoned lightly.  The rice was a little oily and having the flat bread gives another texture component.  The salad was served with a Greek vinaigrette.  Although the shish kabobs were served with the same sides.  The ground beef, although flavorful, was a little dry.  The zucchini was super crunchy and offered a lot of texture to the dish.  The marinara sauce was really runny, so when I dipped the zucchini chips, nothing really stayed on the chip.  

All in all, the place was a good choice for dinner.  For being a fast food joint, Manna did make a delicious meal.  Kudos for the quick and tasty!
Gross, gross, gross.

All the tables were sticky and disgusting.  When I asked for napkins to clean the table (they were behind the counter), the male employee gave me ONE.  After I specified that the table was really dirty.  He really should have offered to wipe it down for me, but instead, I was handed a single napkin.  Incredible.

The food wasn't good.  My gyro meat was chewy and dry, like it had been left out or something.  I actually couldn't eat it.  My side was a Greek salad, which was (for the lack of a better term) soupy.  There was so much dressing that it made a mess of my plate and all the lettuce was soggy. 

If you're nearby and want to have some (much better) Greek food, try The Great Greek.
Having eaten Mediterranean food all my life this is bad food for the price. There are other better Mediterranean joints around this place that's for sure.
I've driven by this restaurant SOOO many times (it's on the way to work) but have never tried it.  Partly because of the number of negative Yelp feedback it has received.  Partly because when I pull into this parking lot I'm always in the mood for a carne asada burrito at Roberto's.  But since seeing The Avengers last weekend, I've had an undying craving for shawarma so today I had to feed that monster.

Ordered the shawarma plate which came with steak shawarma, hummus, a salad and pita.  All of it was delicious and very fresh.  The pita was crazy soft and warm.  The hummus was adequate, not a whole lot of flavor but nice and smooth.  I was disappointed that they didn't have lamb but the steak shawarma was tender, flavorful and perfect.

I also ordered a side of dulmas.  I'm a sucker for stuffed grape leaves and these didn't disappoint.  Soft, flavorful, delicious.  They probably didn't need to serve it in a separate styro-box though and the bed of shredded lettuce they were lying on was unnecessary and a bit annoying.

Mama suggested I try her falafel next time I came in--she makes it from scratch, not from powder.  I told her I'm not a big falafel fan but she insisted I'd like these.  Will check it out next time!

Took mine to go so I can't attest to the "stickiness" of the tables or anything but the place looked clean to me.  I sat in the little corner booth with the low table while I waited for my food--thought it was a pretty nice touch.  I'd totally sit there with a group of people.

Bonus points for the poster of Tony Stark in his Iron Man suit in the front window..."What is shawarma?"  :)

I'll definitely be back.
The first time I came here I ordered the gyro and chicken salad.  They were both pretty good.  
I stopped by because of the ad on the front of the building showing Shwarma.  Unfortunately, it was friday 5pm and they were sold out until Monday?  three days with out having one of their big advertised items?  The guy at the front desk is not friendly.  Seems to really not like his job, may be related to the owners and forced to work there??!?
I decided to come back and see if they had Shwarma - Tuesday, and they had it.  I ordered the Shwarma, took it home only to be disappointed.  It was very dry, hard to find any sauce, and wrapped in a stale pita.
I have had better Shwarma from a stand at the Mall.  I will not be coming back for Shwarma here.
It is my first time trying this place. I haven't really had a Mediterranean food type before but a new place to be. Awesome food and outstanding service. A must try restaurant if you haven't tried Mediterranean food yet. I would definitely recommend this place to other people seeking to try "Shawarma". It is really good....
I too allowed the negative reviews to keep me away from this place even though its close to home. I finally came in dying for a good gyro and with low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff is warm and friendly. The customers seem to be regulars and the tzatziki sauce is AMAZING. The tables and chairs are admittedly best for waiting for your food to go, there's no comfort or style to the decor...but its a neighborhood grab and go spot so what do you expect?!
This is the worst place I have eaten in Henderson! The service is awful I dont even think the owners know when someone comes into the place to eat. I practically had to yell to get some some service. That and the food is awful!!!! avoid this place at all costs.
Yum!
The food is great!  My family and I ordered all different meals and loved it all....lamb shwarma, chicken kabob, luleh kabob, tzatziki, hummus, tabbouleh, garlic sauce...everything fresh. The pita is amazing.
I got it to go, but while waiting had a nice conversation with Papa. 
Reminds me of the great Mediterranean restaurants back home in Glendale, CA.
I've been eating here quite a bit over the past few weeks and have had nothing but good experiences every time. The owners (husband & wife I think) are super nice and always greet me with a warm smile and hello.

The chicken shawarma plate or chicken shawarma sandwich is what I usually get and the meat is moist and flavorful. While I would like to see some pickled vegetables with the plates (like Yalla! has), it really isn't that big of a deal. The hummus is pretty flavorful; I wouldn't say it is an award winner, but it is still very tasty. The salad that comes with the plate is just a small side-salad, but the dressing is good and it fills that veggie role of the meal. The french fries here are awesome; I know that really isn't a selling point for anybody, but they are different than most restaurant's french fries. Crispier and full of flavor.

I can't say the interior is something to write home about, just a small "mom&pop" shop that caters mostly to carry-out orders probably. But really, who cares what the place looks like? I mean, it isn't at all bad looking inside. Quite the opposite, everything is new, it's just small and not ambient. But again, who cares about that, the food is what you should care about.

All in all i give a 4/5. Not perfect, but a great place to grab a quick bite or take out some delicious Mediterranean food!

PS. Don't listen to all of these posts from 2012 and early in 2013. I don't know if it was  different a year or two ago, but the place is spot on now! At least give it a try for yourself, a meal is like $10-12 bucks. Don't forget the garlic sauce!
Not sure what everyone's problem is I thought it was fine.  Great place for quick Mediterranean food. Walked in with a friend and the place looked very clean. There was a woman cleaning the tables and a man behind the counter.  I asked the man about some of the food and he was more than friendly! 

We ended up ordering a Shawarma plate and a combo dinner (Kifta and Chicken) to go. The man said we had to wait about 10 mins for the Chicken to grill and was very apologetic about having us wait.  It was no problem! When the food was ready he gave to us with another apology for the wait and told us to enjoy.

The food was great. Shawarma came with a lot of meat, Hummus, bread, Salad and Tzaki sauce. Combo dinner came with grilled chicken, kifta (I guess you can say its like meatloaf patty), rice, salad, salad dressing separately, Tzaki sauce, and some garlicy white stuff that tasted good, but I have no idea what it was. 

Didn't rate 5 stars because, while I won't say its was expensive, it wasn't the cheapest place around and the selection was all that big. I'll definitely be coming again though.
Excellent baba ganoush and gyros!! Found this place because it's right next to Touro, where I went to nursing school. Graduated 5 years ago and moved to the southwest area of Vegas, but I still find myself driving back to Henderson just for some amazing Mediterranean food. Their pita is so soft and warm. One of the best gyros I have ever had. The husband and wife who run the place are very friendly, and always smiling when I walk in. Will always come back.
This was my first Gyro experience; I wasn't impressed. Since then I've had better Gyros. I don't know what it was, but it just wasn't good.
I love Gyros and this wasn't the place to get a good one.  There are way better places around the Henderson area to get one.  Prices seemed too high as well
The food itself seems bland and the rice seemed old. Would rather go to the great greek.
Phenomenal eats! We highly recommend eating here! Everything we order here is simply yummy!
I live pretty close to this place so I figured I'd stop in & give it a try. The woman was not very friendly, but I tipped her anyway. I ordered a chicken gyro/salad combo & took it to go. I got home & it was not chicken but lamb. I don't eat lamb, so I called & told them about the error & placed a new order. When I walked in, the woman who had taken my order didn't even look at me much less offer an apology for the inconvenience. The man was nice, but he didn't apologize either.  The food was okay, but the chicken was kind of bland. I'm sorry, but quality of service is just as important as the quality of the food. Not sure I'll be back.
A fantastic family owned restaurant that serves healthy delicious food for great prices! Thus food is made fresh daily and seasoned so perfectly. I can't get enough of their chicken schwarma, marinated juicy chunks of white meat. My son loves their Gyros, fresh pita warm and smelling so good with homemade tatzyicki with the perfect tang!!!  The beef and chicken are amazing. A must try!
mmmmmm Kabob.

I enjoyed this place and will go back, perhaps today.  They serve Lebanese style meats with rice and pita.  They've got a great lunch special which comes with 4 different types of meat, rice, salad and pita for like $6.50!  Everything was very tasty and seemed fresh.  My only complaint was some of the meats were a little bland, but not too bad, I just like a LOT of flavor.
One I should give this place 4 stars for having the common sense to be located near the Ducati dealer and not charging prices relative to it :)   

What used to be a fair uneventful; deli has been rescued from fake NY blandness into something altogether more agreeable.   Now it's a bit unfair to review this for it's main output since I -had- to have, a   bastardization of the cuisine and try the    beef shawarma sub . 

 I love when fast foods collide, a la Chino Bandito and the  Corn Beef  mini chimis at  Tim Finnegans.     So a large sub with  the meat, lettuce, tomato and  mustard on it was really filling, everything fresh and  pretty quick  turnaround for those on the go. 

Lunch specials look good, staff friendly and it's spotless   will  definitely  be adding this to my lunch spot rotation.
Upgraded to 4 stars.  Went back for the lunch special and walked out well fed and relatively well off  the lunch special and drink came to a tiny bit over $7.    It's  not a place to be in a rush ( e.g if you are grab and go) but  it's by no means excessive . I used to be patient back home but the US has reset  my  internal service clock   from  Q to now! so it's probably not that accurate an assessment.      It's fresh,  it's reasonably priced, clean and isn't a taco, burger, chicken item and holy crap real plates, real silverware.  

May not seem like a big thing  but it's really hard to take people to lunch  from work  were paper  and plastic refers  not to the take out bag but to the  utensils and plates. 

And it's next door to the Ducati store:)
I was really hoping for good food.   I knew when I walked in and saw a mile long deli case, plastic chairs and tables up against the wall and dim lighting that there was no ambiance or service to be had.   The shawarma was dry (how do you do that?), the rice tasteless, the kabobs greasy & bland and the hummus almost inedible.   The service was non existent.   Go to Pita Jungle or go to Tempe or Gilbert and go to Phoenicia.   Kabob Inn is not going to last with the food & service that they're providing.   This hurts my heart as I wish independently owned businesses would thrive in the area, and I miss good mediterranean food being a Dearborn native.  Very sad.
I too had the lunch special and thought for the price it was a good deal. My pita bread was ice cold and stale, which sort of put a damper on the whole meal. I was expecting more. I liked the variety of meat selections served with the lunch special, but the steak was grizzly. Also, the rice was just okay - it was a tad dry. Also, the decor and ambiance was nothing special and sort of depressing. I'll probably go back and try them again, but I'm not racing back.
On the corner of a dirty little strip mall, this little place blends in with the other various ethnic storefronts, but don't let that scare you- the food is worth the trip. 

The decor of the place is not bad- nice tables and chairs with a little vase of fake flowers- no corny painting on the wall, and no pretense of trying to be someplace they aren't. It's a simple place, with simple food. 

I had the falafel, and my companion had the lamb. All entrees come with salad- which is really a plate of cut up veggies (cucumber, pickles, jalapeno, onion), cilantro, and yogurt sauce, pita bread, and soup. The soup tasted like lamb broth. Not my favorite. It wasn't bad with rice and cilantro added to it, but it wasn't that great either.

The falafel was really good- a little crunchier than I am used to, but the flavor was fantastic. The lamb was good too- i'm not a big fan of lamb, but this was really tasty. 

Traditional hot tea can be had for a mere fifty cents, but I advise you ask them not to sweeten it if you're a purist. They put quite a bit of sugar in it. 

All in all, a good trip. Our bill topped out at an amazingly cheap $16 and change, and we had leftovers. Well worth it.
This place is what Yelp is all about. One of Phoenix's hidden gems.
Al Rafedin is a tiny restaurant in a run down looking strip mall at 37th Ave and Camelback serving some great Middle Eastern Food.

You have your traditional items, kabobs, chicken, lamb, falafel and hummus, sandwiches and entrees served with rice.
The portions are large and served with soup, which was a lamb broth and come with a plate of radishes, pickles, onions, jalapenos, a lemon wedge and cilantro. Pita bread is also served with the meals.
The food is fresh and prepared as you order it.

Al Rafedin family owned and operated. We were served by the son and the father, who was also the chef. Both were very friendly and welcoming as well as the patrons. 

The authenticity of the food was verified by the fact we were the only Anglos in the place, all the other customers were Middle Eastern. In fact, the owner told us this is the place where all the local Middle Eastern people come for food. If you love Middle Eastern food, this place is the best this side of the Tigris and Euphrates.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.

Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere. 

We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.  

Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!    

It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!)
So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.  

Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.

He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...

After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.

I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
So stopped by this place for lunch today.  I've been driving past it for quite some time, waiting for the right time to stop in, well today was my not so lucky day.

Our experience started out just fine, we were welcomed with a nice genuine smile and we sat wherever  we liked in a very comfortable homey atmosphere. 

We perused the simple menu (that was filthy dirty) and decided on a falafel sandwich and the tikka sandwich(lamb and beef).  We were promplty advised that he didn't have sandwiches and we had to order a dinner platter.  Mind you, there are no prices on the dirty menu, aside from the modestly priced sandwiches.  So we opted for chicken and falafel.  We also ordered a side of hummus $2.50.  

Our food came out and everything was okay.  The falafel was the best thing, but as the other revues read came with the plate of veggies/pickles yogurt sauce and some pita.  At this point I'm looking down at everything that would be on a sandwich, including pita bread...but "we have no sandwich"....UM OKAY!!    

It was alot of food, we picked untill we had our fill and then the check came.  Well, the verbal bill was $34.  WHAT?????  $34 DOLLARS FOR LUNCH, THIS IS NOT RUTHS CHRIS STEAKHOUSE...AND THE FOOD WAS AVERAGE!!!!! (I thought to myself!)
So I was about to pay..when I was like no way..  I went over to the menu on the wall.  They were over charging me $10.00.  I graciously confronted the son enquiring why it cost so much.  The father immediately chimed in from the kitchen and walked out with a raised voice being confrontational.  

Ok, I'm never out to get something for free... this was alot of money for 2 for lunch..c'mon.

He barges out of the kitchen with a hand full of ground meat ..yes raw ground meat! Then he hands the fist full of raw meat to his son out in the restaurant.  His son whom has been handling money grabs the raw meat and heads to the kitchen.  Then he begins typing numbers into the register ..I'm correcting him on the prices as I'm reading them from the wall.  He keeps trying to charge me 3.50 for yogurt sauce which we did not order and presumed was part of the meal, as it would've been to dry to palate with out it.  NO QUESTION.  I keep telling him, sir we did not order the yogurt sauce, you just keep trying to charge us for it...

After an upsetting escalated several minutes we came to an understanding that the bill was $24.  As per prices posted on the wall and what we had ordered.  He made us feel like we were trying to pull one over on him, when actually it was the other way around.  I handed him $30 dollars and promptly left.  THIS WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.

I was really hoping to love this place.  I love supporting local business, and I love middle eastern food.  I wish them the best.
today was my second visit to the gyro house. i was craving something mediterranean and remembered this place isn't too far from work. located in a nondescript ... no, that's not the right word ... rundown ... nope, that's still not quite right ... ok, completely ghetto, half empty strip mall that also houses a chinese restaurant and a second hand clothing store, the place does not look promising from the outside.  inside, there are 15 or so tables, comfortable molded plastic chairs and an extensive menu to choose from. everything on the menu is fairly priced with the most expensive being "dinner for 2" at $21.95. fountain drinks are $1. sandwiches ($5.95 - $6.95) are served with fries. i had the homemade falafel on a pita with super secret spices, fresh lettuce and tomato (and onion, but i picked that out) and it was yummy! french fries were hot, crispy and unsalted. i prefer them that way ... this way i can salt to my heart's content. anyway, the place isn't fancy, but it is fresh and clean, family owned and serves up some really good food. if you dig fancy, look no further than the back of the restaurant where they sell some pretty fancy-schmancy hookahs, and prices look fair to boot! so there you have it ... homemade falafel, french fries and fancy hookahs. what could be better? to me, not much. gyro house has earned a solid 4 stars from me.
We would give this place 6 stars if we could! This place is nothing to look at from the outside; in fact, we probably never would have stopped there if I hadn't read some reviews. This place is phenomenal, it's family owned and run, the owner is always working and friendly. They have the best gyros in Phoenix (and we have tried a lot!) and their hummus is made fresh daily and amazing! We always get top notch service when we go in there and they have fun little trivia booklets to keep you occupied while you wait. The gyro house is definitely a favorite!!
The food is tastey and affordable.
The atmosphere is friendly.
I promise you will be satisfied.
A hidden gem.
Like many hidden gems, the Gyro House is tucked in a nondescript, pretty empty strip mall. Luckily I stumbled onto this place and it's become a favorite lunch spot.

My favorites are the gyros, which are made fat and fantastic. You can grab one with fries for under $7. They have a lot of Middle Eastern faves like falafel and baba ghanoush, or if you're in for a bigger meal there's the kebabs or shawerma.

Bottom line is you won't find a better gyro for the price, and the good food and friendly staff have me going back at least once a week.
Love this place! The inside is nothing special but for a quick bite to eat is is tasty and the price is right. Owner is very nice and the gyros are excellent. My mom lives nearby and I go often.
So, I live near to the Gyro House. That being said, I love this place, the staff is friendly, everyone remembers the regulars, and it should get more exposure. The food is very good and really the owners add the little touch of care that I appreciate a lot. Every time I come I am stepping into a place where I am recognized and appreciated. It is a pleasant departure. It is small, the food is good, it is what you need.
I have never been a huge fan of Mediterranean food, but I am officially converted!! 

Let me start by saying the Gyro house has the best chicken gyro I've ever had!I would definitely agree with the other reviewers that aesthetically, this place is not something to look at. It's located in a small strip mall and the restaurant itself is not the fanciest. However, it definitely has character. It looks like your run-of-the-mill small, local business. The owner was in the store when I went in, and he was super friendly and I received great customer service.

Now for the good part... the food! I ordered a chicken gyro with french fries. Both were delish! The chicken was very tender and was served on the fluffiest pita bread I've ever tasted. It was topped with lettuce, tomato, red onion (which I picked off), and tzaziki sauce. I paid about $7.50 for my meal, and it was definitely worth every penny. If you're a fan of a great gyro, this is the place for you!
This place is great.  The food is amazing.  Everything they say in the other reviews.  The only drawback is the decor and location.
Lets get the positives out of the way first. Okay now that we have covered that, lets move on to what is wrong with this place. 

Oh Yelpers you did me wrong on this one. Of course they might have been having an off day but I will never know. 

I want to be very clear that in no way did the black hair in my tzatziki sauce effect my rating of this restaurant, as a matter of fact it was the attitude of the employees about the hair that didn't do them any favors. I realize that humans (most) have hair and from time to time one wanders into food, and that is a part of life. Not worth getting hot and bothered about in my mind. But when I show it to you and you show it to the cook, then proceed to dish up another dish of it (all the while talking in your native tongue so I have no idea what you are saying) and simply hand it to me with a "there you go." ??? Really? No "sorry about that" even? No good kids. 

Okay there were some good things, the prepubescent version of the tzatziki sauce was one of the best I have ever had, and the rice was cooked to perfection. However comma what I was served was not what I had envisioned from past experience, what I was served was chicken soy sauce stir-fry with onions, A Greek salad that was reasonably fresh but soaked in vinegar dressing. 

And the final nail in the coffin were the mini wedges of dried out stale pita bread. What I am I supposed to do with this? How about a freshly warmed whole pita or flat bread so I can put the ingredients inside like a wrap? It was like trying to pile meat, rice, sauce and lettuce onto a really thick corn  chip. 

I recommend taking a pass on this place, or if you feel if you do, don't get the "shawarma" plate. 

BTW, this is how Shawarma meat should be cooked. http://www.sanobar.com.sg/images/shawarma-org.jpg 

Notice no goopy reduced soy sauce mess? Blechk!
Oh have mercy. Every time I am in Phoenix I NEED to go to the Gyro House. No menu required... I just order the lamb gyro. It comes with a basket of thick, hot fries that I continue to burn my tongue on. I never learn. The gyro is flavorful with just the right amount of yogurt sauce and red onions. The lamb is cooked until it's a little crunchy and the pita is always soft and chewy. Mmm. The place itself isn't that charming, but the family who runs the place is very nice. I am glad to give them my business!
Wow.  This place is great!   I rarely go for gyros so I'm not sure what to compare them too,  all I know is that it was really tasty!!!  Well worth the price for What you get.
The menu from the Gyro House is a staple around our house. If we lack the energy to make dinner at the end of a long day, chances are we're calling in an order. I've been telling myself that I would get on here and promote this place for ages.  These small mom/pop restaurants where pride is still taken in the food are exactly what most neighborhoods lack. The owner is friendly and energetic and is quick to get your order in with the kitchen. I typically order the large salad topped with gyro meat which comes with pita bread...I wish I stopped there. This place serves some mean steak fries for cheap and I struggle to say no when they offer them up.   If you're in the area and you're not picky about decor for your dining experience...try this place out!

Great food, family run, and pretty darn speedy!
They have the best gyro meat in town. and their Greek Salad with gyro is my favorite.
wonderful family business! I will definitely keep going back.
Good, cheap, Greek. We've gotten take-out at least three times from Gyro House and have loved everything we've eaten so far. It's inexpensive and you get generous portions. Yeah, the inside is not fantastic, but we wouldn't choose to dine-in anyway. I recommend Gyro House for sure!
Awful... not even mediocre. I am giving them one star out of sheer awe that they have managed to stay open this long.  I am shocked at the positive reviews and can only surmise that the owners have lots of family and friends or there are a lot of folks in this area who just don't know any better.
Good food and great service, but couldn't give it a 5 stars because they don't serve lamb. Not sure what they put in the rice, didn't know rice could taste that good.
This is my kind of place; a really great dive. First off, the owners are extremely friendly. I wanted to try a falafel and I didn't want to purchase the entire platter. I got hooked up.  The babaganoush is the real deal. The Gyro's have a ton of flavor. The prices are dirt cheap. I dig the Gyro House!
Great place to have near home when a gyros craving hits. The food is always good, if not great, and prices are very reasonable, We've had just about everything on the menu and havnt found a thing we didnt like. I wish they still did the cabbage roll specials, best I ever had.
This place took me bu surprise. It was delicious. The gyro meat is was spiced and cooked to perfection. The salads were great and very fresh. Cant wait to go back.
From the time we entered the door, until the time we left, the operators of this establishment treated us like on of the family. The atmosphere is homely and inviting. There seemed to be quite a bit of hookah smoking going on, which just added to the authentic environment. Unfortunately, we were there for carryout, but we will go back soon to enjoy a full sit down meal. We are looking forward to it.
It's a lot to say but I this place had the best gyro I've ever had.  I guess that makes the name appropriate.  I had the traditional gyro with the side salad substitution and not only was the pita soft, warm, with just a slight crunch, but the meat inside was perfectly cooked, seasoned, and with nice big chunks (though still tender).  Even the side salad was good, with lots of feta and taste, instead of the typical side greek salad you get at most places that looks like it was thrown together in 30 seconds and maybe came out of a bag.  Definitely recommend this place and will be hitting it again.  P.S. The baklava they have is HUGE!  It's bigger than a rolled taco, instead of the tiny slices you get elsewhere.
The gyro was okay.  The hummus tasted store-bought and the baklava which was supposedly made by Grandma was disgusting.
Great gyros. Kids loved them. Meat was big flavorful and juicy. I will be back
Once again, I found myself in an area that I was unfamiliar of what there is to eat.  I pulled out my yelp and looked up "greek restaurants" nearby.  Gyro House popped up and had good marks.  I ordered the greek salad with gyro meat and it cost me about $9.00. My order came out in good time and it was PACKED with gyro meat. Good flavor and filling. I could have used more pepperconi and tomato but no biggie it was still done well. I probably won't find myself this far north Phoenix again, BUT if I do- I would certainly visit Gyro House.
Went to the Gyro House for lunch today.  My sister has been telling me about this place for awhile.  I wasn't disappointed.  Family run business.  Marlene (I hope I got your name right?) was awesome!  The beef gyro was excellent.  The pita bread warm and so fresh it must've been made this morning.  I used to by Pita Bread back in Oxnard from a greek bakery so I know good pita bread!  Anyway, the gyro had just the right amount of meat with a great sauce, lettuce, tomatoes etc. It came with big fat fries cooked to perfection.   Ordered the baklava to go and it was delicious!  My only regret is this place isn't closer!
Gyro house is one of those places you never want to leave your area. Great Gyro's and very nice owners.. The whole family is here pretty often.

They have a large screen TV which always is showing one of the Finals games(NBA), and hookah is $10 here. LOVE IT!
My husband and I love this place and luckily it's really close to home.  They have the best gyros and the fries are amazing.  This is typically our lunch on Saturday.  Yummy
My husband and I just ate at this restaurant tonight and it was delicious.  We got hummus for an appetizer and each had the gyro sandwich. He got his with steak fries and I got a side salad. Everything was great. The side salad was exceptional. 

The restaurant is located in a shopping center. The decor is dated, however, it's not quite a dive. The location and decor are the only reasons I didn't give it 5 stars. But the food and owners are great. I will definitely be going back soon.
The best gyro my mom and I have ever had! The meat is moist and flavorful.  Owners friendly.  This is a must try! Will absolutely be back!
Best Gyro I have ever had. So good on many levels. Been here twice in a week. Meat is tasty and the bread is so soft. The fries and onion rings are good too. I have ate at the restaurant and ordered to go. Both are good options. They have a bunch of high chairs but I have not seen any kids using them. I got my Gyro and fries for $7.50 which is good. This place is not fancy but has really good food.
Been to the Gyro House many times, and have not been disappointed.  Gyro's are great and blows My Fat Greek out of the water.
The best middle eastern food in AZ . I loved there gyro and falafel . I will love to come over here every time I come to AZ. The owner is amazing cool guy .
Great good.  Cheap.  Had a gyro and salad.  Totally worth the visit.
We found these folks by accident and have been going back on a very regular basis.  We love that it is run by a family and they have phenomenal service.  I have tried all of the specials and never been disappointed.  On friday nights now, they have belly dancers and other entertainment.    If you live in that area, you owe it to yourself and your tummy to give them a try!!
This place used to be good. There was a change of ownership and if I had to review in one word, it would be:

GREASE

all the food was too greasy. The string beans side was swimming in oil. The beef in the shwarma was tough and chewy. The gyro was much better but it was still too greasy. The baba ganoush was so bad we threw it out, having hardly eaten any of it. Disappointing, won't go back.

2ND VISIT

I lied. We went back. A sequel so lame you could call it Grease 2. GREASE. SWIMMING IN GREASE. Gross.

Also the baba ganoush is stringy. I've never had it stringy anywhere else. Maybe somewhere in the world they make it that way, who knows. Don't like it that way. We had baba ganoush last night at Pita Jungle and it is sooooo good and it's not stringy.
Very food falafal and the pitas were fresh. The Baba Ghannouj was particularly delicious! The roasted eggplant flavor really carried through.
I have to say, growing up in Europe I am always hopefully to find a good Gyros here in the Valley. This location is next to my job and I decided to give it a shot even though it's in one of the standardized strip malls we have here in Phoenix. The place doesn't draw crowds I have to say, but when I went the restaurant owners and their family were sitting down for lunch and it was a scene straight out of a movie. That alone did it for me. I think they could do with a better location, but my reviews are always a combination of the atmosphere of a place and its food. The food I've had here is great but I just wish I wasn't always eating there alone. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and in the mood for some Greek food.
This place is amazing. 

The Greek Cheese friends - to die for.

The cinnamon apple tea - to double die for.

The Shawarma - the most amazing thing out of everything.

This place will become a new regular stop for us!
Best Gyros in town! I used to work right in the area and always wanted to try this place and man am I glad I did! They're Gyros are perfect! The price is great too! for $5 you get a Gyro and french fries. Not bad in my opinion. You can opt for a larger size Gyro and pay a little extra for those of you who need a bigger one, but for me the regular size was just right. It had the right amount of meat and the sauce was perfect! I had a Gyro salad one time too and I took out the pita cause I was trying to avoid met and it was an AMAZING salad!
Love the family owned business especially in our unique area. I would by no means call this area ghetto or seedy as some previous reviewers had. The area has survived the test of time, may need a little update but still has the same upper class, down to earth people like the owners of this restaurant. They keep it real and appreciate their clients and not try to keep up with the Jones to the east of us. The food is excellent but make sure your not heading out on a date later because the garlic has the gift that keeps on giving. My favorite is the falafel, fresh and not greasy.
not only is it a great place to eat -but it's definitely got the capability to serve those when they need  catered meal....unbelievable menu options for catering and every single one of my guests had nothing to say but positive thing's.local family owned business that I would recommend anybody looking for great middle eastern food!
Came in for lunch. Nice little place, very friendly staff. Had the beef/lamb gyro and it was excellent! Would absolutely eat there again!
Great food, and fast service!
I've been here 3 times in the last week for lunch since I'm working nearby. Had the regular gyro and chicken schwarma (spelling?) and both were really great. This is how a gyro should taste in my opinion. 

Don't be fooled by the meager exterior, this is a charming place with great food that is priced just right.
I love mom and pop business but this one really takes the cake .. I nearly always get a gyro and Greek fries , it's inexpensive , fresh and the service and personable family who run it can't be matched in the valley ..
Everything is made to order and some of the entrees I have had are just phenomenal .. I give this place 5 stars for the food and service alone .. Also they have BYOB and there is a little liquor store a few doors down that has a deal to give a discount to patrons ... Friday nights they have belly dancing and they also have hookah ..
What a great find! Family ran, homey restaurant. Nothing fancy inside but the food is delicious and the service is warm. And there was belly dancing too!

My husband is on a low carb diet so he had the Greek salad with gyro meat. He said it was delicious and he didn't feel the least bit deprived. I had the falafel sandwich with Greek fries. The falafel was perfect. The seasoning was delicious. And the Greek fries... holy moly. The feta and the sauce that came on them. To. Die. For. 

They are BYOB with a $5 corkage fee. Still a great deal compared to the excessive markup of alcohol in restaurants. 

Definitely one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in the valley!
A great local restaurant, great food great service I couldn't ask for more. The owners are very friendly and always making sure everything is perfect.
Finally got to try a gyro here and boy is it delicious!!!! Their Greek salad, fatoush and thyme wrap are all so delicious as well. Can't wait for my next cheat day!
Great food, clean , friendly, good price and a lot of amazing food. What I order, gyro sandwich, small side of hummus with pita bread and/or French fries or substitute with Caesar salad or Greek. Don't forget to get the baklava. Such a delicious treat all under 20$!!!!
This little restaurant is a diamond hidden in the Arizona desert. You might never know of it unless a friend recommended it because it is set far back in a plaza on Shea. I have been eating there for about 5 years (probably 2-3 times a year) and they have hands-down the BEST gyros in town. Also, I would die for their french fries and tzatziki sauce. I always do take out because I am a bit of a germophobe. It's dark and a little outdated, and the cleanliness level is meh, but I am willing to overlook that because it's delicious. Don't judge the food by the front of the building, just try it and you'll want to eat there for the next few days!
Ate here on a dummy run for a party booked later in the year. We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night to a cavernous, slightly daunting empty space, saved only by the smiling staff and the most delicious aromas wafting around.
As we sat drinking our wine (the restaurant is byob, bring a screwtop or your own corkscrew) and eating our way through some of the tastiest lamb ever, the tables around us began to fill. Actually we lingered so long over our meal that these tables filled, emptied and filled again. And never, not once, were we made to feel unwelcome or rushed. 5 hours we were there; a personal best!
The restaurant decor isn't everybody's cup of tea with red walls and solid wood tables with low legroom height.
But when it comes to food, you would find that it is just out of this world, everything is just well cooked and well presented with dishes similar to the usual middle eastern menu but with a hint and under Kurdish names. 
I might have not emphasised on this enough. but, simply Put, this is one of the best you might get in Edinburgh.
My friends and I came here as a celebratory meal after exams. After we were seated we soon were told (to our horror) that they didn't serve alcohol . This doesn't really ever define our dining experience except this was a celebratory meal of rather gruesome exam period.

Too ashamed to get up and leave we proceeded to order. Our food came and to be frank with you it left me feeling very indifferent. Despite the exotic feel to the shop, the food was rather bland and well uninteresting despite their names. Food from this area is usually rich with spices but it felt like they forgot half the spices and gave us a bland variety which I guess the great British public would consider exotic but for us (mostly international students from areas close to that region) left us feeling a bit cheated. We also wanted to smoke a (rather overpriced) sisha pipe but were told we couldn't cause it was too early in the day (?).

Having said that the service was really efficient and friendly. The view from the windows is grand as you look down on Old Town rooftops.  I hope this was a one-off experience and their cuisine has improved a bit since then. Some friends of mine who went (not those who were with me) said they really enjoyed their meal. I hope to come here again... watch this space.
If you are in the mood for Middle Eastern food, Hanam's is without a doubt the place to go. Situated just off the Royal Mile, Hanam's is right behind the castle and so it is in an ideal location for all the tourists to reach. 

Hanam's specialise in Kurdish and Middle Eastern food and the interior of the restaurant is decorated with bright cushions and throws, creating an authentic atmosphere. Their menu offers a huge choice of authentic Middle Eastern cuisine, including hummus, falafel, baba ghanoush, shawarma and shish kebabs. I have been here several times for lunch and I absolutely love the place. I completely adore their vegetarian kebab, where the vegetables are marinated in the most amazing tomato sauce that was full of fresh spices - yummy! Their wee balls of falafel are also amazing, tasting really fresh and it comes with hummus which is freshly made. The prices are pretty reasonable, with starters and side dishes costing about 5 and main courses priced at around 10. 

The staff at Hanam's were super friendly and welcoming. I love this restaurant and will definitely be going back soon.
Hanam's is situated on Victoria Terrace off the Royal Mile and serves Middle Eastern and Kurdish style food. The meals are not particularly cheap and not particularly special; my main course was basically a chicken kebab with salad, and cost around 9.50. The food was more like a higher quality version of a kebab shop, and though it was enjoyable it was hard to see why you would go there for a sit-down meal.
Outside however, you can sit on Victoria Terrace above Edinburgh's Grassmarket and rent out a Shisha; there are a variety of flavours, the staff will keep them working and they even provide blankets if it gets cold. Hanam's do not serve alcohol, however they are happy for you to pop up to the Castle Rock pub, which is a couple of doors down, if you cannot last a whole Shisha without a boozy drink. So if you're looking for somewhere to relax and watch the world go by, but you're not hungry, Hanam's is a great option.
Hanam's, a Kurdish restaurant, is conveniently located across the street from the Hub, and just down from the castle and at the top of the Royal Mile.

The proprietor meets you at the door with a smile. Hanam's has a friendly feel. With its bright white tablecloths, the whole place feels clean and fresh (the toilets were notably clean too!)

The menu offers lots choice- including vegetarian. Within each section (starters, mains etc.) the dishes are interesting and exotic (to the likes of me at least). It's something different from the ubiquitous usual Indian or Chinese. All the dishes come with rise and Kurdish naan.

I went with two friend and we shared three dishes. one sweet dish with apricots, one based around okra and one spicier aubergine dish. There could have perhaps been a little more flavour in the latter two but they were still delicious. Between this and the rice it was surprisingly filling. For the sake of this review I thought we should sample the very tempting dessert menu. We settled for the sharing platter for two (which was actually fine for three) which included various little sample sweets like baklava and ice cream.

As an other reviewer has pointed out, Hanam's does not serve alcohol. Presumably this is because it is Muslim restaurant, so I think we can look past that. They do however offer many alcohol free drinks including a traditional yogurt drink, which although I didn't particularly like, am glad I tried.

Hanam's is highly recommended.
I love Middle Eastern food so was excited when I heard there was a Kurdish/Middle Eastern restaurant in Edinburgh that I had yet to try!

My boyfriend booked us a table at Hanams for Valentine's day so I was thrilled to give it a try. The restaurant itself is very neat and tidy with a cozy, Middle Eastern-themed (go figure!) atmosphere. There are lovely large wooden tables, cushions on the bench seating, flowing curtains and traditional lighting.  The smell inside is also amazing as it smells like barbeque and/or grilled meat!

There are a variety of dishes on the menu and prices are fairly reasonable.  It should be mentioned that it is BYOB but they do have a selection of soft drinks, juices, teas and coffees. We shared a starter of three dips (hummus, babaganoush and a yogurt/tzaziki style dip) with a large piece of naan bread.  It was quite tasty (the hummus was our personal favourite) but we felt we could have had a bit more naan bread with it. However, we had plenty of dips left over which we kept for our main course so it all depends on how you look at it I guess!

For our mains, my partner had a lamb gosht, which consisted of tender lamb pieces, potatoes and carrots stewed in a lovely tomato-based sauce. This was served with a generous bowl of basmati rice, which was nicely flavoured with cloves and various spices.  I had a chicken wing/chickpea curry type dish which was also served with a large bowl of rice. We then got another piece of naan with it to share.  Both main dishes were delicious and we were quite pleased with the flavours and the size of the portion.

For dessert we shared Persian saffron and cardamom ice cream, which was lovely! At first I thought the flavour would be overpowering but it had a nice aromatic flavour.  It's hard to describe but it was definitely worthy trying!  I had the mango juice to drink, which was quite nice and my partner had the chai tea.  

Overall we were pleased with our meal. We enjoyed the atmosphere and we felt the prices were fairly reasonable for being in a touristy area. Our bill totalled roughly 40 pounds for both of us, which for three courses (albeit two were shared between us) and drinks was not too bad.  Some things could be a bit cheaper, for instance, the starter was almost 8 pounds for one piece of naan and 3 small ramekins filled with dip, but as a whole it was affordable for a Valentine's night out.

There are also set meals for 2 which I think total about 35 pounds and include three courses. The couple beside us had that and it looked like they had a great selection of things to share between them. I think I would get that next time I went!

My only complaint, although not enough to put me off going there again, was the service was a bit lack-luster.  While the staff were fairly friendly, I felt they were not as attentive as they could have been. We were seated before a few tables yet were served after them.  We also had to wait quite awhile to flag down anyone for our bill.  Overall though, these complaints are minor and the restaurant is definitely a good place to go if you are interested in trying this type of cuisine or already love it!
We walked to Hanam's near the castle from our rental apartment.  It was pretty unassuming and even though it was early, the tables were beginning to fill up and it smelled pretty darn good. We were greeted immediately and, with our party of six, they quickly put some tables together for us. 

FYI...I'm going to get some of the dish names wrong here so I apologize in advance. And, yes, it was a bummer that they don't serve alcohol but I respect that and took the opportunity to have some juice instead (hmmmm....would've been good with some vodka in it ;-)

We started with the dip trio with naan. Came with baba ganoush, hummus and a yogurt / cucumber sauce and it hit the spot....dips were very good overall with the baba ganoush being the slight weak link and the hummus the standout favorite. Naan was very good as well.

The kids loved the chicken kebabs and this is a rarity as they usually dont like any spice at all. Other folks in my party had lamb (reported as very good and nicely spiced), chicken kebabs, and another vegetarian dish. I had the Tapsi which was a vegetarian stew. Very savory and excellent flavor with eggplant and cauliflower in a tomato and olive oil-based sauce.  It was served with a white long-grain rice....maybe jasmine or saffron? They also passed out a chili sauce and a yogurt-based sauce that I think were supposed to be for the kebabs but I "borrowed" some for my dish and it was delish. 

All in all a pretty good experience. As an Edinburgh visitor, it would probably make my go-back-to list if I were in the immediate area. If I were a local, I would do a little more searching and I'm guessing it might still be on my top list of Mediterranean places.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern food, so apologies in advance for the gushing review!

I'd been trying to visit Hanam's for months, but whenever I turned up every table would be taken by happy diners. Eventually I managed to get a table (in the festival no less) and I was not disappointed. Good service, good food, and good wine (of course! I chose it myself in the wine store as Hanam's is BYOB. Very helpful for the bottom line). 

My other half and I both ordered lamb dishes, and they were absolutely delicious. The big naan breads we got went down well too. I've noticed in Edinburgh's Middle Eastern restaurants the naan's are far less stodgy than those found in Indian restaurants.

The humus was a bit strange, and tasted quite shop bought. But apart from that Hanam's is pretty good for a munch.
Okay, I'm very divided about this review.

First of all, let me say that the service was absolutely top-notch. Very friendly staff and lovely ambiance. And because of that I really, really, really, wanted to give this place more than one star,  but in all honesty, I can't.

Here's what happened last night: I was with a group of friends and I ordered a starter as a main (I tend to eat smaller portions). While the rest of my friends seemed rather happy with their choices, one was very happy the rest meh-ish happy, I received three falafel balls on shredded lettuce with a small cup of humus.

It was so disappointing, I don't even know where to start. The falafel were deep fried for so long that they were clearly burned on the outside, dark-dark brown almost blackened. There was no moisture, none, left in them. The shell of the falafel, what should have been a thin crispy crust, had turned into a half an inch thick uncrackable concrete-like substance. I had to hack away at it (really) with my knife to get at the inside, which was dry and tasted like sawdust with a tiny hint of chickpea.

AND because I didn't want to ruin my friends birthday by complaining about my food, I ate it like a good little girl and suffered a massive stomach ache for the rest of the evening. No wonder, those balls were so hard they would have shattered like glass had I thrown them on the floor. And that's also what they felt like in my stomach, shards of glass.

Now, the rest of the group was -let me reiterate- okay with their choices. No matter that the bread that came with it was kinda bland and the humus was ... well,... meh. 

Maybe I should give this place another chance, but I really don't want to suffer through another brick-induced 6-hour stomach ache again. This was a horrible experience.
I think Hanam's is great if you want juicy hunks of meat on a skewer, but less so if you order anything else. 

I've been twice, both times had the mixed kebab plate, and it was AMAZING. Tender, delicious, beautifully cooked pieces of chicken, lamb and minced-lamb kofta. 

But other people had a variety of underwhelming mushy stews, and my vegan friend said hers tasted like .... a bowl of spinach. "It's like they made the recipe for lamb and spinach and just left out the lamb without adding any other flavour".

I'd agree with Lou, below, about the felafel, too - you could use them as weapons. The stuffed vine leaves head in the opposite direction, being too soft and floppy. 

So - if you want a delicious feast of meat, this is great. If not, maybe not ideal.
Very low key restaurant.  Do come hungry.

Ordered the lamb gosht with pomegranate rice, washed down with a bottle of Portuguese non-alcoholic beer.  FYI - there are no booze in this establishment.

Lamb was moist and charred in the right places.  Mouthful of raisins (or sultanas - whatever) in every bite.

Our Turkish waitress was friendly and chatty.
Great food. Great shisha. But bring your own booze. They only sell non alcoholic drinks. Other people did bring their own wine tho
I really wanted to like this place, however I found the food to be lacking in flavour even the Chilli Gosht Kebab lacked heat, the green chillies (all 2 of them I suspect) seemed to be for colour and effect with the flavour removed!

As for the veg shila sauces that accompany dishes like the biryani, the two I tried were just uninspired and not in the least bit interesting.

Two stars because the staff were professional and friendly, however I won't be back... Perhaps Middle Eastern food just isn't for me.
I booked Hanams for a team night out for 7 people - it was a hit! The food was extremely tasty and ideal for group sharing or basically "getting stuck in"! Very informal atmosphere. The service was a bit slow but in a way it was nice to be left alone when in a large group to pour your own wine. The quality and quantity of the food was top notch. Particular mention to the falafels! Yum. We did a complete school boy error though and chose 7 different starters to share amongst the 7 of us. By the time the mains arrived, along with an abundance of rice and bread (no stingy portions to be seen), we were all far too stuffed and our stomachs had to kick into greed mode.  

The BYOB facility the main selling factor for me in choosing a dinner venue for a larger group however it's also worth noting it's an ideal venue where you have a token vegetarian or vegan in your group!

I am looking forward to trying it's sister restaurant - Pomegranate.
I came here with a friend to smoke shisha a few weeks back. They don't have a separate area inside to smoke so you have to sit at the tables outside. It.was.freezing. And our umbrella blew over on us... This place has some pretty decent food, but if your looking to smoke shisha with your dinner, a better place that has separate smoke rooms that are warm is "Pomegranate" over in new town.
Hanam's is one a restaurant i've heard a lot about but for some reason never seemed to actually go to.  but after the boyfriend's friend decided her birthday dinner was to be there, i was walking through the door on a saturday night.

now the place was moderately busy, but it was only 6pm which was the only time she could get a booking for a large group.  in fact people who were coming in as we sat down were being turned away if they didn't have reservations as the majority of tables were reserved.  i really liked the look of the restaurant, lots of colour and dark wood.  maybe a stereotype but i felt like it made it feel a bit authentic.

menus are fairly straight forward and have all the dishes you would expect that a middle eastern restaurant would have.  i went with the falafel wrap and asked to have the halluomi starter as a side dish as well.  despite us being a large party the food arrived fairly quickly which was nice, but made me wonder if a lot of it was pre-made and then reheated.

my falafel wrap was tasty, but i found the falafel a bit crumbly which made eating things a bit messy.  there was side dish of tahini to go with the wrap but i used the garlic sauce that came with my halluomi instead as this was tastier.  the tahini was actually really bland which was a disappointment.  my halluomi was tasty as well, being fried and slighty crisp on the outside.  my boyfriend enjoyed his shwarma wrap and the rest of the party seemed to enjoy their dishes as well.  so perhaps a more meaty option is the way to go in this restaurant...

we didn't have dessert and just got the bill.  in total it was about 13 per person which is pretty cheap for a saturday night out so definitely a plus point there.  the restaurant is BYOB as they serve no alcoholic beverages, but they also don't charge you for corkage.

so yes a cheap meal that was fairly tasty, but i left not being super impressed or wanting to plan a return visit in the short term.  this is usually what i look for when rating a restaurant, but that said i did enjoy Hanam's and if i was looking for some place to eat in the old town, i would give this place another try.
There aren't many places to eat al fresco in Edinburgh, and when those 27C summer's evenings hit, every outdoor seat is jumped upon. It was on such a night that I wandered through Old Town thinking of where to eat, as anywhere inside would have been too stifling. Turkish food and hot summer's night seemed appropriate meal-fellows so when a spare table at Hanam's on the terrace overlooking Victoria Street and Grassmarket appeared, I jumped on it.

First off, they don't sell alcohol. It's BYOB with all beer, wine and cider on the menu being "dealcoholised". And the pear cider is pretty sweet, just like drinking pear juice with pear drops added. So for that cold corona in the sun, best bring your own.

The menu is a typical Turkish menu. All of what you would expect. The trio of dips we ordered came with a surprisingly nice, big, fluffy, puffy bread that was like a mix between a naan (in appearance) and a pitta (in taste). Two of those in fact. The baba ganoush was smoky, the houmous a reassuring chick pea, and both ample servings.

For mains, my vegetarian dish had promised potato, aubergine yellow pepper in a tomato sauce. And that is what came. Although it was mainly potato with only one piece of aubergine and some celery, and a few bits of pepper. I counted. It was a bit sad. I ordered it mainly for the aubergine, and for 9.95 it felt a bit steep.

My dining partner's lamb dish was lamb on the bone (I think shank) served with a spicy chilli sauce, flavoured strongly with cinammon. I really liked the taste of the cinnamon, but the lamb was quite dry. Not super dry, it still "fell off the bone" in a way that it does when it's been slowly cooked. But perhaps for too long, and sitting out after too. So it was 50/50, nice on taste, but not great on texture. And there wasn't enough sauce so again, a bit dry.

The waitresses were friendly and coped well with the excessive number of customers scattered along the terrace. It is a nice outside spot with a view over the mismatched rooftops, with Arthur's Seat peeping over the top and the sun setting behind. It's perfectly acceptable for this infact, and I did enjoy the view and the setting. The meal was nice, fine, but left me a little uninspired and wanting more. But for a rare extremely hot summer's night in Edinburgh, I think this might the the standard for al fresco dining. A little yey and a little meh.
Pretty darn good hummus, falafel and schwarma.  Downside: knowing the location probably warrants a high rent, the prices were pretty exorbitant.  Lunch for 3 cost over 60 quid (and no booze).
I want to like this, but I am not able to. The owner is lovely. The food is plentiful and tasty. the service is fantastic. 

So I hear you say:  what is your problem? 

Every single time I have eaten here I have had issues. This is just me as none of my fellow diners on 3 occasions has the same issues. 
There is something in the spices or flavouring he uses that just doesn't agree with my digestive tract. Poor me. As the food is delicious and succulent. I have eaten lamb stews, kebabs and curried meat (goat, I think) here. All were yummy! 
But inevitably I will get a stomach upset.

So Hanams.. It is not you. It is me. 

So I really do want to like Hanams, but I just can't.  Call it a gut feeling.
4 star ambiance 
4 star naan
4 star eggplant side that came with biryani
3 star hummus/other dips
1 star biryani

I sooooo wanted to love this place. Kurdish cuisine?!? Awesome. It's decorated very lovely inside with beautiful lamps, textiles, and other art from the Middle East. 

The naan was tasty as well as the eggplant dip. The hummus was okay as was the yogurt with cucumbers. Overall everything here needed salt. 

The Kurdish style chicken biryani was a real disappointment. I would give that one star if I could, but the bread and eggplant that came with the biryani made up for it. The biryani tasted like it was DAYS old. The peas inside looked shriveled and old. The chicken had a weird crust on it that only old food gets. You all know what I mean. I'm sure they had made it days prior and microwaved it for us. The menu description made it sound so heavenly, but I urge you to take a pass on this dish.
Ah it were a February Wednesday night and Lucie suggested going for some nice Middle Eastern cuisine. She has been going on about us going here for ages but finally last night we made it.

The first thing that hits you when you go in is the smell, strong wafts of BBQ'd  meat.....I knew this was a carnivores restaurant already - this makes me happy. The restaurant itself it really nicely decorated - lots dark reds and Kurdish/Turkish frunishings. The friendly staff quickly make you feel at home and are fast to help you get your BYOB wine open - with no corkage charge to be seen which is a credit to them.

For starter we had the Mushakal sharing starter, this was a delightful selection of the houses favourite starters, complete with hummus and a fresh side salad. My favourite was the Dolma, marinated vine leaves stuffed with aromatic rice.

After considering the mains very carefully we both opted for the Mushakal Kebab,
a generous helping of 3 skewers of minced lamb, chicken breast and lamb fillet. The star of the show for me was the lamb mince. It had so much fklavour going on. Wrapped up in some of the plentiful naan with some garlic sauce it was delciious. The chicken was juicy and tender with a light marinade, the lamb fillet was little bit too charred and being fillet had gone a bit tough being overcooked. The flavour though was very nice.

Overall I liked Hanams, I would come back very happily and enjoy some more of their Middle Eastern delights.
Excellent service our waitress Mak was very friendly and efficient. We were in Edinburgh walking around and went in on a whim, the place was not very crowded but the food and ambiance was excellent. We had the Kebab and the daily lunch special very tasty. Note the naan cannot be finished by one person :)
Impressive de-alcoholized beverages list... and friendly service.
DELICIOUS is all I can say. Never ate in a Kurdish restaurant before, although this place is Kurdish & Mid eastern. The flavors are wonderful & potent. The naan bread to die for & VERY fresh too. Service excellent. Atmosphere very pleasant. We sat inside but they do have outdoor seating as well. Highly recommended
Heads up, Guy Fieri, while this place shares its very small parking lot with a Shell station, it is no "gas station food"! 

I just had lunch with Sam. Literally. When I asked where he got his delicious dolmas (grape leaves stuffed with rice and herbs) and he said his wife makes them, the skepticism was on my face. They were perfectly formed and the flavor was intense. He backed it up by showing me his personal lunch from home and sharing it with me to the detriment of the fries in my combo which I was unable to finish after gorging on meat-filled dolmas, stuffed cabbage and squash (none of which are on the menu). And, for the record, his wife's cabbage rolls are AMAZING and should be added, at least , as a special! 

So, while dining with Sam he explained that he hails from Chicago where he owned and operated a similar establishment and has come to the Valley to join his sisters, one of which owns King Gyros (http://www.yelp.com/biz/king-gyros-phoenix#hrid:66ywkbFKsg_1IA03dK_JSg/src:search/query:king%20gyro) which boasts its own 4 star Yelp rating after 16 reviews. 

Besides the dolmas ($3.95 for 6) and some of Sam's lunch from home, I enjoyed a falafel pita combo ($5.99). A lot of times falafel, similar to meatballs but made from ground chickpeas, is dry and demands the accompanying tahini sauce and then tastes of nothing but sesame paste (blech!), but this falafel is moist and flavorful. Sam serves it with tzatziki sauce instead of tahini and since I can't stand tahini anyway, this is a bonus for me! 

I also tasted my friend's gyros which was ginormous! He ate half, if that, and was bringing the rest home -- the pita was overflowing with moist, well seasoned meat. 

I'm not a hot dog girl, as I've mentioned before, but Sam is very proud of his all beef Chicago dog ($1.99) which he cooks on the grill; still, an Italian sausage ($3.25) is more my speed. 

Without a doubt, I'll be back to Sam's!

P.S. The fries were hot and delicious and had a yummy seasoning sprinkled on them. :)
Meat-a-palooza!  these gyros are total meat fests, and darn good ones at that!  I ordered one to go and when I got home and unwrapped the meat sprung forth from the pita in a luscious, tender cascade.  The onions and tomato were beneath the meat, initially making me fear there were none, but alas, the veggie bits were hiding below simply the overabundance of sliced gyro-meat (I know its supposed to be some sort of lamb mix, but let's face it, gyro meat has its own taste).  Was that dill I tasted in the sauce?  Mmmmm, it's good.  Piping hot, moist, tender, and I cannot believe I almost ate the whole thing.

I also ordered the hummus appetizers which was serviceable but not outstanding.  doubt if I will order it again, but only because I'll be tasting other menu items to see if anything can compete with their gyro.
So this place is really good. 

Gyro, stuffed with meat, tender yummy meat, plenty of sauce, soft warm pita. Onion and tomato 

Frys, hot, fresh, seasoned and plenty of them. 

Service, as expected... Excellent. I love when people ask how it is. 

Location, next to NOT IN a gas station on the south east side of the road.
I have always, since I moved to Arizona ten years ago, been fond of the great food found in the numerous strip mall restaurants in the Valley of the Sun.

Sam's Gyros, run by the splendid Sam and his assistant Amy, is one of the best that I have recently encountered.

Sam, a former Torontonian, serves up great Chicago-style dogs, burgers & spectacular gyros that are ripe to bursting with tasty meat, tomaters, and onions.

I have yet to try everything on the menu, but I'm getting close.

Sam is a very good guy, and he even makes me a special "Sam-style" breakfast, which consists of gyro meat, fried eggs, tomaters and onions, and spiced to perfection.

After eating this breakfast, you will need to take a nap, or a long walk; personally, I prefer the nap(s).

They even have Mexican Coke !

Well worth a visit or three. Thanks again to Sam & Amy.
Totally an unsuspecting place.  You see a place next to a gas station and you don't assume good food but Sam's is actually pretty damn good.  Decent price for a gyro combo that includes pretty good fries and a soda.  Can't hate that.  The gyros are huge and full of all sorts of goodness.  Still not the best gyro ever...but pretty good for "gas station food."
Sam's Gyros is now open on Sundays !
Sam's Gyros is great. I'm a sucker for good, quick gyros and I dare you to find another place that has a gyros platter that contains more food (two people can share it easily.) Comes with a greek salad, and a huge pile of rice (basmati, I think) alongside the ginormous serving of succulent gyro meat. 

Sam and his wife are always in the store, and sometimes their son (I think...) mans the cash registers, too. They're super-sweet. I've also run into doctors and nurses from JCL when they're picking up food before their shifts. So if you need an impromptu medical consult while you wait for your dinner, I'm sure one of them would be happy to oblige. But, seriously, good food, reasonably priced, huge servings...if you're in or near the 'Slope, hit it soon.
This was a decent when I visited. I found the tzatziki sauce to be a little lacking, but the gyro was solid otherwise and decent fries. Very quick service and solid quality for a fairly inexpensive price. Not the most amazing gyro I have ever had, but solid.
I've been driving by this place for a long time thinking... "someday I've got to try that out". Recently, after a stellar review from another neighborhood yelper, I decided to finally take the plunge.  I went in for a very late lunch, so I had the place to myself. I introducted myself as a first-timer and was taken very good care of as I vascillated back and forth trying to make a decision as to what to order on this first reconnaissance mission.

I finally ordered a gyro sandwhich AND a falafel salad as I was taking the food home and figured I could pass off the leftovers to my hubby that evening.  The food did not disappoint.  As others have stated, the gyro was STUFFED and overflowing with well-seasoned tasty meat. The sauce was delicious.  I will not hesitated to order it again.  The falafel salad was also scrumptious with 5 generous sized falafel balls on top of a salad with peppers, cucumbers and tomatoes. I particularly enjoyed the dressing and the fact that the salad was chopped into small easy to manage pieces -- yes I'm a diva about such things.

Overall yummy food...more than generous portions...friendly staff.  I love that I've found another neighborhood treasure!
Dropping a star. 

Service was blah, more like whattcha want?

Gyro was mushy, the meat was not cooked enough, i think there was an issue with the spit. The bread was not cooked enough, the sauce was darn near flavorless.
four stars for what it is a gyro stand.  Sam is from Chicago and knows what he is doing.  Not as fast take out as you get in Chicago but every bit as good.  Eat there at least once a week.
Place is great! Family owned, friendly service, clean and awesome Gyros at a really fair price. 
 
What more could you ask for?
Excellent food! My only complaint is they are closed sundays.
Have been doing take out for the gyro and had a souvlaki plate in. Both time great. Being from Europe I do miss Mediterenean food and it satifies my graving. However, I still miss the real charred flavor of the souvlaki with the tzaziki sauce, greek style. This comes pretty close. Love the rice.
I love this place. Great greek food and great place to eat.
The address is actually at 59th and just north of Olive ave.
I found this restaurant nestled in the back corner of the Fresh and Easy anchored strip mall on the southwest corner of Olive and 59th Ave. I stopped by for lunch last week and was extremely pleased with everything. The staff was very nice, pleasant to deal with, and fast. I ordered the gyros combo and a side of the lentil soup. The gyros is currently the best I've had in the valley. Everyone must try the lentil soup, it is by the far the best I've EVER had. I will definitely be visiting this restaurant multiple times a month!
Babylon Gyros is owned and managed by a PERFECTLY charming man and his children. For that reason alone I'd be a fan.

BG is a dine in establishment served quickly. Not high on atmosphere but meant to serve a business lunch or easy meal. However, the space is super clean and easy to find.

The menu is long enough to feel like you could go back several times for different choices but the truth is that it is nicely focused and not overwhelming without feeling slim and boring. I don't eat red meat and I don't feel left out of this place's offerings.

Gyros are salty. No way around it. Let's get that straight. But these Gyros are DELISH. The chicken is not the kind where you feel like you sort of had a Gyro, sort of, but not really. It's chicken that's been seasoned, formed and sliced thicker than what is typical of the lamb. And it's good. Very good. The pita's are that perfect kind of puffed yumminess that makes you rather sad when you've swallowed the last bite. 

The lentil soup, to me, is the star of this place. I would drive the 20 minutes JUST for the soup. I'd drive in the throes of the flu or common cold for this soup. It is really that good. You've had lentil soup, but you haven't had lentil soup yet. Go here, then you've had lentil soup. 

Made by hand, right here, with a whole lot of love. As a matter of fact, don't even eat it, just smell it. You'll know what I mean. It's good. Can you smell that just perfectly matched curry lingering in the background? Yeah, I knew you would.

Ok, now you can taste it. Just be seated first.

There is deep love for this place. I mean really, really deep love.

It's helped by the fact that on my first visit in, my twin and I were each given a piece of baklava as a birthday gift. And the hugs goodbye after both visits.

Yeah. It's love.
Beautiful Gyros! The portions were huge (that's what she said)! I can't wait to come back and try some more of the menu. Good show!!
Hands down the best Chicken Gyro and/or combo plate I have ever had.  MUST have the lentil soup cause you will find no other like it.  REALLY REALLY big fan of Babylon Gyro and the GREAT people who own and operate this establishment.
Before moving to Tempe I never knew the glory of what is Mediterranean food and by association, what a Gyro was. I was young, naive, and greekless.
Now I'm educated and occassionally find myself "Goin' Out West" (Tom Waits anyone?) to visit, put in some face time and what not but I'm always struck with Gyro DT's since there are few places that have wised up and jumped on the Mediterranean flavor train.  
The Gyro's are massively fat, stacked, monsters of meat and onions.  Now It may be intimidating at first, like fighting a Goliath made of sweet succulent euphoria but  don't worry guy, they have to go boxes, if you can control yourself after the first bite.  Their rice is good too.  ( sorry rice no analogies for you)
The best thing though, is they have SRIRACHA SAUCE!!!!!  Now these Gyro's are at a ten but anyone who's had Sriracha (Capitalization for pure respect) knows it makes anything an immediate fucking eleven.
Fin.
My favorite Mediterranean lunch spot! For no more than $8, I get a huge, flavorful gyro (or chicken shawerma), my choice of rice, salad, or fries, and a fountain drink. I can never finish a whole meal, and every bite is delicious. You can tell the owner really cares--he makes sure you're enjoying your meal, and even chats up some sports since ESPN is ALWAYS on.

They throw the gyro meat on the grill after it's carved, and this makes a world of difference. I'm spoiled now, and feel like most gyros at a casual place are very lazily made. The salad is loaded with feta and some other toppings...if only they'd ease up on the vinegar a bit. The texture of the fries tells me they're made from fresh cut potatoes, and they taste loaded with garlic and some other spices. I like them with tzatziki, which they do very well.

Hell, I've even tried the lentil soup. And I hate lentils! It was yummy. I've been to a lot of casual Greek places for gyros, and they don't measure up to Babylon. Sure, it has some minor flaws, but I can overlook that when the food is this good.
Good stuff! This time the groupon proved to be valuable.  We had gyros, traditional and chicken, both were very good.  Would come back if in the neighborhood and recommend highly for anyone who likes to sample the valley's selection of mediterranean fare.
My husband and I recently discovered Babylon and we became immediate fans.  We had no idea how to order and the gentleman behind the counter that day was very helpful in describing the foods.  I ended up with a Greek salad and my husband had a gyro.  The salad was huge (the small salad would have been plenty for my meal) and really good (except it had too much dressing on it) and the gyro was really tasty.  We split a delicious piece of baklava.  The second time we went, I had a chicken kabob, served with a ton of tasty rice, and my husband had the gyro meat (also served with a ton of rice) (sorry, I'm still not completely versed on what everything is actually called).   The chicken was excellent--marinated to an extremely luscious flavor and very juicy and tender.  The dinner salads were huge (still too much dressing--I'll try to remember to ask for the dressing on the side or at least in less quantity) and very good.  We took leftover food home and had a filling second meal, so the already affordable price became extremely affordable considering it covered two meals for us.  We're looking forward to trying other menu items . . . maybe.  The chicken kabob was so good I may get stuck on it and order it every time!  
The atmosphere is definitely strip mall, the salad dressing amount needs some work, and I could do without the TV being on, but the food is surely worth the trip.
My go to gyro spot, and I am lucky enough for it to be super close to home.  I always get the italian beef, and the reason?  It's really darn good!

This establishment is family owned and operated, so you'll always see the same folks when you walk in.  

I'm telling you, give them a try!
Not skimpy with the gyros meat at all, but could use some tzatziki sauce I thought...if the meat didn't crowd it out (ha!).  Good hummus, fresh cooked pita with it.  Good prices, folks!!!  Not overpriced for what you get at all.  
Great service from a very nice younger guy at the front who will help serve you to your specs. 
Will I go back?  Darn tootin'!!!  This is just your basic, downhome gyros joint with cheap prices for what you get.
Oh, and don't expect fancy decor cause it won't be here.
Best Gyros I know of.
I got a great chicken gyro for under $6. I didn't expect much from this place in this area, but I was pleasantly surprised. Probably the best chicken gyro I've ever had!
Yum---we were in the mood for something new for lunch today. I spotted a review in the local paper about this place and checked it out on Yelp (something I now consistently do before going to a new spot).  We were very pleased with the food. I had the chicken sharwerma meal which came with  saffron rice, a very fresh salad, pita and tzatziki. Hubby had the chicken gyro sandwich. The flavors were very good--nicely spiced and obviously fresh ingredients. The staff were very friendly---I suspect it is a family running the business and very hard workers.  I couldn't eat all the food, so will have a tasty dinner tonight with the left-overs. They offered (and I accepted) extra tzatziki when I got the doggy bag.   Will certainly come back to this spot.
I stopped in just to use a coupon that was expiring.  If all you're expecting is "OK" you won't be disappointed.  Prices are reasonable and the portions are size able.  Beyond that, there's no reason to go out of your way to eat here.  I stopped in on a Monday afternoon and must have interrupted someones break.  I ordered a Gyro plate and a baklava.  I had to remind them that the plate came with a drink, then when they brought my meal I had to remind them that I also ordered the baklava.  I don't think they were out to defraud me of a $2 dessert, I just think don't think their hearts are really in the hospitality business.
The restaurant lobby was just dirt. 
Tables tops sticky.
Great Food! Great Service! Music too loud until owner reduced!  Must try this place as you will not be disappointed! Oh don't forget to get the coupon deal which I bought a $10 coupon and bought $20 worth of food! Can't go wrong with that!
I must admit, I'm not from the east coast so to me there are too many gyro places in town.  This one stands out, easily.  It is very good!! Somebody else said something about them grilling the gyro meat after carving it and it makes a big difference as far as taste and texture.  The owner greeted us, and other than a minor (I asked for no onions and got onions) hiccup everything was really good.  The chicken kabobs were made from very fresh chicken and was very moist.  I will be back again when craving a gyro for sure!!!
Some of the best mediterranean and middle eastern I have ever had! Owner is friendly and takes pride in his food.
Mediterranean cuisine in a low brow setting, but the quality is there.  Gyro plate with rice, hummus and pita bread plus a small dinner salad was immensely flavorful AND prepared in a timely manner.  The place is clean.  The people working there are cheerful and welcoming.  Gyro plate is $8.99.  Friend tried grilled chicken plate, which was equally delicious.
The staff was very friendly and the food was awesome!
Good food, friendly staff. I would give it more stars except the gyro meat was on the dry side (my guess it was on the spit too long) and a bit more cucumber sause could have helped.  Great french fries! tasty baklava.

Coming from back east, its not the best greek food I've eaten but for Arizona not bad at all.
I had high hopes for this place. However when I am trying to order and the cook's son is behind the counter screaming at him to pay attention to him, throwing a fit, pulling on his dads clothes and yelling, I don't really want to spend anymore time in the place. However I was starving, so I ordered anyway. Had a chicken gyro, it was skimpy. Been to places that offer a lot more for your money. Then while eating the child continued to scream and the mother made some weak attempts to tell him to be quiet. My advice is hire a babysitter or stay home with the kid, this isn't a daycare, it's a food establishment. You'll lose money.
I like the gyros. Gyros are hard to mess up, and when I can't get them anywhere else for several miles you're going to get my business. I'm also liking the extended hours, and the bottled drink selection. I like that they've kept some variety, and you can try a sampler plate with items you won't normally see, even at other gyro shops. Like spanakopita, or some of that other stuff wrapped in grape leaves that I can't spell or pronounce (dolmathakia?). I didn't care for the fries, falafel, or rice, but hey--ya win some, ya lose some.

*forced smile*

I legitimately think this place is good for lunch. Just...please, don't remind me how awesome it was under previous ownership. I don't want to live in the past. I hope the owners will at least put on ESPN instead of children's TV while I eat. You know, for old times' sake.
Very friendly staff, they make you feel part of there family. The food is excellant and you get plenty of food for your buck. We eat there at least twice a month if not more.
Amazing and at a great price. Best i've had in Phoenix
The food was good(a little greasy), but the service was molasses-slow. I think it had something to do with me using a deal voucher (provided by Yelp ironically). I would probably return, because I really did enjoy my order, I just hope I receive better service next time.
This place is always good. If you're in the mood for good Mediterranean, this is a good go-to.
When new owners took over Babylon Gyros in the commercial center at the northeast corner of 59th Av and Olive Av, they wanted to rename it Shako Mako Grill. But they decided to keep the Babylon name because people are familiar with it and just appended Shako Mako to the name.

I came here a week ago with my friend and fellow yelper John M. I tried the lamb shish kabob platter, which was really good. John also let me sample some of his grilled salmon plate, and it was also pleasing.  I returned a few days later to try their Daily Combo Special (available from 1 pm to 5 pm) and wow - this is one very good deal! For $5.99 + tax, you get meat kifta kabob, grilled chicken, meat shawarma, chicken shawarma, a crispy falafel, rice, and salad; it also comes with a warm pita cut into quarters. It's a lot of good food for so little money.

Service is very friendly and the place itself is basic, clean, and bright. I also received a loyalty card for accumulating bonus points, which is good because I know I'll be coming here frequently.
SHAKO MAKO, BABYLON GYROS call it what you want. I CALL IT TASTY,INEXPENSIVE AND FAST! Every time I come here the food is consistently wonderful. The owners know how to make great food AND make you feel welcome. The Gyros are served as a plate or combo with REAL FRESH FRIES not frozen. Combo was only $6.99. This speaks volumes that the rest of his food is fresh as well. The Gyros are almost all pure meat without the 2 pounds of lettuce you find at most places. This is a real value.  Want to try something different? The daily Combo from 1p-5p is only $5.99. It's a combo of Kifta Kabob,grilled chicken,shawarma,(chicken or meat) or falafel served WITH rice AND salad. They have a wonderful menu featuring Shawarma's, Kabob,Falafel's, Italian Beef Sand. Wings Etc. Try it once and guaranteed you'll be back! I'm looking at their menu and just saw they Cater and deliver too! They're on 59th ave and Olive.. Great Stuff.. My stomach is FULL AND HAPPY.
Place is delicious and the portions are huge.
I've been here a few times. Service has always been friendly, food is good, and the prices reasonable. They occasionally have a Yelp deal. They also have some nice daily specials. I usually get the gyro combo. The gyro's are good (except I like a little more tzatziki sauce) but the skin on fries are awesome!

The owner usually chats with me, and I have no idea what he is talking about through his thick accent, and my bad hearing. I just listen, nod my head, say "yah?" and wait for the glorious fried potato goodness. Oh yes, and the gyro!
I went here with a yelp deal.  The service was great, the food was very good.  I had a gyro and my mom had a vegetarian platter.  The portions were generous and very tasty.  I will be back when I am in town again.
I have returned and enjoyed the food again as well! Definitely one of the best Gyros in the Valley. And this is coming from a native New Yorker who also lived in Chicago for a couple years. Service was much better this time around as well.
Price wise good however the rice wasn't good, it was under cooked. The yogurt sauce wasn't same as I tried middle eastern or Mediterranean  sauces elsewhere. Service was good that's why it will be unfair to give them less than 3 stars ***
Amaze-balls.
It is little pricy but they give you o much meat that it makes up for it.  I have only has the gyros.  The have good food, beer, and wifi great place to go for lunch in between classes at GCC.
On three visits everything has been good or better, but the baklava alone is worth the effort to find this little place tucked away in quiet corner shopping strip across from 
Glendale Community College.  The "Feast for 3-4" for $38 fed 3 hOngry guys in person and 2 more with the leftovers.  Chicken & beef kabobs especially tasty. Chicken schwarma warma my interior in all the right ways & left me comfortably filled., but the highlight for me I think are those extraordinarily large squares of baklava /baklawa for $1.99: Moist - yet the pastry still flakey  Sweet but not overly so. Just perfect.  

Friendly, walk-up counter service. Food delivered to your table. Get your own paper napkins, silverware & fountain drinks. Clean & simple. Airy & open with the high ceiling and windows on front and one side. Polished concrete floors. Adequate & clean men's room - Ask for restroom keys at the counter..
Been here a few times recently and its great. Had my go to meal of chicken gyros has been great and today i had grilled chicken greek salad and it was delish. Great seasoning and fresh ingredients.
There's nothing you can't get as far as Greek goes at Babylon Gyros. The food is delicious, its priced to sell, and the staff is very friendly. There is also a check in offer that gets you a gyro for $2.50! Can't beat that...

Overall, I frequent Babylon because of it's delicious eats and cheap prices. If you're in the area, give it a try!
Best Gyros in town! Great management, great customer service, and a very clean atmosphere. Come here about once a week. Couldn't be more happy with the food too, it's delicious!!
One of the best gyro joints I've been to. The tzatziki sauce is on point. Highly recommended giving this place a try.
This a great lunch spot over on the west side. They offer an incredible lunch combo between 1-5pm. I find myself eating here multiple times a week. I highly recommend this place.
Stopped in here with my girlfriend because I am obsessed with falafel. This falafel was a little different from others I've tried. I could taste cinnamon and inside was bright green. It was delicious and exciting to taste a different variation than what I'm used to. The baba ganoush and dolmas were also very good. I will have to stop by again next time I'm in Glendale.
Very hidden little place, I walked here from school (GCC). I was craving something healthy and delicious! I received the free sandwitch for checking in along with the chicken kabob Greek salad I ordered (way too much food) after a little confusion with the order,  the food was defenitly worth it!! Hands down the best chicken kabobs I've had! And I've had quite a few from different states and cities! Defenitly recomend it. The charbroil taste defenitly makes all the difference. Next time I'll read the menu before attempting to order, .. I recomend you grab one too before approaching the register :) overal great quality food for a great price!!
I ate there last night, party of four. Had wait of 25 minutes. Food was just OK. Wonder what all reviews saw in this place. Disappointing. Never again.
Nothing special. Very nice people. The daily special I had didn't look like the one here in the picture, less meat.
I feel sorry for anybody to think that this is good Mediterranean or Middle Eastern cuisine. I am from Dearborn Michigan the  largest Middle Eastern community America.I had Middle Eastern food and Mediterranean food made in people's homes that tastes better than this stuff they sell. A diet -conscious friend  and I was hungry so we decided to go there. I ordered the spinach pie thinking it would be good but the spinach pie was deep  and full of grease I never had  spinach pie  deep fried.. It literally made me sick me  to my stomach the guy will meet with like beef shavings wasn't even on authentic shawama bread he didn't even press it to prepare.some pieces of  the meat had had fat on it I orders a fatoush salada that not hard to make that was fair. The cook/owner even got a little upset with me when I was questioning him about the preparation of my sandwich. I would never visit there again and You don't believe me for yourself try some food here and go to another nearby Middle East restaurant that's not too far from them they make real Shawarma,s and try the food there and see for yourself !
Very good food! I got the combination plate, they there very accommodating on substitutions! It came with hummus, rice, beef kabob, chicken kabob, shawarma, and salad! Priced just under $10 a pound, food came out very fresh and satisfying! Hummus was very authentic, looked like homemade!  Haven't  tried their baklava but look enticing! Definitely will come back when I'm in the area! Keep it up, I hope they do well.
Alot of food for the price. I get the chicken kabob plate & it's good for 2 meals for me. Lots of chicken, rice, hummus, Greek salad, pita bread & garlic sauce. Staff is very friendly & accommodating. Great offers too! I got $12 worth of food for 6 bucks, & a free piece of baklava for checking in. Highly recommend.
We been coming to this place for months.This is one of those addicting places. I love the Meat Kifta its full of flavor. The Meat Schwarma will let u wanting more. I always used to have the Combo plate but this last time i went i had the actual Gyros meat in a pita and man its the best thing!!! Im glad they have Sriracha that makes it spicy and still keeps flavor. They are nice patrons. The lady is super nice. And they always accomodate your likings with substitutions. Best local restaurant around. And i will not stop coming anytime soon.
A really good gyro with lots of tzatziki sauce. They have kids meals. The baklava was delicious.
My coworker and I ate here for lunch one day. It's simple inexpensive, and good. I give it 3 stars because in my mind 4 and 5 stars are for stellar places with great food and ambiance. If you need some good greek food for a good price this place is the ticket but I'd not go here every week or on a date.
Im sad to say that Shako Mako/Babylon Gyros has probably lost my business. Today was the deciding factor. Previous visit they charged me for substituting humus for tzasiki sauce aomething they were always kind to di. And today when we placed an order we were told it would be an additional charge to put the salad's cheese on the side. And according to them because of the container. And then because it more cheese on the side than the actual salad. Lame excuse. Idk what happened to them but this time was just the turning point. I guess il make the drive to Pita Kitchen on 99th ave those people seemed to be overly kind. Shako Mako you were my favorite place, now it wont ever happen again. It was you not me lets make it clear. Bye.
This place is authentic as it gets! 10/10 for the food!
Found this place on yelp! Group of 5 of us walked in around 7:30pm. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. Ordering process was easy and the menu had pictures which is always a plus when trying new food!  They cook everything to order. So once you order you have to sit and wait 5-10 minutes depending on what you ordered! 

Everyone pretty much had something different! Everyone loved what they ordered. I had the gyro combo (fries and a drink) and it cost me $7.50.

Will be going back again before I leave Phoenix!
I've become a little obsessed with this place. I cannot get enough of their chicken gyro. Meat has great flavor and is almost moist. Their taziki sauce is so good I actually ask for extra and put it on everything. It's so fresh tasting with the dill and cucumber. I stop by anytime I'm in the central Glendale area. The only thing that I didn't like was that I had recently bought an online coupon and when I came to use it they didn't seem too sure how to apply it. It took awhile but eventually they got it figured out. I'll be back there soon I'm sure.
Great lamb kabobs. I like the draft beers as an option & to top it off the baklava for desert. Excellent.
I was craving a Greek salad and it's been a while since I've had one and so I looked it up on here and found this place and it is super close to where I live. I got a gyro Greek salad and a side of falafels. Everything was so good and the place was really nice inside and out. Only complaint is the salad needed for feta but that's just me lol I would totally go back.
Maybe it should be 4.5 stars as the falafal was a little over cooked. But everything else on the plate was amazing. I had the Combo Plate, a little bit of everything.
I'm a bit of a Greek food snob and this place didn't do it for me.  It's certainly not bad but nothing stood out.  Very flat pita bread with minimum Tzatziki application.  The lettuce didn't seem fresh and their fries are served very undercooked.

On a positive note the seasoning on the fries is good and they were plenty busy.  $7.50 for a drink, Gyro and fries is a fair price.
Just came across this restaurant today for a quick lunch. What a treat! Excellent choices and great quality of food!! Nice owner too. Will definitely be back!!
I'm going to keep this short and sweet...

Ate here a few weeks back. The food was fantastic. It was the best Mediterranean food I've had in the West Valley for sure. This is a nice family owned mom and pop, so if you're into supporting local places - come here. Or get delivery - they deliver now. The owner was really cool and accommodating - made me feel like I was eating at my own family's house (except better because no one tried to stab me with a fork). 

I'm definitely going to go out of my way to eat here again.
This place was great! They have a large selection of meats and  sides. I went with the beef/lamb combo while the Hub's went with the traditional strip meat (sorry I don't know what it is called) and both were flavorful and delicious. The vegetables on them were crisp and fresh. I had the salad as a side and it was almost large enough to be an entre and, to our pleasant surprise, the French fries my husband had were hand cut! The prices are super reasonable and they have beer, always an added bonus.
They're good gyros and chicken gyros. Nothing special but been here twice snd ill gi back.
I ordered delivery.

The food was decent at best. The customer service is great. I'm a picky customer, I am allergic to tomatos so I always ask people to keep them off whatever I'm ordering, they definitely did that. However, I asked for the tsatziki on the side (of my gyro) and they didn't include any at all, not a big deal. Mistakes happen. When I opened the container of the hummus I ordered, it looked like someone vomited in a to-go box. It was horrible. The gyro itself wasn't bad, but sans the tsatziki, it was bland (that's me being nice). Definitely won't order from here again. Like I said, great customer service for the most part, horrible food. Yuck.
Fast, friendly service, they really make you feel like you are family. Can't wait until I'm on that side of town again to stop in.
I ordered a delivery and was very sad to try their food.  Everything was soggy and cold and tasteless.  I had ordered spanakopita, falafel, beef sandwich, and French fries.  I found the quality and quantity seriously lacking.  The presentation was non-existent and looked like  it had been sitting around for a long time in the styrofoam boxes.  It ended up to be very costly, and as far as we were concerned, a total waste of money.
As an American Irish "whiteboy" I appreciate the hell outta some change in the food dept. I have tons of Arabic friends and have eaten plenty of great food from their families. Excellent food... not a complaint but a suggestion to the restaurant. My frys were a bit soggy from the oil. Other then that a great restaurant that I will go back to soon.
Its an okay place for a real quick gyro. Its not the best gyro in Arizona. I think they make their own cucumber sauce. It taste kinda funny to me. I took my wife here I had a beef shawarma it was very tasty  but I wouldn't go back to get another one. She had a gryo but didn't finish it. Its like a one time movie watch for me with this place. Good luck in the future Babylon
Love this place. They always serve a lot of food and great tasting humus. Its clean and food is great. Totally worth paying 8.99 for grilled chicken salad! Meat is always juicy. Me and my husband are regular customers.
The delicious meats, spreads and other concoctions are worth the trip.  The decor, the lighting, the location, not so much, but I put food over decor 9/10 times.

The restaurant that was in this location before left such a bad impression in my mind that I wanted to try this new one quickly. I'm really glad I did.  We went here for a quick bite and wound up having a feast.  Their menu is ambitious, many types of Middle Eastern and Greek influenced preparation styles, each achieved with great success.

The menu features everything east Mediterranean from lamb chops to kibbee to grape leaves to kafta.  The prices are a bit high, but when you look at what you get, it really is a good deal.  The owner was happy to beam about the fact that everything is brand new, everything is made in house and under his watch.

We had the platter for 2.  Now, I'm cheap and a grad student so $25 is a good chunk for a weekday dinner for me, but man was this a bargin.  1 of each: beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken kafta, beef kafta, hummus plate, salad.  Huge stack of pita, 2 falafel and 2 beef kibbee.  Everything was excellent.  The kabobs were excellently grilled, the falafel was crispy on the outside, fresh and moist on the inside.  The sauces that came with (garlic, tdaziki and tahini) were all great for everything on the plates.

The decor needs a lady's touch and I really hope they spend a little cash in there to fix it up.  The location is prime for selling $5 gyro sandwiches til the cows come home (or at least til the lambs do), but if they want their excellent menu to keep the customers coming back they should fix the lighting and decor.  The old place was like a prison cafeteria, food included.  Out with the old!

I'll be going back for a sandwich for sure.  And with the combo for 2 coupon for $22 they gave us, we might be seeing the huge boxes of leftovers in our fridge again soon.
I'm sorry, Tasty Kabob, you are no longer by go-to venue for meat on a stick.

The kafta and kibbee are the best I've ever had, super savory and perfectly spiced. Chicken is - rarity of rarities - tender and juicy while at the same time well-seasoned and seared on the outside. Hummus had great flavor, although I will take Pita Jungle's any day for texture/consistency.

An all around fabulous meal for the money.  And a huge amount of it!

If they hadn't let a color-blind kindergartner do the interior design (cartoon flames!?) it would be a near-perfect skewered-beast experience.
Food was good but I can't say I was terribly impressed overall.  The food kind of took a ridiculously long time even when only one other table was in the restaurant.  The appetizers came out fifteen minutes after our main meals - we had figured they forgot about it.

Tastewise, things were decent but not quite memorable.  I had a chicken shawarma and the whole ordeal was filling but a bit on the bland side.
I went to Flaming Kabob for the 2nd time today.  The first time was around  10pm and today was at 1pm.  Both times I got the shwarma plate.  At dinner it is $15 it comes with shwarma meat, rice or fries and soup or salad.  From 11-3pm it cost $10 with a little smaller portion.

They do have some cheaper stuff if you get the sandwich version instead of the the plate.

The meat seemed different both times I went.   It's nothing to call home about but it hits the  spot especially having the soup or salad first.   Today the food seemed kind of old, the meat were smaller pieces and more dry then when I first went and the  bread was kind of hard.  I'm not a picky eater so I'm not hating on it.  

Overall It's a good place.  I would go back.  It's halal  and  that is hard to come by sometimes so alhamdulillah.
I was starving so I gave in and decided to check this place out. Small place, nothing special inside (which really does not bother me) but good service. The hummus was very good and the pita bread tasted very fresh. They do have a very large menu and prices are very decent as well considering the large portions. My entree was meh- like I said I was starving so it did the job. No alcoholic beverages of any sort. Entree did come with either soup or salad (large salad) and either rice or fries. Had the rice and salad which were both alright. 

I did leave with leftovers but couldn't tell you if it was because i was just too full or my taste buds just weren't really diggin' what I was throwing in there. 

Heard about it, tried it, don't have it down in my datebook as of now to head back.
This is one of those place where you drive by, and you see a catchy sign that says something ridiculous like "$5 lunch" and you say, "Sure...why the hell not!"

One day, I was driving by and I literally said..."Sure...why the hell not!" I needed lunch, was a little tight on cash, so I popped in for a quick lunch, and much to my surprise, I was treated to a perfect Gyro lunch for five bucks.

The food was great. Nothing was stale, or old. The pita was fluffy and delicious. The lettuce was fresh and crisp. The meat was juicy and tasty...it made you feel like you were in the middle of a bazaar in Turkey, Armenia or Lebanon. So delicious.

The guy that ran the joint was pretty cool too! He'll make small talk with you, and he is passionate about his restaurant. I dig.

The bathroom was relatively clean too. 

Also, you can bring your picky-eater friends here. There is something for everyone. Chicken. Beef. Seafood. Vegetarian. Even your supermodel friends who just want to sit outside and smoke and drink Evians.
I can't  say enough about Flaming Kabob, both the Tempe and Mesa locations.  The food is always fresh and good quality.  The portions are large.  My favorite is the chicken kafta, which is a well seasoned ground chicken kabob.  Both the sandwich and the platter are great!  I get the rice as a side and love how moist and flavorful it is, especially with the almonds and raisins.  The service is always friendly and polite.  The owner is always present at one of the locations and greats everyone with a smile and friendly hello.

Give this place a try, you won't regret it!
The only time I've actually been here I didn't get anything. But then I came to find out that they had catered some food for an occasion.

I'll be straight with you. Their 'flaming kabob' or whatever is amazing. Seriously, its a visual piece of art. I aspire to have sear marks like they do on their kabobs when I grill. I'm not kidding each kabob is visually appealing, has perfect sear marks, and looks like a clone of its brother. They also taste very good, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of spices. However, for some reason every time I get to try their kabobs, they tend to be a little dry. This could be due to the fact that I always get their kabobs when it is catered at some event. I won't take off too many points for that, but I can't state that the kabob is perfect for the same exact reason.

The rice and hummus is pretty good as well. I'm not really into ride personally, but their yellow raisin rice is quite fantastic. When you couple it all with some hummus, everything sticks together well to complete the meal. I'd say its well worth a try.

Since I have been there once, but eaten the food many times, I will note that the place lacks decent decorations and has average service. That shouldn't take away too much from the experience though.
Everything here is delicious.  How do I know?  I always split the dinner for two combo which has an incredible amount of food, and a huge variety of their offerings.  We always take 2 boxes full home in leftover.

Everything in that platter is delicious.  Their meats are incredibly juicy.  Their kibbee (king of like a hush puppy with moist ground beef inside) in incredible.  Their kafta is so moist and flavorful.  The salad has a simple but delicious oil & vinegar dressing with some herbs in it.  The rice has raisins and cashews which is unique too.  The food could easily feed 3, maybe 4.  

Very friendly staff, good service and good food are all I need.  This is another one of the very tasty Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe and it is just as good as the other well known ones in the area.
Sooo good! I'd like to come here every time I visit family. I loved the salad and the pita bread is so fresh. I ordered the Chicken Gallaya which was amazing.  The waiter liked to joke around with the cooks so that was fairly entertaining to watch. This place has made me excited to try more mid eastern food I can't wait to go back.
My boyfriend and I got the falafel sandwiches with fries for dinner.  I was not a fan of the fries, but it was the best falafel sandwich I have had in the States!  The owner came out while we were eating and told us about the history of the restaurant.  It was great fun and really cool to chat with him.  When you go be sure to get the whole story for yourself!
A-OK. That's the description for 3 stars. It was a solid place, good food, but I can't say it was my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant or had the best chicken shawarma I've ever had. The prices were great, and the hummus was delicious, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. It was conveniently located across the street from the Improv where we were going to see some comedians. That's probably what I appreciated most about Flaming Kabob.
Flaming Kabob in three words: yum and cheep.

I have eaten here several times since moving to Tempe, and I'm a fan.  Their food is tasty, quick, made-to-order, and inexpensive.  Plus, they have GREAT hours!

I'd like it if they'd go a bit easier on the tzatziki on their gyros, but it's no deal breaker.
I'm doing something I don't usually do, but I'm changing my rating from four to five stars.  I've been here at least a dozen times since I first wrote my review, and I started thinking to myself "there's got to be a reason I keep coming back so often..."

The reason is simple.  The food is fresh, fast, and delicious.  The portions are good, and the spices and ingredients are perfect for the dishes they serve.  The prices are also killer: six bucks for a sandwich, fries, and drink, or six bucks for two sandwiches.  You can't beat that.

For a quick casual meal, this is a great option.  There are other places closer to my house, but I still drive the extra five minutes to come here.  The food is great, healthy, and very satisfying.
I thought this place was very good and considering we WERE going to go to the Persian Room, that's saying allot! There was only one waiter for the place and he was not the most pleasant, but he was quick responsive. Just wish he would have written the cost of the sodas on the tab. Nit-picking aside, this place was great, my boyfriend and i shared a combo plate and were both pretty full afterward. I would definitely go back.
We recently called from the office for delivery from Flaming Kabob... and that was a flaming mistake.  The pitas were pita-ful, the 'fresh' juices a watery mess, and the fries were actually melted into their plastic container.  I have no experience of eating inside the restaurant and am unlikely to do so after this disaster.
Super nice amazing place.. Unbeatable taste of Mediterranean food

I went to four different kabob resturants in Tempe and Mesa and i got an idea that kabob restaurants are all the same.. Same kind of food with slight differences in spices, quantity or may be the service
But when I went to the Flaming Kabob at Mesa location it was absolutly different.. the place is really awesome and the Combo plate was amazing specially the falafel and the rice. The lintel soup was really tastey..
Very good and quick service. I insist to meet the chef to tell my opinion and she was really nice and chearfull lady
Flamming Kabob will be my restaurant every time I have to come to Pheonix
We've only been in PHX a few years and my wife and I really love Mediterranean style food. We've tried a few places around town and have been looking for a place in East Valley that has good Med food at reasonable prices. You can tell this family bought an old chromed out diner restaurant. Doesn't look Middle Eastern in the least but the food was good. $5 for a Chicken Shawarma? Nice!. And a big plate of delicious rice for only about $6. I took my wife and 2 college age boys there and we enjoyed it. 
The tables didn't look real clean though and that was a bit of a turn-off. That's something they need to focus on. But our utensils seemed clean and of course our sandwiches were mostly eaten right from the wrapper.
Hopefully they'll make some cosmetic adjustments.

We'll be back again.
The food is excellent, of that there is no doubt, but the service recently has completely gone down the drain.

When we ordered from them we were told thirty minute delivery time - it took an hour. We ordered three gyros and more and only half the order was delivered. When we called to make this matter known we were met with a rude manager that could barely be bothered to fix the service issue. 

It's been an hour and a half since the original order was placed and we are STILL waiting for our food. Food that was paid for in full.

Absolutely terrible customer service.
Nothing fancy, but the food was good and inexpensive for this type of thing. The counter guy was pretty new, learning the job, but he did a decent job. It took a little while for the food to come, but you expect that for the type of food. There were three of us so we tried a pretty good assortment of food, and everyone was pleased. 

I'm usually more long winded than this, but what else is there to say? Not a place to take a date, but good, inexpensive, Mediterranean food.
got the lunch special. nothing special about it. pita and french fries were store bought. I asked for no onions and guess what I got. would not go there again.
Went in here on Thanksgiving night and props for the place being open. Tried the Chicken Gallaya, which came on Tin foil inside the box, along with some excellent rice that was studded with raisins and nuts. The Gallaya was in a brownish sauce with a bunch of mushrooms, green peppers, some onion and nice big chicken chunks. Also got the Greek salad on the side, which is kind of small and they forgot the dressing, but there was at least was some feta cheese. A small side of lemon chicken rice soup tasted burnt and pita bread was average. Probably should have just got a gyro, but meal was decent, if not slightly over priced at $15.
I like the half chicken meal. Good service. Good food.
Gyro sandwich and mint salad rock.
You can't go wrong with the $10 Chicken Kabob meal.  I love the rice and the mint salad.  The chicken is done just right and always tastes good.
I do like other med places around the valley a lot more, but I don't have anything to complain about here (well technically I do...)   My Sis and I stopped in for take out the other night.  I ordered the chicken schawarma and asked to have soup and salad, because I did not want rice or fries (I wanted the rice, but was avoiding more grains in the day) They accommodated me, so I appreciated that a lot.  I also ordered the cobra juice (carrot, beet, apple, carrot, radish) and it was amazing. I could hear the juicer in the back fresh prepping and the juice tasted like everything was very very fresh.  My Sis ordered a gyro meal and hummus.  When we got home, we saw the did not give me the soup or the taziki asked for, so we had to go back, but they were apologetic and that is all I care about really.  Finally I got to eat, I was happy about the very fresh veggies in the salad.  My complaint would be that there was very little flavor in any of the food.  The chicken was bland, the garlic sauce helped and taziki for the salad, because there was no salad dressing.  I tasted my Sister's gyro and it was very good, the hummus was good, again not the best, but good.  Overall, the amazing juice, fresh veggies and yummy taziki helped me enjoy the meal, so I was happy to have an ok and very healthy dinner.
The gyros are okay, just okay.  Way overpriced but real quick on deliveries which is a plus.
way too expensive! $27 for the worst dolmades i've had and 1 entree that was ok(edible) best part is when they called to get directions,i was reminded it was $27 plus tip!
The food tastes pretty good, however, the service is what makes this place a '1 star' for me. 

Both times I have gone there the server has gotten my order wrong and has tried to make it seem like it is my fault. For example: the first time I went there, I asked for a grape leave pita sandwich and he brought me a tabouli sandwich. I told him that  that was not what I ordered and he said that that was what I told him but he would get me the grape leave sandwich anyways.

I went back there again tonight for take out and told the server  that I wanted the daily special with a grape leave sandwich and a side salad, a side of rice, and a yogurt drink. He asked me if I wanted a side of pita and I said yes. When I got home, I opened my food up and all I got was a large side salad, large side of rice, pitas, and a yogurt drink. I called Flaming Kabob and told them what happened and the server said that he didn't charge me for a sandwich and that he charged me for what I got.

 I really don't understand how he thought that I ordered a large side salad when I clearly said that I wanted the Daily Special which was written on the board by the cash register and it said that you get a pita sandwich and a side. I also checked the pricing for what I was 'supposedly' charged for and it did not add up. I even gave him a dollar tip... which I wish I could take back now.

**Also, the side salad was horrible. It says on their menu that a side salad includes lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, tomatoes, and dressing. The side salad that I got had mostly lettuce, a few tomatoes, and couple pieces of cabbage, and no cucumbers.
Great shawarma and great staff!! However, the number of the staff is low so you will to wait for minutes, but worth it!
Had to listen to the server and two customers talk about how they dislike America and that there own countries are much better.  Once they started bashing the US military we couldn't take it and left after displaying our military IDs when paying.  Food was okay.
I'll start with the not-so-bad: the food was fine. I shared the shawarma and gyro - they weren't spectacular, or great, but fine. But if you really want to try the food, I'd recommend takeout or delivery, since the service and environment really ruined the experience for me.

We went on a warmer night, and the dining room wasn't noticeably air conditioned. They had the door propped open, but it was still pretty warm inside. We were the only ones in the restaurant, but the food didn't come particularly quickly (maybe they were working on takeout orders as well?). We'd only had our food for a couple of minutes when our meal was interrupted by a pretty big moth, which had flown in through the open door. Our server started swatting at the moth with a rag, hitting the fans when it flew toward the light bulbs. As he swatted the fans, we could literally see dust falling from the fan blades. This went on for maybe 5 minutes, during which he stood on chairs and tables, and we stood outside and waited. Eventually he killed the moth, apologized briefly, and we didn't see him again until he brought the check. Frankly, it was hard to think about the food after that, and I wouldn't have been surprised if our meal had been complimentary.

Obviously, some aspects of the meal were anomalies, but some of them were pretty alarming regardless - things like falling dust, standing on tables, and rags being used for... well... not cleaning. Unfortunately, the food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
Love this place! Eating there isn't the greatest, customer service isn't always great, but the food is amazing! From kabobs to falafels, you can't go wrong. We like to order the combo for two, which is really more appropriate for 3-4 people and it's cheap too. They give you SOOOO much food for what you pay when you get the combo. The chicken kabobs are another favorite of mine. The meal comes with yellow rice too & I love me some yellow rice! The delivery driver is super nice and they deliver late. Try it out!
I love this place, well flavored and cooked food
The food was fine . I went to this restaurant several times but last time Was very bad because the server does not know how to deal good with costumers
I love this place. Iv been eating the food here for the last 5 years it's been open and it hands down beats the local Mideast food. Yeah the service when you sit down in lack luster.. It's bad let's just a say it. But the food is very authentic and the owner very personable. I'd suggest calling in an order and bringing it home. But at least try the food!
Myself and my boyfriend both ordered gyros and they were amazing. The lamb was tender and the tzatziki sauce perfect. Was full after just one gyro, no appetizers etc needed. Psst...Also they run a daily special now that is buy one gyro get one gyro free! 

Ended up taking some hummus and pita bread to go and that was our dinner! Very filling.
I would give negative stars if I could!!! I ordered my food with NO NUTS because of my allergy! Not only did they put nuts in my food the manager showed up and tried to blame me for it!!! Terrible! And now I'm breaking out in hives!
The food here is very good. I've gotten take out and eaten in the restaurant and both experiences have been enjoyable. The service in the restaurant is great. I have no idea what the people are talking about when they say the servers are bad. Ours was very kind and had lots of conversation with my boyfriend and me. He also gave us some extra food to try some stuff out! We have gotten the dinner for two both times and it has been more than enough food, especially for the price. It looks kind of like a dump from the outside, but the food is actually really good!

For the take out food we called and they said it would only take about 20 minutes to cook our food. My boyfriend showed up 20 minutes later and our food was ready to go. It was all wrapped up and warm. There was no problems at all and we had just as much food, is not more, than when we dined in.
Had dinner here one Saturday evening before going to a show at the Improv. It is a dive-y little place, which is fine with me, just know what to expect. Service was a little slow considering there were 3-4 parties dining. I had the gyro plate with fries and my friend had a platter with lentil soup. She seemed to enjoy it, my meal was good though not the greatest gyro I've ever had. Probably won't return
Food was excellent very fresh and hit when served.   The kabobs are excellent and and not filed with more vegetables than meat like other places.   The tra tastes like it Yes fresh brewed.
DON'T EAT HERE! The food isn't very great, tiny portions and the "waiter" forces what he thinks he should be tipped on to your check all on his own. 

This place sucks. While the food was simply OK, the portion was as small as they could make it. The service on the other hand was GARBAGE!!! We walked in and the waiter or buss boy or whatever he was just stood there telling us about food while we waited for him to show us a table. So I ended up sitting down on my own and he followed me. He forgot my friends order or fry's TWICE, he didn't check on our drinks once and to top it off he added a 15% tip to the check on his own? Never had that happen before at a fast food restaurant with a party of 3 people.  I will never eat here again, this place SUCKS!
Great grocery store for halal meat and what not. The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
I can not explain how much I love this place!  The food is authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced.  We always get Afandi's when we have a party - we even had them cater our wedding party and everything came out beautifully.

I also make a point to buy my chicken from their butcher counter, as I trust that it is fresh and from a good source (unlike regular grocery stores).
The employees here are very rude.
Excellent fresh middle eastern food. Only 3 tables here, so come to get take out or be prepared to eat outside or in your car if you don't want to wait. When we got there today all three tables were empty. The babaganush was fresh and smokey, the hummus was tasty creamy and good. I had a falafel and it was made with care and pickled vegetables in a thin wrap. The falafel balls were tasty and well fried. My husband had a platter of chicken kabob chicken kafta and falafel which came with hummus...all fresh and delish! Highly reccommended for your middle eastern fresh food fix!
Fabulous fare. Fair prices! Plenty of healthy options. We absolutely love Afandi!  My faves:  Fattoush salad. Grape Leaves. Hummus. Baba. Tabouli. Shish Tawook.  Indepependent, family-owned business with reasonable prices and outstanding service.  My husband also loves the sandwiches and kibbe. Very, very casual (just a couple of tables inside and out designed for a quick bite).  Counter service. Most of the time I do carry out but today we dined inside at a table with a friend. They also have a meat counter and small market with very reasonable prices on quality items.  Great service, too.  I frequently order items (grape leaves are always a hit, as are their salads) from Afandi and bring them when I go to a pot luck event rather than cooking myself! They do catering and their food is always a hit. (I frequently buy meat from their butcher counter as well.)
I have an Iraqi and an Eritrian friend and co-worker who order from here on almost a daily basis.

The extent of my sampling it limited and I will update when I have tried more things.

the hummus was pretty good..definately had better but the texture and flavor were spot on. The falafel I got the past few times was in a wrap and was actually really good, but it did need to loose alot of the grease that it brought. Shouldn't have have fingers like you have been eating at Popeye's or Harold's chicken when eating falafel  IMO. 

I also tried what appeared to be  Loukoumades but I cant be sure. These being fried actually were less greasy than the aforementioned wraps and were very good.

All in all not a bad spot but prob not somewhere I will frequent on my own time.
Who needs a fancy Middle Eastern restaurant when you have this place! The space for dining is as small as it gets, there isn't waitress service, and there are no fancy folded napkins or hookahs, but it is hands down one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas so far for the buck. 

The food is fresh, portions are very generous, and just plain delicious! If someone in the group doesn't enjoy foreign foods, they do offer very cheap, American burgers for the boring people hehe ;). Dishes come out rather quickly and they are willing to alter spice levels to your liking. My favorites were the chicken and garlic side dish (forgot the name ?)

Can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I'm from Los Angeles and whenever I come to Vegas to visit my family, I can't leave without eating Afandi. Being a huge fan of Middle Eastern food i'm always exploring different places and hands down this is one of the best places i've ever tried. The garlic spread is delicious and their lamb/chicken kabobs are cooked to perfection. The prices are good and the portions are generous.
This place is the best market in town! Love it
We order from here quite a few times a month... pretty convenient for picking up pretty good food... we enjoy their schwarma and kafta hallabi... can be a little slow if you are deciding to eat there & not very comfortable surroundings.  All in all, food is good...

your constant companion,

~deirdra
Full disclosure: I'm white and have never been to the Middle East.

I had the best Shawerma of my life 5 years ago at Mediterranean Oasis in Naperville, Il, and ever since then I have been searching for something so good in Las Vegas.

The beef shawerma here was absolutely fantastic. Tons of beef, great tahini, and fresh vegetables all served wrapped up and super hot.  It was under $6 after tax, and right now I never want to live a day in my life without having another one. I concede that I will probably get tired of it eventually, but right now, there is nothing else for me.

The market attached offers other goodies at low prices, and it adds to the ambiance. The place is definitely not a full sit-down restaurant, which is part of the charm. I only interacted with one or two employees, but everyone was kind and welcoming to an obvious outsider.

For me, there was one word to describe it: Wow!
So I go in to order dinner for carry-out (you cant eat in the "restaurant" because it seats a total of 3 people) and I start telling the cashier what I want.  A guy comes out from the back and says they are closing in an hour (actually it was 4:45 and the sign said they closed at 6:00) and he is not going to start cooking anything.  I said "Please.  You don't close for more than an hour".  He says "No.  Its too late" and then turns away and starts talking and laughing with someone.   Maybe they don't need the business.  Today Afandi lost a customer.
This place is my favorite kind of restaurant, a small place that few people know about, dishing out amazing food quick and relatively inexpensive.

Super friendly Iraqi lady working at the counter is gracious pointing out the things they do well.

Best lebanese/middle eastern food I have had in Vegas.

Shawarma and falafel are excellent, great portions. 

Might want to order to go, on account of their small dining area.

I love this about Vegas, that there are these little diamonds on the rough you will find if are willing to step out of your comfort zone.
Small grocery store and dining area.  Both very limited.  I think the place is Iraqi.  The food is good, but not amazing.  Prices seem a bit high.  I like having this place as an option, but it won't be my first pick.
I could not resist and went back to this place again.  The food is so good.  I just wish the people were nicer.
Came in to grab a late take out lunch- saw the chicken shwarma praised in other reviews and ordered the sandwich. Half of the shop is a grocery and half is a restaurant. After placing my order, I I wandered around the grocery portion while waiting for my order.

Earned an extra star for having my favorite cheese here! It's a sheep milk feta, and it's in the back refrigerator in a square metal can with a pull-tab lid. Brand stars with a V, I never remember what it's called but you'll recognize it or you can ask for it. It's $14 and overpriced (you can find it for $10 in SF) but damn good.

Back to my takeout order.
Walked out with my food under five minutes after placing my order, it aws hot and fresh and had just been made.Sandwich was heavy and large, wrapped in several pieces of foil, probably about 9-10" long.

Got home and devoured it- chicken was hot and fresh but a tad underseasoned, veggies and pita were fresh, but the garlic sauce was a little light for my liking. Per the menu, the garlic sauce is garlic and olive oil which is a little boring. Overall, I found the ingredients to be of good quality but the sandwich seemed to be a bit on the bland side.
Good food

Great for general halal meats and cooking ingredients.
Afandi is the place to get kibbe and baba ganoush. The baba is the best in the city, with a mild smokey flavor and just the right amount of Tahini. The kibbe balls are done well with traditional meat and onions on the inside and, again, with the right amount of spice. The regular cucumber, tomato, lettuce salad is an authentic Lebanese salad and tastes almost identical to my grandmother's, with lots of lemon juice, garlic and mint. It still tastes great the next day.

New to me is the Afandi meat, which is like a spicy meatloaf kabob.  Not quite sure what spices are used, but it's delicious, especially when topped with the onions and parsley provided with the order. 

I have not been cooking at home lately, but was pleasantly surprised the adjacent Afandi market has a meat counter, where I could presumably request a special grind of meat for dolmas, if I ever make the time to cook those again. 

Just a heads up, when ordering take out, it takes a while even if you order in advance and show up 15-20 minutes later. Not sure why.
I love this place! Great little market and fast food restaurant. Love their falafel and fattoush salad. They also sell amazing lamb hot pockets. Love markets like this!
This place has everything you need for a Middle Eastern meal. They also have a small restaurant if you don't feel like cooking tonight you could always do takeout. The selection is great and the people are very knowledgeable about Middle Eastern products and if you don't see something u need they will order it for you.
Great food, music, bar, and hookahs.  The fresh oven-baked pita is omazing and the kabobs are succulent.  This place also entertains with Argentine Tango, Salsa, DJs, Belly Dancing, and live music on different nights.  To top it off it's extremely affordable (yet classy) and convenient if you live close to ASU.   This is my new weekly destination.
I recently discovered Mijana while visiting the Goodwill that just opened up in the same nondescript strip mall.  I first saw it from across the parking lot and I walked over to investigate.  There were tables set up outside and a hookah bar next door.  A poster on the window of Mijana advertised belly dancing.  It looked like a cool place and I made a mental note to check it out soon.

A few days later I found myself sitting across from my girlfriend in the spacious interior of Mijana.  This place is huge and a great deal of effort has been put into making it classy.  There is a large stage with a sound system that is superior to most of the rock clubs in this city.  When we were there a middle eastern band was tinkering around with their keyboards, stringed instruments and hand drums.  When they started paying later into our dinner I was pleasantly surprised.  They played middle eastern styled instrumental music that was not overbearing.  

The food is awesome.  Pita bread is made on site and is light, warm and fluffy which is unlike the compressed dense pita that one gets at most mediterranean restaurants.  We were brought out an olive oil dip infused with herbs that went well with the pita.  For our dinner we ordered the fattouch salad, vegetarian plate and lamb kabob.

The fattouch salad was amazing with its' lemony tart dressing and crispy pita pieces.  My dining companion commented that it may have been a bit salty, but it did not detract from the salad at all.

The vegetarian plate was composed of falafel, hummus, tabouli, baba ganoush, dolmades, salad and a block of feta.  I think that the quality of hummus is always a good indicator of what the rest of the food will be like.  I dived right in with my pita and was impressed - it was light and creamy.  The Falafel were also excellent and tasted homemade as opposed to the mixes that other places use.   Usually I hate domades (stuffed grape leaves) - I've had too many bad ones in this town but these were really good.  Tabouli is also something that I am not usually too enthusiastic about but  Mijana's tabouli was fresh and delightful.  Everything on this plate was flavorful and made of excellent ingredients.  I've never sampled a feta so delectable.

The lamb kabobs were tender and succulent with a subtle charred taste.  I usually don't eat lamb, but this made we want to eat more of our wool bearing friends.

We really enjoyed our meal and hopefully will be back soon to check out some belly dancing.  Mijana has carved out an amazing space in this lonely strip of Tempe suburbia.
This is one of our favorite restaurants but it's not easily visible from Scottsdale Rd, so I worry that it won't get the attention it deserves.

The place is one giant open room with a huge amount of tables, a stage for a band, and a floor for dancing. There are three massive circular areas for parties, two of which are raised. But you could also have a party at the long tables that are in the center of the floor. There is a full-service bar.

Mijana is great for late night feasting and partying. They have Wednesday Salsa night. On other nights they have live bands and they bring in belly dancers. Men and ladies actually do get up and dance. The dance floor was packed the night we stayed there late enough for the dancing. The entertainment is scheduled to start around 9 but it doesn't usually get going until about 10, and they'll stay open as long as people want to party, usually until 1 or 2 am.

The food is amazing! This is a vegetarian's paradise, though there is plenty of meat. I'm vegan, but one of our meat-eating groups of friends that we brought loved the food. We brought a second group of meat-eaters who didn't care for the meat so much. The vegetarian plates are all amazing. From my point of view, the meat plates look rather boring, but I'm not the one to rely on for a meat review...

Our favorite dishes: 

1) Moussaka - (eggplant with chickpeas, onions, green peppers, in an amazingly flavored sauce. AMAZING!

2) Eggplant Rehab - this is an eggplant dip with pita, cucumbers, and tomatoes plus other flavors. It's got a gooey texture and I hear that some Americans are turned off by the look and feel of it, but it's so flavorful. It's one of my favorites. People should get over their fear of goo and try this. Yum.

The pita is not like other pita you get at most places. It's the best. The hummus, babaganouj, falafal, and all the other vegetarian items are all so good. Vegans -- just make sure you tell them no tatsiki or feta cheese, etc.

One of the unusual things about this place is that it really doesn't start buzzing until 10 pm. At 10:00, Lebanese families start flooding in and that's when the party begins. Until about 9 or 10, you are likely to be the only people in the restaurant and if you don't know to expect it, you'll be shocked to see the place suddenly on fire after 10.

A couple other things: the owner is so friendly. He has never forgotten us since the first time we discovered his place. And the ambiance of the restaurant is great. It's very nice and there's a patio. The hookah vendor next door will even bring out the hookahs late at night on the weekends for you to smoke.

We've come for a quiet meal as a couple, we've come to party for my birthday -- and also just to party -- and we've brought our children. It's always good.
I had heard that Mijana serves labneh, and so I decided to wander in...especially since I haven't been able to find labneh since I moved to the valley almost 4 years ago! They used to carry it at Trader Joe's but for some reason they stopped. Anyhow, I was unable to actually have a sit down experience but I stopped in and picked up a carry out. 

The restaurant itself is well equipped for entertainment, and it sounds like they have nightly events. My server was very friendly, and I was able to get my carry out quickly. I waited at the bar for a moment while they were putting the carry out together, and witnessed a discussion between the young bartender and two customers. The customers wanted a Crown Manhattan, and suffice it to say, the bartender did not display great knowledge of bartending. 

I definately hope to go back to Mijana and have  a full experience, their menu appears to be quite authentic and im always a fan of live entertainment.
Just had Dinner at Mijana and it was delicious as always. The staff was very accommodating as always and I always enjoy the atmosphere.
We took our friends out to dinner & chose this place off of yelp reviews. We were excited when we looked at the website promising belly dancing and live music and a Lamb Shank that falls off the bone. So the Lamb Shank lived up to the hype, but we were the only customers there for most of our visit, which actually made it kind of nice :) and no live entertainment. So we laughed out loud & enjoyed our friends. 
We tried the Quail hummus... delicious! I had the fattoush salad... the taste was good but the size of the veggies was not appealing to my mouth, I would prefer a more chopped friendly salad. My friends were happy with their choices which I tried & all the food was at a high standard of preparation. The authentic beer selection was terrible. 
The service was personable, very authentic & spicy ;) I liked the feel of the place, the owner was there & checked on us - he gave us coupons for the buffet & we are excited to go back for more. He also explained that they were packed through the holidays & decided to give the live entertainment some time off, but encouraged us to come back to check it out. Woohoo!  All in all, nice find!!
Friend Tish C. turned me on to this place, & that it has a BUFFET!!!     :-))     so we got an UYE group together consisting of Robyn N., Norm R., Mike C. & myself, & stormed the place.

The "FIVESTARNESS":

*  This is an unusual, delicious lunch buffet with adequate choices (I forgot to count them), offered with comfortable seating in a fairly large dining room.

*  The food wasn't labeled, so I can't say what much of it was, but suffice it to say that everything was fresh & good, with an array of cold & hot items to enjoy.  Pocket pita bread, served at the table, was kept generously stocked & was suitable for inserting hummus & some of the other tastes from the serving area.

The "NONFIVESTARNESS":

*  Shortly after our arrival, loud Lebanese music began playing.  I requested a turn down & got it, but pretty soon someone turned it back up some again.

*  The food wasn't labeled.

*  Table service was good at the beginning, but fizzled out part way throughout our meal, & we had to hunt down the person to take our money when it was time to leave.

Bottom line?  Good, fun place to have Lunch Buffet for $9.95, daily from 11 AM except Saturday.
We had a uye buffet lunch here today with Rand h, Norm R and Robyn N. and i can not think of to many other Lebanese restaurant to compare it to but I wish there was because even though I did not know a lot of the dishes I was eating I really enjoyed everything I tried. I look forward to going back on a different day to try some more of this delicious cuisine. So if your in the mood to try something a little different I would recommend  Mijana because YAY I am a fan.
This review is for Mijana's lunch buffet. I would recommend this to anyone who would like try Lebanese cuisine and get an opportunity to try several dishes in one sitting. The dishes are well presented and I found most of them to be very good. I do wish, though, that they would have labels for the different dishes, like some buffets do, with perhaps a brief phrase describing what each dish is; for instance: "Dolmades - vegetarian stuffed grape leaves."  Our group at the buffet UYE today  (Rand H., Mike C., Robyn N., and me) kept asking each other, "What do you think this is? ... What's in here?" because a lot of the dishes were unfamiliar, although they were really good. The service, while friendly, could be a bit more attentive. The restaurant is very spacious and seating is comfortable. Also, parking - which seems to be a problem in most other Mediterranean restaurants - is no problem here.
Just barely 4 stars and that's because the food was very good.

Went here for the lunch buffet today with Rand H, Norm R and Mike C.  The buffet is small, but with lots of yummy stuff.  I only wish I knew what most of it was because nothing was labeled.  When we asked our waiter? what kind of soup, he said he didn't speak English but would go to the back and find out; it was lentil soup, and it was very good.   There was hummus, baba ghannoush and a couple other unknown dips to eat with the delicious homemade pita bread.  Check out Norm R's photos of the puffy pita pockets - they tasted as good as they looked!  There were stuffed peppers, chicken on the bone and a couple platters of red sauce - one had beans and an unknown meat - another had squash? with what seemed to be lamb meatballs.  I just wish they had some sort of dessert other than the canned fruit cocktail and some sort of pudding? that tasted good, but again, we had no idea what it was.  Baklava would have been the perfect ending to the meal.  

The service was almost non existent, the music was a little too loud for lunch even after Rand asked them to turn it down a bit, and not only did we have to chase them down for our check, we actually paid standing at the waiter station.  

I did check out their regular menu and while everything looks good, it seems a little pricey.  The lunch buffet was reasonably priced at $9.95.
I have had some pretty good Lebanese food in LA, and I was expected mouth-watering flavors and the tangy flavors of the cuisine.  I think I set such high expectations, but the food was still good nonetheless.  I would have to say the hummus was delicious.  The price was pretty reasonable, but I think some of the other entrees could have been seasoned with more Mediterranean flavors.
I was there for a meeting and arrived late (as usual) so I missed out on the fabulous looking buffet. BUT, I did try and have the Soup of the Day, which was lentil soup that day. Wow, what a great meal! And it was only $5! Big bowl of tasty soup that really hit the spot as the meeting was progressing and my tummy was aching for something warm and tasty. can't wait to go back and try the rest of the tasty treats.
I read that the service was poor, and, my fellow Yelpers, you don't lie.  We were greeted with a generous helping of silence, followed by disbelief when my friends tried to order off the menu for lunch.  I can't take them anywhere, but it was my fault, I know that they won't do a buffet.  So, after being told that it would take a while, we were informed that the gyro would not be coming.  After that, my friends watched me enjoy the buffet, which was followed by my friend who was now on a forced diet because his gyro didn't make it and me watching friend number two eat.  The food is actually good, and I love buffets, but I don't think we'll be going back.
I got takeout and I didn't even feel a slight tinge of homesickness or memories evoked by this place's food.

Amazingly nice staff, fabulous service (they offered  me a drink while I waited and could not have been more courteous).

However, what Arab salad doesn't have the crispy bread pieces?  Why was my lamb tough?  Where did you get this super thick pita bread?  Who taught you to make hummus?

Save your money and go to Pita Jungle instead--other than hearing Arabic, I felt it was just as authentic as the cheaper option.  In fact, I'd go here if there weren't several other "pita jungle' type options in the area.

PRO: they had the right pickles.  That counts for a lot.  If you want to hang out and smoke shisha, this is definitely your place.
Fantastic food and service was great.
Had the home-made pita bread with the combo appetizer which contained some of the best Babaganoush, and Dolmas I've ever had in addition to the hands down best pita bread in town. It comes hot out of the oven. Also had some sort of oil sesame seed I don't know the name of which was really good.
For the main course I had the lamb shank which was nice and soft and came off the bone and onto my rice. Yummy.

The hookahs come from next door and they were good, and the coals were added regularly without having to ask for it.

Service was great with everyone checking on us regularly.

Decor isn't the greatest and has a ethnic-restaurant feel to it but I don't mind that.

Live entertainment with Lebanese music, belly dancer next door, and people dancing was pretty nice.
Stopped by here on a Saturday night for dinner with friends.... and ended up staying like 4 hours!

We ordered drinks, hookah, and dinner menu items.

The food was delicious, and the homemade pita bread was outstanding.
The hookah was delicious... but the real standout here was the service.

Everytime I thought we may need new coals... BAM, there they were offering us new coals.  If we were close to being out of a drink, BAM, another drink would appear!
They even brought over complimentary smoothie tastings, and gave us $10 off coupons for our next visit.

After 9:30pm there was a live band that played inside and people danced on the dance floor, and there was a belly dancer performing on the patio!

Loved loved loved it.
A friend invited me..she had a flyer for belly dancing lessons at 6pm .we met up there at 630.. And there was only the hostess /waitress/bartender and a couple other employees standing around .we sat and ordered a drink and hummus .waiting for the dancers ,and slowly after 7 they walked in. I met one Rosa very nice .she invited me to her studio on 7st and camelback.so the show consist of r&b ,reggae ton and country it was fun but I would have loved to see and hear middle eastern music. All and all I was entertained. The lamb kebobs were ok and beside me searching for are hostess at the bar. She was great.
dined here on february 25, 2011.

the variety of food available at this buffet is a bit limited, but maybe this is just the nature of lebanese buffets. i believe the meats available were chicken and perhaps lamb tucked into some of the dishes. 

most everything is cooked in lots of oil. this place would be good for the paleo crowd, if they avoid the bean dishes. 

all the cooked dishes are kept in small pans, so everything is pretty fresh as the chef will continually restocks them when they run low.
The first half of the night gets a 5, the second half gets a 1...so all in all a 3. 
My bf and I dined here last night, and I have very mixed feelings. The first half was great, the second not so much. 
We got there early, around 5:45. There was only two other groups there and we were seated immediately. We planned to stick around for a couple hours to watch the show, so we tried a few appetizers. I have to say, it is hard to find a place that has good hummus and good falafel. It's usually one or the other. This place had the best I've ever had, and the pitas are delightfully fresh. We also had the baba ganoush, but that was not as blended as I usually like, there were still lots of seeds and it was a little slimy. Our first two rounds of Adios Amigos (adios motherf*ckers) were strong and yummy, just the way I like them. 

Around 6:30 they started to get busier, as people were arriving for the show (second Sunday of the month is Bollywood style dancing). Another waitress came in but that was still only 2 servers for everyone. It took more that 20 minutes before we could flag down one of them so we could order our meals and another drink. The last drink, I'm pretty sure they made with double rum and no tequila. Blech! Once we got our food I was a little surprised because I didn't think stuffed zucchini would be a chilled dish. Turns out it's not, my food was just cold, and I don't mean room temp I mean fridge cold. She takes it make, microwaves it for about 30 seconds and brings it back. 
My meal tasted like they took Uncle Ben's spanish rice and stuffed it in some zucchini. He had the beef shwarma, and said it was so-so. 

The entertainment was great, and our waitress was very helpful before other people started showing up. We might go back another night for more appetizers and to see a show or we may try the lunch buffet.
One server, one cook, one guy making bread. Had a Groupon so didn't do the buffet. Ordered two dips and had to ask for more bread. Also had to flag down server to order drinks. A wait for our meals and not much meat that was dry and overcooked. Maybe dinner or the buffet is better but having been to that part of the world and had that food, I wasn't impressed enough to be back. My Groupon was for $40 so when I got my bill and it said a discount for less and the amount I figured I owed wasn't the same as what I was told, I asked the server. She said she couldn't help me because the owner did the bill and she couldn't fix it. Seriously? Not good!
We moved to the area recently and have planned to visit Mijana many times, but only made it out tonight. We arrived just after they opened for dinner, so it was pretty empty except for a birthday party by the stage area.

The waitress was attentive and had drinks and food for us very quickly.
I'm a freak about hummus and make my own pretty regularly, so I know what I like. The hummus here was absolutely wonderful; a good traditional creamy hummus.

The first batch of pita that came with it was nothing special, but the second batch was wonderful. It was hard to believe these came from the same kitchen, but I'm glad we asked for more.

My wife had the lamb shank dinner and I had the Kofta kebab, and we both agreed that our meat was delicious, but the rice was spectacular. The salad that came with the meal is always like garnish to me; good but nothing special and certainly not the star of the meal.

If I have the chance I may come back for the lunch buffet, but the dinner was great, even if a little expensive. For the lamb it seems appropriate, but kofta/kefta always seems like it should be cheaper than it is.

Hummus: 5/5
Pita: 4/5 (second serving was much better)
Lamb shank dinner: 5/5 
Kofta kebab: 5/5

Service: 5/5
Clean: 5/5
My husband, daughter and I arrived for dinner. Besides us, there was only 1 couple there.  Service was extremely poor and the food was less than good.

It took us 15 minutes to get our drinks and when I needed a refill, I had to go to the bar and get it myself.  The man told me that he was busy!  He was watching TV!!!!!

One hour later - we FINALLY get our food and my husband's lamb was cold in the center.  It was obviously microwaved and not long enough to heat the center.   The pita bread had raw dough in the center and my meal was just OK.

A bellydancer asked me how my meal was and I told her that we were a little disappointed.  She went and got the owner, who would not even let me explain why we were unhappy - all he heard was "my husband's lamb is cold" and he cut me off and ran off with his plate and brought back the same plate - microwaved more.

He needs to learn to listen to the customer, especially when they have a valid complaint.  It was a total waste of time and money.  It took us over 2 hours to get out of there and the place was almost empty.  

Mijana has become our family's inside joke. When we are hungry, we say "how about Mijana?" and we all start laughing.  

There are much better middle-eastern restaurants in the valley and we will never be back to Mijana.
Great place to take salsa dancing lessons! Very basic, fun and you don't even have to have a dance partner!
I'm not gonna lie- I'm easy to please, but Mijana is a cut above.

Over the past year I've made a conscious effort to try independent, local businesses with greater frequency, and I've come across some real treasures.  Mijana is a shining example of this.

I've been to Mijana several times, and it's because of a combination of service and taste.  The very first time I came in was on a Sunday afternoon, and I hadn't the foggiest idea of many of the items I was trying.  The waitress actually took me up to the buffet after my lunch, and walked me through everything I had just tried.  I enjoyed everything but the baba ghanouj, and that was an issue of texture rather than taste- I've never cared much for eggplant anyways.

Honestly, I've never tried anything but the buffet, and part of that is because I have a huge appetite.  It's not a 50-dish ensemble, but man, the 20 or so items on there are swell.

The pita bread is made on-site, and quite frankly is the best I've ever had- light, fluffy, and warm.

I plan on dining here many more times in the future, as I just genuinely enjoy it so much.
Food took forever to arrive and when it did, it was a disappointment. Salad was quite sour, and the grill meats was dry and didn't have much flavor to it. Didn't seem like much food, but the bill sure was a surprise!! 
The only interesting thing they have is belly dancing and salsa dancing for the night.
Sadly, Mijana has discontinued the weekday Lunch Buffet, so I won't be returning.     :-(
Delicious food...I enjoyed the hummus with homemade, tasty pita and the kofta kebab.  It was fantastic!

Convenient location in north Tempe/south Scottsdale.  Reasonably nice interior and friendly staff.
Not too shabby I guess.  I wasn't too impressed with the food here.  I ordered the beef shawarma not too sure what it really was.  The hummus was pretty good along with my pita bread.  However, that wasn't the main meal. The beef was pretty dry along with the dry bed of rice.  Needless to say, I needed some water!  I must give them kudos for the sangria. It looked pretty cloudy at first, but when you take the first sip....oh yeah it's good! 

Service is pretty good and and fast.  I appreciate the belly dancing show and the floor turns into a salsa dancing fest during the evening.  I've danced here many times and it's pretty good since there's actually room for you to move around.  However, ventilation is rough....sweat! - Enjoy
my first lebanese food experience was on a weeknight.  There were plenty of tables available and I was encouraged to see a number of the people seated appeared to be lebanese (don't hate me for the racial profile assumption on my part). The main dining area surrounds a stage & dance floor.  Along the back wall is a full service bar & buffet.  But the buffet was empty when we arrived (perhaps its only used at lunch??)
The server was very friendly & helpful and I suspect she was an owner based on her interactions with some of the guests.  (another assumption)
we ordered Fatayer which is a hot appetizer, spinach pies in philo which my companion loved.
for our entrees we had stuffed zucchini (stuffed with rice) and Mousaka (eggplant in a tomato sauce) which surprised me by being a bit spicy.
The fresh pita bread was complimentary and DELICIOUS. Made fresh there at the restaurant, it was soft and hot and I could have eaten it and the rice pilaf alone as my meal they were both that good.
Next time we go will be on a Saturday evening.  They have belly dancers after 7pm.
I was a guest of a friend who was hosting a family style dinner on Arabian night which included live traditional Arabic/Iraqi music and belly dancers.  I will start by saying although I was a guest; I was made to feel just like part of the family and was told I was going to have a great time, which I most certainly did. Our evening started with an Arabic serenade and the tempo progressed throughout the evening. Our dinner was family style so I didn't order off the menu which I was perfectly fine with. The Lebanese dinner included a salad, piles of pita bread, hummus, babaghanouj, dipping oils, a fried appetizer platter, Beef/ Chicken Shawarma and rice.  I enjoyed all the food and the host ensured my plate was constantly replenished which was a welcomed gesture.  I devoured every helping.   During dinner we were entertained by belly dancers who captivated the entire restaurant.  These dancers were quite talented and had everyone out of their seat dancing and throwing handfuls of money at them. It was magical. 

Aside from the great entertainment, I was pulled out to the dance floor and participated in a traditional group dance- everybody was dancing in their traditional belly dancing style.  I had no reservations showing off my best Shakira inspired "hips don't lie" moves.  I fit right in.  After the dance, we all took a break to enjoy some Hookah out on the patio provided by Hookah Mania which is hip hookah lounge located next door.
This wasn't a dream. It really happened.
I went there recently for an event that had over 130 people.  The event leader said she had told the owner far in advance of the event and of the amount of people.  

The service was predictably slow, but I mean reaaaaaallllllyyyyyy slow.  They only had 2 servers, yes 2.  We had to get up and get the server, get our own water and drinks at the bar they were so overwhelmed.  This is OK at an Arbys, but not at a restaurant.  

My rating isn't for the servers, they did their best to keep up, my rating is for the owner who really didn't care.
To put it succinctly, the service at Mijana bordered on the comically absurd.  

Before weaving this narrative, I will disclaim that it blows my mind that after years of being in business (and countless reviews attesting to the sub-par service) that there has been little to no improvement in that department.

Our party arrived for "International Night" at 7p on a Sunday night.  (The second Sunday of each month this restaurant hosts a few performers/acts from varying parts of the world.  Tonight we got to enjoy Brazilian Samba, Egyptian Bellydance, and Spanish Flamenco.  The entertainment was wonderful!

Upon our arrival, the restaurant was less than half empty.  I noticed three servers and the manager/owner in attendance.  As we were seated we immediately asked for a high chair for our toddler.  That high chair arrived about an hour and a half later.   It probably took 15 minutes before we received menus.  No drink orders were taken, no waters brought to the table  (They arrived about a half hour later).

We had been seated for about twenty minutes before I flagged down a server and asked if we could order.  Her reply was, "she has not come, yet?" and took off to find our server.  When our gal arrived, there were no apologies or explanations.  We pre-empted our order with the disclaimer that we were all very hungry and wanted to order right away.  So our orders were finally placed after we had been at the restaurant for nearly thirty minutes.  The beer I ordered never arrived, but I had to get up and let the server know once my third appetizer plate came to the table.  No apologies.

I ordered seven hot appetizers.  The first three arrived about thirty minutes after they were ordered.  The Quail, Fatayer, and Foul Moudamas.

Quail (sauted over hummus): Perfect portion for one person, absolutely flavorful and delicious.  Crisp and spicy/sweet on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside.

Fatayer (four spinach pies with onions, sumac, and line nuts): Nothing to rave  about, basically a lackluster version of Spanakopita without the feta.

Foul Moudamas (fava beans cooked with garlic and lemon juice, topped fresh diced tomatoes, cilantro with drizzle of olive oil): Loved this, fresh and packed with flavor.

I had to get up and get more bread for our dips, as server was nowhere to be seen.  I had to constantly clear the table of plates as no one came to the table to do so.  At one point, about an hour and fifteen minutes after we arrived, the owner came to the table to ask how the food was  (the music was so loud I was virtually screaming at him and I barely heard him).  I handed him a stack of plates that I was just clearing from the table and mentioned how the food tasted great, but we were all still hungry...hint hint.

The server never came to follow up on our food, to ask if we wanted refills, or just to see how everyone was doing.  Around 8:30p, one hour after our orders were placed, I had to once again get up and find the server to ask about the remaining dishes I ordered.  At that time she informed me that they were out of two of the appetizers I ordered.  No Sambusek, no Makanek.  No apologies.  Fine, but the appropriate thing to do would have been to come to the table and inform us about this, and offer something else instead.  Long story short, she mentioned that my Chicken Shawarma Hummus was on its way, more than an hour after I ordered it.  The final appetizer I ordered, would arrive an hour and fifteen minutes after order was placed.

Hummus Shawarma (chicken over hummus with pine nuts) My favorite dish of the night, tasted exactly like Pita Jungle's version  (Just costs more).  The chicken was outstanding.  Soft, succulent, and savory.  

Garlic shrimp (sauted shrimp in garlic cilantro)  Second favorite dish.  Generous portion of gorgeously plump prawns, well seasoned and very flavorsome.

We snickered collectively when the hostess of the evening announced that the entertainment was coming to a close, and that there would be Samba lessons.  I quote, "I hope that your food has settled so you can enjoy some dancing lessons."  Everyone's entrees literally arrived an hour after we had come to the restaurant, right when the hostess opened up the dance floor for some lessons.

The music was so loud that I had to stuff mine and baby's ears with tissue - we were literally yelling in each other's ears so we could hear one another.  Our sweet baby had an amazing time, though!  She loved the music and the dancers and was captivated the entire time.  We were so lucky to have the entertainment to keep our minds off our growling (roaring) bellies.

Our bill arrived close to 9p, after I once again made the journey to find our server and request the bill.  No thank you's,  no smiles, no apologies from her.  

However, I would love to return for future International nights.  I will likely sit at the bar with no expectations of food or service - maybe a cocktail and some shisha.
If only the food and service matched the looks!  

While it looks plain from the outside, Mijana is large and open inside, combining a fairly casual atmosphere with near fine dining visual appeal.  If I was basing this review on the look of restaurant alone, with its tall ceilings and long family-style tables, it would certainly get a 5 star rating!

HOWEVER, Mijana is probably the most over-priced and over-rated restaurant in the entire area!

With Middle Eastern and Mediterranean food not as popular as Italian and Asian fare, many of Mijana's close competitors shut their doors in response to these tough financial times and I can only guess that this lack of options/alternatives is responsible for Mijana receiving any positive reviews at all!

I have eaten here 4 times.  Twice I went with family, two other times I went with friends to see one of the weekend evening dance specials that people I know were performing in.  While I commend Mijana for supporting local dance talent, the restaurant's primary concern should be supporting the paying patrons!  After 2 tries, my immediate family refuses to return and my friends, except for the ones dancing, have not been back!

Each of the 4 times I have gone, the service has become more and more dispicable and the food has only become less and less edible.  

The reheated pans of low-grade and truly off-tasting ingredients at the buffet only seem like a "bargain" for the price until you actually try it.  What doesn't get eaten one night seems to get reheated for the next night's dinner service and the next, etc...

The food off the regular menu is way overpriced in relation to the quality that ends up on your plate.  The dishes are unoriginal and, despite the fact that the stereotypical Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern fare should be predictable, the only thing you can count on is that it's bland and will probably be cold to the touch by the time the server finally brings it to your table!

The waitstaff is almost always insufficient (a cost-cutting measure by a greedy owner?) with only 2 servers (if you're lucky) working most weekend dinner services.  Speaking of service, it is consistently the slowest I've ever experienced at any restaurant.  Additionally, food items do not arrive together (members of my group were often served at different times and TWICE we didn't get bread for our Hummus appetizer until AFTER we completed the main courses, even though we made the server aware) and that's just the start!  

Bringing any issues to the attention of the floor manager simply results in a dismissive attitude and no results...if he is in a GOOD mood!  When he's not, he'll treat you like a dog.  The way my mom and I were spoken to when we asked about drinks (after a 25 minute wait at the table without even water to sip on) was appalling!  And, the servers could care less.  They don't "serve", but they sure don't hesitate to express their upset when the tip is lacking.  You will not leave feeling even remotely appreciated or valued as a customer, I guarantee it!

If you do decide to dine at Mijana, prepare yourself for a long, expensive night of substandard food and the worst customer care in the Valley!  Unless your friend is dancing there that night or you want to torture your most hated in-laws, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else...anywhere else!
Service is very poor and very slow (may be acceptable in the middle east, but not in the US). Home made pita bread and appetizer were good. Main dish was very mediocre. The food is overpriced (they need to cover the cost for live music). We went there because of groupon coupons. There are many good restaurants in Scottsdale with excellent food and good service that I will enjoy, so no need to go back to mijana.
A little mixed. I have been here twice. First time-great service and I thought the food (beef and chicken shwarmas) were excellent. Second time there was during the friday night belly dancing. Service was slow. Restaurant wasn't that busy, but everyone looked in the weeds. Got the chicken kabobs and first thought was that there wasn't a lot of chicken. It was very good tasting, just seemed like a small portion in comparison to the shwarma. I'll give the place another try and see how it goes....
Saw the Groupon for Lebanese food and thought we'd check it out.  We had the lamb kabobs, falafel and a salad.  Everything tasted very good and the portions were huge.  Me and my friend couldn't get enough of the pickled beets!  The service was friendly, a couple of people came out to see how we were enjoying our meal.  I would definitely stop by again!
Here's the quickie run down:

Lentil Soup - Amazing
Hummous - Amazing
Pita Bread - Baked onsite... Amazing
Falafel - amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Kibbe - don't even usually like this.... amazing.  

All this they made for me right before closing... they rock.   Can't comment on the service but when you see amazing lebanese food... you just gotta go no matter what.  Stop reading and start driving!
Horrible service... A dinner that should have only been about an hour or so took forever... Servers were very rude... drinks were not maintained... Food took forever... the music was so loud for the dancers and for the in-between time that my husband and I could not even talk to each other...  the live dancers were hmmm so so... and being from Dearborn MI ( the 2nd largest middle eastern community in the world other than the middle east) I think I know Arabic or middle eastern food... the food is nothing to write home about... save your self the time and belly ache and go to haji baba in Tempe  on main... http://www.yelp.com/biz/haji-baba-tempe this place knows Arabic.. In fact the cook is from Michigan
Ordered delivery from here 3 times. The drivers and staff I've talked to have been very friendly, but as others have stated, I found the service to be dreadfully slow on 2/3 of my orders. As for the food, I really enjoyed it when it arrived. The fresh pita was great, and the rest of the food was good enough to order again. However, if I ever wanted Mijana again I would be traveling to the restaurant, rather than ordering delivery.
I went for happy hour. There is a sign in front of the restaurant that claims appetizers are 1/2 price. They charged full price. When I pointed this out, my waitress said, "The sign is old." She then took $4 off the bill, meant that one of the three dishes I had as 1/2 priced. This is simply dishonest business.

This is sad because I liked my meal. The quail and ful medames were very good and the kibbe was also good. The basket of pita was hot and fresh. Up until I got my check, I was satisfied.

To be fair, the manager did throw a gift card at me on my way out. A nice, if hollow, gesture (even with the gift card, I still paid more than the advertised price). I won't go back to a place that promises one price, charges another, then uses lame excuses to cover up their dishonesty. This wasn't just one bad waiter, the entire staff was dishonest.
Authentic and delicious Lebanese food. Great ambiance and full bar. We'll be back to catch the live music and belly dancers on Saturday night.  The buffet was a great deal with a wide selection including vegetarian options and dessert.
Yelped for buffets in the northern Tempe area and spotted this place being a short ride away...

Arrived about 7pm and they were just about to get the last few hot dishes out for the buffet. The place was fairly empty and I was greeted by the owner and a lovely hostess before being seated near a window. The atmosphere was looking good and you can tell this place can go nuts with the dancer's and music other yelpers mention.

The buffet had a full line-up of Mediterranean cold dips (Tzatziki,  Babaganoush, Hummus, etc..) to accompany a salad bar, and another section for very flavorful hot dishes such as eggplant, roasted chicken legs/wings, meatballs with peppers/onions/potatoes, aromatic lamb shank on rice, cous-cous, rice with lentils, and a tasty vegetable tomato-based stew. For dessert I tried a sort of cold pudding that was adorned with crushed pistachios - very tasty!

Very happy with the meal here (any buffet with lamb has my vote), but I might hold off until a special event night where I can entertain a date or party for the $16 price tag. I would also suggest coming in early on a slow night as the owner would have little reason to keep everything topped up with an empty house (and the lamb goes fast!)
This rating is based on having the buffet and a sangria. Wanted to get the buffet in order to sample a little bit of several things the restaurant offers. Wasn't sure what everything was, but nearly everything was delicious. This was an impromptu dinner out with the girls, and one of us ordered the grill chicken kebab (I think)....this was some of the juciest, most delicious chicken ever! They were starting free salsa lessons as we were finishing up, and we're thinking about going returning just for the drinks and the salsa lessons. Oh, and not to forget the pita bread. It is so fresh and delicious! If you barely like sangrias, make sure to order theirs. This is how a sangria should be made. Wonderful and will definitely return!
My friend took me out here and we had both heard some good things about it. At the end of the night, he was apologizing to me for how awful the food and service was. We're both Middle Eastern and about the only thing we liked about this place is the atmosphere, which is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars, I'm being generous! The Food was too expensive, and we had to flag down what seemed to be the only waiter there twice to get our food after waiting over 45 minutes. The food tasted awful and old. Tasted like it was just thawed out and cooked which made it really dry. The entertainment; the belly dancer looked tired and danced like it was a chore that she couldn't wait to finish and only went to tables where most of the drunk guys who were throwing the money at her. Music was way too loud so we had to scream at each other. Never going back there again.
groupon NOW!!! we've never tried this place but a friend was coming into town and requested "some sort of ethnic food" so we headed over to Mijana. 

it was very sparse inside...a little eerie. but we were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken. i opted for a vodka limeade and it was very sour....i liked it alot!

i ordered a lentil dish, and the wife and friend ordered a tomato lentil dish. i thought both dishes were very tasty and the side of tzeziki (sp?) was very cucumbery-creamy. the side of pita bread was warm and delicious and i thought overall the meal was quite enjoyable. there were belly dancers there, but i like to eat in relative peace when i'm out with the wife so it was a bit distracting. 

i thought the prices were reasonable and there are plenty of options for non-meat eaters.
I'm always a little skeptical when I walk into a restaurant on a Friday or Saturday night and it's almost empty. That's never a good sign. However, Mijana proved to be a great new place for tasty, ethnic food that has lots of vegetarian options. My husband ordered a spiced lentil dish and I got the vegetarian moussaka. Both came with some rice and a side salad. I really enjoyed my meal and even ate the leftovers for breakfast the next morning!
Service was friendly, but since I only saw one server, and maybe one trainee, it got a little sparse once a large birthday group was seated next to our table. I had a hard time getting water refills and had to wait quite a while for the missing tzatziki that should have come with my dinner. 
Belly dancing entertainment livened up the place and apparently there was going to be salsa lessons later that night. 
Decent prices for the portion sizes. Oh, and the bread and dipping sauce they brought at the beginning of the meal was amazing!
A friend invited me out to their belly dancing show on a Friday night, so off we went. There was the option of the dinner buffet or ordering off of the menu, but I wasn't too hungry so I just got an order of pita bread and hummus. For our group of 6 people, service was off and on. After we got our food, I don't think our server came by until we were ready for the check. The pita was okaaaaaaay, have had better. The show was great though, and everyone else's food looked and smelled really good so I'd definitely give them another try.
I attended on a Sunday night to watch a belly dance performance. The restaurant was nearly empty, but based on Yelp reviews I ordered my food ASAP. I was seated quickly, but the wait for service was long, the appetizer took forever to come out, as did my wine and entree, but the food is delicious. The belly dancing was entertaining, and while the restaurant feels more banquet hall, than intimate dining, I enjoyed it.
Craving Arab food tonight amd this was the closest to my hotel. Beautiful inside, love the decor. Table cloths , cloth red napkins, dim lighting. They played traditional music, not too loud or overpowering. Full bar. Next door to a hookah lounge which is nice. Friendly service. The food was yumm. Over all, I would return.
Was expecting a buffet, but they no longer have it. Ordered from the menu, food was good.
I love the food here, but that's all I can really review about it positively. The service has never been fantastic, and i've come here quite a bit. I'm not sure if they are still serving RC Cola as the fountain drink, but that's just weird. The meals are a bit pricey in comparison to the other arabic restaurants out here. But hey, at least the owner is a nice guy!
Good food, lousy service. The employees are nice (at least the ones I met), but if you come here be prepared to 1) not have your food for an hour and, 2) drink very slowly as you will get a refill maybe once.

What was so weird about the service is that the place was practically empty and it STILL took forever. Later it filled to the brim as there was a belly dance performance, but the service stayed the same from the full hour of emptiness to the hour of being packed.

Mijana seems to rely on the other things it does (like the belly dances) for people to come in because the food, while very good, was not good enough to justify the prices they charge nor get the incredibly slow service they provide.

Essentially, if you're going just for the food, there are better options.
So I have ordered from this place twice now. Each time they have not sent what was in the description. Each time have not answered the phone when I called  to complain. I ordered the cheese and olives platter. They don't send olives they send me cucumber??? Come on? Some dishes I have had are good but most just come up lacking. Bland flavor. Lacking in spices. This place is a pass. I wish someone had told me that when you order from then don't expect to get what it says in the description. Maybe dine in is better but delivery is horrible.
been here twice, had the sampler for 2 both times, great value, great food.
The atmosphere was lively, yet unpretentious. Staff was attentive as was the friendly owner. The entertainment is phenomenal and the food is excellent. I don't have one negative comment on this place, I love it!
Here Friday nights could be noisy for you, if you hate dance and music. Food is fresh and tasty. The PITA is AWESOME!
Loved the food!  Great happy hour specials and our waitress was terrific!  Their homemade pitas are the best in town!  The vegetarian platter...yum!  I hear they have evening entertainment...we will be back!
Ordered takeout from them last night and all I can say is "woooow". This has been an eye opening exerience and a real treat. I may just convert to Islam if all of their food is as good as Mijana's take on Lebanese! jk jk

In all reality, my husband and I were sufficiently pleased with our order and will definitely be ordering from them again!

ORDER:

Chicken Shawarma Platter: 5/5 - Hubby ordered this and hoooooly God er... Allah, this... This was fantastic. I stole a bit off his plate in order to satisfy my curiosity because I'm a Shawarma nut and am trying to find awesome shawarma to lure my Israeli friend out to the desert from New York with. This might just do it. There's definitely a bit of a kick with it and it's sincerely tasty. Hubby was extremely happy

Lentil Soup: 3/5 - Arrived cold and was a little on the bland side. Nothing a microwave and salt couldn't fix Love the cheese in it. Very interesting.

Greek Salad: 5/5 - YUUUUUUM!!! They LOADED it with feta and tons of dressing and a huge amount of veggies. They definitely didn't skimp on their salad unlike most places! 

Kofta Kebab: 4/5 - This is something I've never tried before. Anywhere.... But I seriously appreciated the spice notes and juiciness of this grilled treat. It went GREAT with the sauce and the rice... Lord have mercy I may need to trade in my southern roots for more of this lemon spice rice. 

Baklava: 5/5 - So amazing. Love the tons of crushed pistachios on this AND these were FREE!!!

Pitas: 5/5 - Woooow open them up for a perfect pocket to stuff your noms in.

Service: 5/5 - Super fast and the driver as a real doll. 


All in all? 5/5 and I WILL be going back!
We tried Mijana first because the Middle Eastern man working at the Honda dealership where we bought our Fit said it was the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Phoenix and he'd tried them all. When we saw the Groupon coupon offer, pay $15 for a $30 coupon, we jumped. Cost of gasoline for the round trip from Apache Junction was $8 that we included in our expenses. 

Though the online menu said that there were two for one drinks and half-off cold appetizers during 5-7 pm Happy Hour M-F, that had been eliminated, along with the buffet I'd hoped to try from reading Yelp reviews. So that dented our budget from the start. 

I'd decided on the lamb shank from the online menu, largely because it said there was a hamburger sauce for the rice, and every Greek and Middle Eastern restaurant where I've had lamb shank, the tomato-based meaty sauce, often with peas, carrots and onions, is the best part of the dish. No sauce of any kind. I asked the waitress, who checked the menu and saw it said a hamburger sauce, and she went to the cook to get some. 

He told her that customers didn't like it so they discontinued the sauce. The menus should be updated to delete references to Happy Hour deals and the sauce. The smallish lamb shank was fine but average without a sauce. Rice was very good--moist and well seasoned. Accompanying salad on the plate had a yogurt and cucumber cup of dressing on the side, pretty bland. 

The babba ghanouj appetizer at $7 was excellent and plentiful, and the freshly baked pita bread is outstanding while warm. The wait staff were pleasant and quick to respond, and the owner or manager came over to personally check on our satisfaction. 

We were the only customers there at 5 pm when they opened, and by 7 when the belly dancer show was to start, there were two other tables of 2 and 4, and two tables of 14 or so that seemed to be of students and perhaps university staff. They seemed enthusiastic about what was to come, and they were eating heartily and having a great time. 

So it was perhaps us, and our expectations of Lebanese food that we've enjoyed elsewhere through the past 50 years, including the Middle Eastern food at Haji Baba's nearby, a small restaurant tucked inside a grocery market. That remains our Middle Eastern favorite in the Phoenix area. Pita Jungle is pretty good, as we remember. 

We'll still be on the lookout for new Middle Eastern restaurants, hopefully with the sauces and tastes we've enjoyed through the years. Good service, other than the waitress bringing my partner's Greek salad entre a good ten minutes before my lamb shank came out. 

I'm sure Mijana's is a swinging place once the dancing starts! Total bill, with only the one Margarita and one appetizer and no other drinks or desserts, including tax and tip, was $56. So we paid $41 plus $8 in gasoline. Remember, the pita, rice, and babba ghanouj are outstanding. Three stars overall.
Lunch menu on Friday.
Ordered: 
Hummus/Tabouleh/Babganoush Appetizer - $9, everyone's favorite dish.  Really great value, tons of food.  Comes with unlimited hot, fresh pitas.  The hummus and tabouleh were very tasty. 
Gyro w/ Fries - $7, Good, not amazing.
Beet and Lentil Salad - $11, very good.  Lots of lentils, tasty dressing. 
Moussaka - $10, good, very filling.
Stuffed Zuchinni - $10, very good.  Perfect flavoring, simple, hints of lemon.

Groupon $20 for $10 made this priced right, otherwise it would've been a bit much.  

Women's restroom is very clean and pretty with candles and decorations.

There was SO much food.  I had to dig deep to try to make it look respectable, mostly from the appetizer, it just never ended.

We were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time.  It made for excellent service.  Server was very nice and professional despite the emptiness.
If you crave Mediterranean food and happen to be in the area I recommend it. However I didn't like the venue. As for the food, the hummus had this strange peanut taste but the falafel was okay. Babaganoush was pretty good too.
I'd never tried Lebanese food, so I was excited about this place.  I had a kebab sampler and it all seemed very Greek -- the pita, the hummus, the Taziki, etc. I felt it was a bit overpriced as well; and the belly dancing was a bit loud and annoying.
We went here with friends last Saturday, 7/27 for the second time.  They know and are friends with the owner.  He helped us order and we got quite the spread - Beirut Special, Vegetarian Platter, Kofta kebabs, lamb shank, and makanek.  I've never liked babaghanouj before I had it at Mijana.  It was so, so, so good!  Tabbouleh was also great and pita bread with zatar was also good. 

The food was fantastic, but the service left much to be desired.  The lamb shank and kebabs came out lightening fast - making me concerned about the kitchen and how prepared it was before we ordered it.  Then it was a good 15 minutes before the rest of the food came out.  We had to ask twice for the pita bread, and my water was empty more often than full.  The waitress had a "greater than tho" attitude and was not very friendly.  

They often have live entertainment and/or dances,  Last Saturday was no exception, but the gal that danced when we first got there wasn't great.  

If I could, I'd give 2 stars for service and 4 for food.  Hurray for authentic Lebanese food and an ethnic experience in what can be a rather dull and homogenic restaurant scene.
2.5 stars. Homemade Pita bread is delicious and left me with high expectations for the rest of the food which left something to be desired. I have been twice, once with a large group and once it was just me and my woman. 

The service: When I came with the large group the food service was poor as plates came out at various times with about an hour gap amongst people who ordered at the same time. When it was just two of us, everything as ok.

The food:  Have had two vegetarian plates the moussaka and the couscous and both were overpriced for the quality of the food. Vegetables were definitely out of a can and was something I could have made at home for about $1.50, which is unacceptable for a 12 dollar veggie meal. It is not that expensive to grill up some fresh vegetables and increases the quality of the meal substantially. Also had the lentil soup, which was tasty and not bad for $5, but it might have been from a can as well, just harder to tell with a soup.. You are likely not going to get what you pay for in food quality but the atmosphere is nice. If you are looking for some good flavorful ethnic food try GOJO Ethiopian on Thomas, you will not be disappointed.
I moved to Arizona 2 years ago and finally I found Mijana best Lebanese food ever in Arizona I go over there 3 times a week,I love it.
My husband & I are recent transplants to the Tempe area, & we have a fondness for Mediterranean-style food. Our 1st visit to Mijana sure didn't disappoint! We visited on a Saturday night for dinner at 6:00. Food was excellent, & our waitress was very attentative. Mijana has an extensive menu of enticing dishes. We shared chicken schawarma with hummus, which was served with freshly-made pita bread, as our appetizer. Yummy!! My fattoush salad (with grilled shrimp added) was also delicious (loved the olive oil/lemon juice dressing), & my husband was very pleased with his lamb kebab entre. More food than we could finish! As we were finishing dinner, we enjoyed fun cultural entertainment by belly dancers. Great evening, & we definitely plan to return! We highly recommend Mijana!!
Great food

Large portions

Fresh. 

Pita bread is so outrageously good 

Kind caring people.
We had never been to this restaurant before, but it was highly recommended by some of our Arab friends. Several people at our group bough a Groupon for this first experience. Service was mediocre, i expected much more for the price, the waitress took a very long time to come take our order (there were only three other tables in the entire restaurant.) I looked at an empty glass of water numerous time, and when we asked about dessert the waitress told us that we could get up and go look at the display! Food was delicious though, I'll give the kitchen staff that much.  When it came time too pay, the waitress took the first bill along with the groupon, charged it and then proceeds to tell the rest of our party that she can only accept one Groupon per table. So, not only did I pay for the Groupon, I also paid for the full price of the meal! 
The food might've been delicious, but it is not worth the terrible service. Will never go back to this establishment an will not recommend it to anyone else.
My first dinner experience with Mijana was not the best and I probably won't be going back to try any other dishes. 

When I walked in, the place had an odd mild chemical smell that I couldn't recognize. Not bad enough to make me leave, but it definitely didn't smell appetizing. My server brought me ice water and complimentary pita bread with zaatar.

I ordered the lamb kabob which came with rice, a small side salad, several pickle spears, and some yogurt. My disappointment began with the salad, which consisted of tomatoes, cucumbers, and romaine lettuce.The tomatoes in the salad had a slightly mushy texture, like they'd been refrigerated for too long. There is no excuse for mushy tomatoes ever, but especially during the summer months. I tried the rice which was saffron colored and decorated with a few strands of chopped noodles. The rice was unremarkable and tasted like it had been parboiled. The lamb had flavor, but was extremely tough. Even after cutting the lamb into tiny pieces, it was embarrassingly difficult to chew. 

My bill came to $17 and change. I gave my waitress $20, and she never brought me my change. To be fair, she might have brought my change at some point, but it was clearly not her priority as she ran around doing other things. 

No complaints about the belly dancer.
Pita bread was very good. 
Disappointed with the fattoush. I ordered it as a carry out. When I was ready to eat it, I opened the carton and it had dressing on it and all the pita chips soaked up dressing. Also, the tomatoes in it tasted old. I threw them out. 
Mixed shawarma was not like I'm used to. I had a couple bites and put it down. Not good in my opinion. The saffron rice was fair. 
Hummus had too much tahini and wasn't lemony at all. It tasted pasty. 

Even though I was hungry, I threw most of it out. 

I am middle eastern and hear my friends say how good it is there. I didn't think so.
So I'm driving down Scottsdale Rd with my girlfriend and she says she's hungry. The driveway to Mijana was 10 feet in front of me so I whipped in. 

This place was great. I loved the decor. The music was festive. I loved the wide open dining area. 

We decided to spit the combo for 2. Luckily my girlfriend is gluten free so I got to eat all the pita bread. It was delicious. It was so warm and crispy and airy and....I'm drooling just thinking about it. The food was spectacular. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants an affordable good meal.
I purchased a Groupon for this place on a whim the night before. Twenty dollars of Lebanese food for ten dollars? Yes please!

I wasn't sure what to expect. We went for lunch, which must be their slow time. The ambience is definitely more for a nighttime group outing. There's a sound stage and posters for belly dancing and tango. Also, the hookah lounge next door seems to be at least brothers with this restaurant. I was deforest underdressed had I gone for dinner. 

Maybe because the empty restaurant, the staff (possibly the family that owns Mijana?) was very attentive. The handmade fluffy pita kept coming, which was good, because it took two of us three rounds of bread to finish off the hummus, babaghanouj, and tabbouleh plate. I ordered the lentil soup, which just tasted like autumn (that's a GREAT thing). My boyfriend had no complaints about the beef shawarma plate. I wish I had had room for some baklava for dessert!

4/5 stars: I'd like to see if this amazing food and service is kept up at night.
We dropped by here for lunch because of the groupon deal they were offering. Nothing special, really. The pita bread is great, but my shawarma platter  was 'meh'. 

The waitress took forever and then screwed up out bill, had to call her manager, etc, so basically that groupon deal cost us 20 minutes. 

Otherwise, its decent and reasonably priced.
I purchased the yelp deal $10 for $20. My girl friend and I decided we get some dinner then head out to old town for some fun. We arrived around 9 hoping to leave by 10p.m. 10:30 the latest. We didn't end up leaving until 12:30a.m. We had such a great time. I absolutely love this place! Upon arrival we were seated very quickly, menus distributed, and we were explained the entertainment for the evening. Our server Maria was the best! I was so appreciative of the time she spent with us. Explaining their different nights, country, salsa/tango, belly dancing and review the menu. She was very attentive. I love the hookah bar next door. Hookah, music, food, and belly dancing! The service was amazing. The food was delicious, and the entertainment a blast! I will definitely be returning!
First trip, and can't wait to come back! Tried this place on a Groupon and sold! Everything I have ordered I have enjoyed.  The atmosphere makes it great for a date or even a group.  I recommend you try it.
Came back here for Eid with my family, and being such a normal customer I was expecting the food to be as stellar as usual. Unfortunately it wasn't that, at all. The kibbeh was cold inside(as if it was frozen then nuked in the microwave). The beef shawarma was burnt, the fatooush didnt have any salt in it. The chicken shawarma was stale, and the garlic dip had no hint of garlic in it. Truly depressing, and I looked like a fool talking so highly about this place. To let them serve us all of this "food" was unfortunate,  it makes lebanese cuisine look bad.
I enjoyed the food and it was very filling especially for the price I got from Groupon $10 for $20. The waiter was not very good though as the place only had a few people in it and I ended up having to ask for the dip for the pita bread, did not refill my glass of water for some time and soda also. Otherwise I enjoyed the chicken and beef shawarma very much and would go back regardless of the inexperienced waiter, perhaps it was his first day.
I have eaten at Mijana a number of times and they all have been great experiences! I have grown up with my mom's home cooked Lebanese dishes my whole life and this food was still great! The appetizer sampler was excellent, as was the chicken shawarma plate my father ordered. An added bonus was the Al Maza beer (Lebanese beer) my father and I ordered! Great atmosphere for dinner, with music and a belly dancer.
Great Chicken Soup!
If this review was based solely on the food, I would have given it 4 stars, but the entire experience, unfortunately ruined my view of the place.  Waiter was new - thats fine, I understand that he brought the wrong wine and wasn't sure what my sauces were when I inquired.  My problem is that bringing in a $25 off coupon from restaurant.com cost us an extra 15 minutes waiting for someone to figure out how to apply it, then doing it for the wrong amount, and then fixing it and applying it again.  Four days later and I've still got two charges for the cost of dinner pending on my account.  I called and spoke to a manager who informed me "this is how the payments have to be done with coupons".  So I assume if I had brought cash and owed $35 I would have had to leave $70 and could go pick up half of it after 5 days?  Whatever.  Honestly without the coupon I think $16 - $20 is way too much for a plate of chicken and rice, no matter how tasty.  Shame.
We moved here from California, and we have been searching for a great Mediterranean restaurant and found just the perfect one. The food here is AMAZINGLY Great. The service was phenomenal and the ambiance was nice as well, but the Food out did our whole experience . The Owner actually came up to our table and that right there was a A++++ in our book, feels like we are in the East Coast again. Thanks for such a great experience MIJANA, we have made your restaurant in our top 3 favorite places to go
The service was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. Food was very authentic Lebanese, we lived in Arabia and traveled the area so are quite familiar with the food. Sish tawak and kafta kabobs were excellent. They make their own pita to order so is fresh and hot out of the oven. We will make the trip to the East valley again for dinner.
"Is there anything else we can help you with?" We were asked this question repeatedly Friday night. Arriving for a 7:30pm reservation we had our pick of tables as there weren't many diners. Given the choice we eagerly sat in an available booth. We both sat on the cushioned seating against the wall. Given our experience I'd recommend sticking with standard chairs, for reasons you may, or may not agree with. 

"Are you ready to order?"
Belly dancing is from 7-9pm (ended earlier). A wonderful show is put on near the stage. Tables in the center part of the restaurant (and the booths) have prime viewing. As this was my first visit I fastidiously reviewed the drink menu. To my delight there was a curious mix of drinks available. Margaritas. Long Island Ice Teas. Martinis. Jgermeister - Yeah. That was on there. As a drink. Neat. Nothing quite traditional sounding so I went with wine. In the meantime a glass of water was brought out.

"Can we help you?"
"Are you ready to order?"

Erm- We'd just opened the drink menus. 
Not quite. I explained this was my first visit. Hoping to hear something, anything. a handout to what a mezza might be, instead I heard. "I would recommend ordering the Mixed Grill for Two...It has mwah mwah mwah mwah" said incredibly fast. I blinked. She said the name of another dish quickly. I blinked. And then -

"Do you need a few more minutes?"
Yes. I suppose so. 

36 seconds later -
We opted to try the Vegetarian Platter (huge) as an appetizer.  Hummus, Babaghanouj, Tabbouleh, (3) Falafel and (3) Vegetarian Dolmades. That's plenty of food to share with four people. Ambitious for two.

We were granted time to deliberate our entree order a few more minutes. Instead of the Mixed Grill shared plate (which sounded interesting: skewers of Chicken Kebab, Kefta Kebob and Lamb Kebob) Lamb tempted us. Specifically Lamb Shank and Lamb Kebabs. 

The menu is separated into cold and hot mezzas. We made out like bandits quickly picking what we did. The food is stellar here.

At this point we began an interesting game I'll call "Moving of the Plates and Glasses". We were curious what our entrees might taste like once they were dropped at the table. So we got up and moved them from the far side of the table. You know, within fork reach. Then we slid the appetizer platter out. And the bread plate. And our empty water glasses. And my wine carafe. And the empty beer bottle. (Later I had an even larger collection of glassware.)

Where did everyone go? That's ok. I was distracted by the Fred Flinstone sized portion of my true to description, falling off the bone, lamb. Honest to god, I almost died. 

But then - oh - my date reached suddenly behind my head with his napkin. His expression frozen with intent. I paused in only what second date behavior in public warranted. 

"Oh? Everything ok?"
"Uh. There was ... a .. bug."

(IT WAS RIGHT BY MY HAIR. In the dark.)
Later I asked my date to describe the bug. It's Arizona. These things happen. He said it could have waved at me. I have little hands. It was bigger than the tip of my thumb. (Also, it apparently got away.)

I recommend stand alone seating.

FOOD
The Lamb Shank shocked me in sheer size. When I poked it with my fork gingerly the meat sighed. The grilled vegetables were delightfully seasoned, grilled and layered on top of a wonderful bed of rice. I wish I had grabbed an appropriate photo of the Lamb Shank. This is a dude's platter. Not for a girl on a date! 

THINGS TO KNOW
+ Service is hit or miss. I finally flagged down a very nice man (possibly a manager) for my 2nd glass of water. 
+ Salsa lessons Fri/Sat night. Lights go off. Disco balls goes on.
+ Baklava is bone dry and hard. It was difficult to break into bite sized pieces. We returned it. 
+ Turkish coffee is divine!
+ Time your dinner well before dance class. Service ...changed as dance class preparations began.

DANCE HERE
+ It's a happening spot. When I left there was a line outside the door and beefy bouncers. Inside spectator watching (almost) made the service level worth it.  
+ $5 Drink specials!
+ Friday Night Salsa is produced by AZSalsa.net "Tumbao | Latin Fridays".
+ Come dressed to impress!
Best pita bread and zatar. Excellent food. Our first waitress was not very attentive and not friendly. The  second one that took over was much better. Good entertainment too.
"Oh, our happy hour starts later because Wednesdays are hip hop night."  Well, OK then.  It was a weird experience at Mijana, but I thought the food was first rate.

I started with Lebanese beer named Alamaza.  It was a refreshing pilsner like a Heineken or a Carlsberg.

Fresh baked pita are served to the table with zatar, a dried herb and oil dipping sauce.  The pita had that homemade softness and yeasty flavor.  It wasn't chewy or sweet like store bought.  The zatar had a subtle flavor but a lot of aroma, smells that reminded me of my trips to the Middle East.

Hold off on pita refills because more come with dinner.  We ordered the shawarma combo for two, except it may as well have been a shawarma combo for 8.  It came on a big platter with hummus, rice, and a lightly dressed salad.  We had leftovers for days.  (I wish there was more hummus... we actually finished that.)  The chicken was better than the beef, which was a little tough.  Both were flavorful.  The rice had a light seasoning, but didn't overwhelm the meat.

Service was slow, but not inordinately slow.  Without any complaining, they comp'd us a free slice of chocolate cake.

The place has a large bar on one end, a stage on the other, and about as many tables and chairs as you can fit in between, all in neatly arranged rows.  It seems like they use it for receptions because they do.  They also have a night dedicated to salsa dancing, one for salsa dancing, and I'm forgetting one or two others.  They also have belly dancers on some nights... there's a lot going on at Mijana.
We decided to try this place out since they offered the yelp check-in deal. The pita bread & dip they brought out before our meal was a tasty start. The waitress was pleasant & came out with drinks. I ordered the chicken shwarma platter as it was recommended to us. The chicken was really tasty & well-cooked and the rice wasn't too bad. Personally, I could've done without the salad. The waitress again came by and brought out a platter with dessert options. We ordered one which took way too long to come out and wasn't anything to rave about. Overall, it was an ok meal.
Purchased a Groupon for this visit and we definitely got our monies worth. 
Service was excellent! The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Food was delicious and came out in a timely manner. 
Hummas was smooth and the pita bread was hot and puffy! Beef schwarma was incredible!! 
We bought Baklava and another dessert to go. The other dessert has 4 cheese layers and a sweet syrup on top. Very good but burnt on the top. 
Only 4 stars because there was no belly dancing as stated on their website. Manager and waitress could not explain why either. 
We will be coming back and hopefully get to experience the belly dancing.
My hubby and I went here tonight for dinner and it was wonderful! Good food, great service,  and fun belly dancer show. We will def be going back!!!
Was delicious.  I got delivery so I cant speak for the service or the atmosphere but the food was phenomenal. This was my first time trying Lebanese food and I enjoyed it. The pita bread and hummus are some of the best I've had.
This place had mediocre food and even worse service. The pita sandwich was pretty much just lettuce and tomato, and the side fries were soggy and unappetizing. The meat that came with the kabob and shawarma was dry and chewy. Fortunately, the fresh pita and hummus was delicious.

The service was extremely slow. We waited more than 20 minutes at a time just to order or ask for a check. The server kept forgetting our order and had to retake it multiple times.
ok, ok...so for the first 30 minutes we had fun with the name of this restaurant...but then we simmered down and got down to some serious eating business.
We went with another couple on a Saturday night at 6pm. Ambiance - The place was packed with a huge party, but that just made the atmosphere fun! There was background music and a couple belly dancers.....We were seated in a private booth and could engage in conversation with no problems.
I grew up in Australia with Lebanese family friends and was privy to delight in authentic Lebanese food at family events,  so I am familiar with the real deal. Having lived in Arizona for 15 years, I crave traditional ethnic food. This place did not disappoint; In fact at times I was rendered speechless.
I ordered the vegetarian platter - baba ganoush (amazing and not bitter at all), hummus (thick and creamy), tabouleh (light and not too garlicky) and the most delicious light and soft dolmas I have ever had. I also ordered a side of kibbe which were tasty little morsels, but needed a little more zing. The accompanying yoghurt dressing was delicious.
My friends had a the lentle soup and chicken shishkabob and said both were amazing.
We are currently planning a return visit with the kids.....

oh and the dipping bread is warm and light...fresh out of the oven

Enjoy!
Went today to a cooking class that we bought from Groupon. The food was great and to be honest, I look forward to trying what we learned at home. Our waitress was good. My problem was the lack of hospitality from the owner and the chef teaching the class. It was really a turn off. For that reason, I would not recommend this class.
They serve really large portions. The service is amazing, the waitress was very attentive. We had the mix grill for four, hummus, and kibbe and there was so much food we had to take some home. I highly recommend this amazing restaurant. On the weekends they have salsa dancing.
Went here with a Groupon. I thought the service was fine. Attentive and friendly staff.

We had the mixed Shawarma dish for two. Lots of food. It was delicious with a very tasty side of hummus The pita bread was good stuff too.

There was a dancer as well. She was entertaining. 

I would recommend.
Pretty good Mediterranean fare. I had beef shawarma atop hummus, and my tablemates all had other varieties of shawarma with the rice deal. It was fine, not too burnt like is often found at places that serve the stuff. The house-made pita was nice, and we had their take on samosas (beef filled mini-pies) which were called something else but same thing; pretty tasty.

The atmosphere was nice and fitting, given the theme. Middle Eastern-style music, upholstery, et cetera. The only off-putting things that stop me from giving this place 4 stars are 1) the bathroom, which was composed of all very-old elements (toilet, sink) and was pretty gross. It's an old building, I understand, but y'know. Other thing was we were seated at a table which was directly next to an exit door. Pretty sure that's a fire hazard. My final gripe for this otherwise-okay place: They brought out my food by itself and thus my tablemates had to wait. This should be a cardinal sin in restaurants; if you had seen any of my other reviews, you'd know how annoying I find it as it's pretty unnecessary. I'll save you the rant, but just say if you start a restaurant please refrain from allowing that mess.

Other than that, all was fine. I guess I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to avoid the Scottsdale (read: hoity toity) crowd, as they're all up in this place, but they were at least drowned out by the music.
We've picked up Mijana take out a few times and dined in the restaurant for the first time today. The food is very good.  The portions are generous and the food is fresh. We've tried the beef and chicken schwaramas, the gyro, the french fries, and the chicken kabob. It's all very mild, but flavorful.  

The prices are a tad on the high side ($3 for a kid's lemonade), but if you get a groupon or a yelp deal, it helps.

The biggest draw for us is that at lunch, it's virtually empty, making it a great place for business meeting lunches because you can eat well and talk in a quiet environment. The food is made to order so it's not super fast, but if you have the time for a dine-in restaurant, give this one a try.
Went here Saturday evening. Food was terrific! I had the Kibbe and took me back to my childhood friend from Iraq. Her Mother made Kibbe. Order the platter oh spinach leaves, tabouleh, babaganosh and hummus. Yum! 
Service was excellent.
Decor was simple but fine. 
Belly dancing was good entertainment.
Fun night!
Pita Shack just took over Greek Chef in the Whole Foods shopping center at Rural and Baseline. The menu is a bit different, but still has your standard gyros, shawarma, and kabobs. At first I was a little sad because I did like Greek Chef. The owner seemed like a nice guy and the service and food were always good. Not to mention the fries were awesome.

We went there Saturday expecting to go to Greek Chef. They had only been open for 3 days, so there was still some confusion when my wife asked for no onions, but everything came out just as we'd ordered. To my delight, the food was actually better than Greek Chef's. The gyro meat had a little more spice to it and everything just seemed a tad fresher. 

Hopefully they can get organized over there and keep up the good work. I know we'll be coming back. Go check it out and support a nice local place. It'll be worth it.
Went here for dinner as i saw this place had changed from being the Greek Chef to Pita Shack and wanted to see what was here. The name is quiet deceiving if you were to go on name only and are expecting something like Pita Express with just a variety of pita sandwiches; this is more of a greek/Mediterranean/mid-eastern place along the style of the nearby My Big Fat Greek Express. They basically took the menu of the old place and expanded to include a few more items and have changed a few things.

As for the food i ordered just a gyro sandwich which was priced pretty cheap at just under $5. After I ordered and sat down then one of the owners(at least I think owner) came over and asked if i would like to try the lentil soup on the house. I said sure and he promptly brought me a bowl. Must say it was pretty good soup, i usually add pepper to my lentil soup but for some reason the flavor of this kept my urge to do so at bay. It was spiced just right, hot and thick not too watery. 

The gyro it self was only ok mostly due to the meat being only luke warm. The flavor of the meat was good but the tzatziki sauce was the real winner here with a good blend of flavors and not overly garlic like with most places. The pita itself was also good nice and warm. Tomatoes were also nice and ripe. This also had a huge pile of meat.

While i say 3 star with the meat being a bit warmer this local owned business will surely be a 4 star and I will be back soon
Sometimes you just want to give an A for effort...

Or maybe more than three lame stars.  As the two other previous reviewers have pointed out succinctly, the man who I assume to be the owner was extremely nice.  I made the 1.5 hour drive from Tucson to watch Avatar at Arizona Mills, and my friends and I decided to grab a bite before heading back.  We randomly drove down Baseline and pretty much stumbled upon this place.  Traffic going westbound towards the 10 was insane.  I mean it was bumper to bumper past Rural.  Anyway, I ask the guy who I assume is the owner why the traffic was so bad.  At first he didn't know, but then realized that the 60 was closed.  He politely recommended that we head south then cut across to get back to the 10.  

I ordered the Jerusalem Falafel sandwich. It was pretty good.  Though, in all honesty, falafel is not one those kind of dishes that one can gush over.  In my opinion, it's pretty hard to mess up deep frying ground chickpeas.  I ought to point out that the ingredients were very fresh.  This also applied to the side salad that comes with the combo meal.  My two friends opted for the gyros, and it looked good.  The meat was thinly sliced, which is somewhat different than others I've had.  They seemed to enjoy the meal, but I don't think they were quite overwhelmed by it either.  In fact, we didn't mention anything about the food during the hour and a half trip back home.  

The food is by no means bad at Pita Shack.  It's adequate to serviceable in terms of Mediterranean food.  The positives regarding the food have to be its freshness and price.  In fact, I spent no more than $8 for a sandwich, salad, and drink.  The service, as noted previously, is undoubtedly the most shining spot of the place.   As we were finishing up our meal, the guy who I assume is the owner offered us lentil soup on the house.  We declined after being quite filled and satisfied from our respective sandwiches.  I believe another reviewer had the same thing happen to him, and he had positive comments about it.  Now, for me it's was the food that really matters.  Accordingly, I gave three stars, as opposed to the four that I was close to giving.  Should I ever return to the Tempe area hankering for food in a pita, I would most definitely give Pita Shack another shot; if only to support a genuinely nice guy's business.
Honestly, I'm not typically a fan of Mediterranean food. I don't like gyros, I don't like feta, and salad gets old quickly.

But a good friend of mine suggested I check this place out and try the chicken shawerma sandwich. It looked ok, and so I tried it. Instantly hooked. Without a doubt, impressed. The food was fresh and very interesting. The unique blend of spices was quite entertaining and highly pleasant. Very filling, and yet not loaded with junk. If you're going to eat out, and eat healthy, this is the place to go.

I recommend this to anyone - even if you're not a fan of the cuisine style - you will find something to like here.
02/17/10

Definitely not a place to go on a date; The Pita Shack is strictly utilitarian-- you're here for the food.  I've only visited once thus far, and chose one hit and one miss.  The hit was the gyro sandwich.  Loved the moist and thicker Greek-style pita that came w/ the gyro meat; The two paired well.  Too bad that the beef w/ hummus didn't fare as well... The hummus was lacking in the flavor department, and the dry beef chunks really didn't help.  I found myself favoring the Greek-style pita to lend some of its tender texture to the dry meat and rend the whole dish more palatable-- the crisper thin pita wasn't doing this dish any favors.  Do check out their homemade tahini sauce.  I would've preferred it to be slightly more viscous, but the flavor was on point!

The baklava looked tantalizing, and after being told theirs did not contain pistachio, I bought a few pieces.  Alas, upon closer inspection, these pieces DID contain pistachio chunks, not just crushed and sprinkled on top, so the cashier/manager took the pieces back.  Me so sad :(
I enjoy gyros quite a bit and after not having one for awhile I thought that would make a good choice for dinner tonight. 

The gyro has a healthy portion of meat with some tomatoes (onions were held) on fresh pita served with a side of tzatziki. I wish I had more tzatziki given the amount of meat I had.  The gyro was $4.95. I've probably had gyros in the past cost at least a dollar or two more with half the meat.

Planning to go back and trying some kabobs or I may just settle for another gyro.

The menu has many options with the mediterranean flair and has items strictly for vegetarians.

Very casual atmosphere inside. .

The soda fountain serves Pepsi products.
Finally, after months and months of seeing a lil Greek place here every time we go to Whole Foods, my wife and I made it here for lunch today.  We would normally go to Big Fat Greek Express, but we decided to be a bit crazy because hey, this place could be an amazing hidden gem.

The inside is pretty unremarkable.  A few tables and 2 kids working behind the counter.  Not really any decor to speak of aside from a few posters on the wall.

I ordered a gyro and it was very good.  I have to say I like BFG's gyro better.  I don't like how thinly the Pita Shack slices their meat.  It did have good flavor though and they do give you a decent amount.  The salad that came with my meal was good as well.  Again, BFG's is a bit better.

We ordered a side of hummus and pitas to share.  The hummus was eh and probably came from Whole Foods or Costco.  The pitas were no bueno.  They were tough and chewy.  My gyro came on a different pita for some reason.  It was excellent.  I just don't understand why they don't serve their hummus with the pitas that they serve with their gyros.  Weird.

I hate to say it but BFG just beats this place on all fronts.  You get your food quicker, the prices are better and the food is tastier.  Anyway, it wasn't bad and I would like to try more of their food to possibly earn them another one of my stars.
I had lunch at Pita Shack for the first time today. I had this taste in my mouth for the creamy sauce and some pita meat. Whoah! Did I get what I wanted and more. Their gyro is DEE-LICIOUS! I think it was gone in under five minutes. I got the combo and they are generous with the fries, as well (which are crispy, yum!). 

I'm very excited to go back again and have some more. Dinner?
This place is not in my hood but would definitely make the drive to this place over and over if it stays as good as today!

I felt immediately welcome by the cook and cashier when i walked in...I asked what they recommened and both said the chicken shawarma...I ordered the sandwich with the new garlic sauce for lunch today.....WOW.   The chicken was perfectly spiced and fresh along with the pita and other vegetables.  The prices are low too.

  This was my first time, and since it's an independant shop i'm hoping will stay consistent.
11/09/10

Was going to Whole Foods to buy a few staple items when I was hit w/ a craving for falafel.  Remembered there was a pita shop next door, so popped in after dropping some cash at Whole Paycheck.  (I actually am a fan of WF and am willing to part w/ some cash to get bread and organic uncured thick-cut bacon my system can actually stomach!)  Service was friendly, as always, and I even scored a whole piece sample of their delicious homemade walnut-filled baklava!  (It's topped w/ pistachios, so those w/ a mild pistachio allergy could just peel the top layers off, and you're good to go.  Believe you me, the remainder is well worth the $2 (or maybe less... IDK, I didn't pay!) you'll fork over for it.  :)

The falafel patties were huge!  However, just like the hummus they're made w/, they weren't very flavorful, but I liked the crunch of the patties, even if they were on the dry side.  The extra sides of hummus and tahini didn't really add any flavor, but they helped to mitigate the low moisture content of the falafel.  I wouldn't buy another falafel pita here (2 stars), but the friendly employees, clean environment, and the complimentary dessert deserved an extra star!
It is refreshing to be the recipient of some good customer service.  When you try a new place, you want to feel welcome.  (Note. If you prefer to feel unwelcome, see my review on Temptations Cafe.). I believe that if I would have walked in and said that I thought that they had a buffet on Tuesdays, the cashier/waiter would have immediately said, "Why didn't you say so earlier?" I had the chicken shawarma entree.  It was really good in a good way.  Juicy with good chicken shawarma sauce.  A tahini yogurt something maybe.  It was undercrowded, so I hope that it become more popular with locals.  Come on Whole Fooders, its right next store.
Have to give this place five stars.  Menu is great, value is great but the cook Jose is the best.  Great customer service, really knows how to treat a customer.  He gave me a sample of the Greek fries yesterday and they are out-of-this-world good!
Very clean and Wow the service, speed and food was amazing! It's been awhile since I've had such great chicken shwarma. The Baklava is very tasty and fresh. I will definitely be telling my friends about this!j
i've been to pita shack twice and the first one was solely based on yelp reviews. i will be returning as much as possible- the staff is amazing, they talk to you, make recommendations, and generally make you feel like a valued customer. the food is also amazing- the lentil soup is super yummy, the veggie oombo authentic, and the chicken shwarma and gyros are delicious! definitely a place to check out if you're in the mood for actual greek/mediterranean food!
The food is pretty good, but furthermore the customer service is outstanding!!!!
The food is pretty good and the portions are very generous, the four stars is for their awesome customer service.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick lunch. My husband and I have been a few times and we usually always get the same thing but its always delicious.

I love the falafel sandwich. Its always made fresh to order so its always hot and crispy. Comes with lettuce, onion, and tomato. It also comes with a side of tahini sauce you can drizzle on. I always like to cover it in hot sauce too. Makes it taste so good. I tend to use my own hot sauce though because the hot sauce here is a weird bright red almost pink color and really watery. Not much spice there either. So I just use my chalula at home. My husband usually gets the vegetable pita which he likes as well. 

The vegetarian options are really cheap as well. Even if we get the meal deals where you can add on fries, soup, or salad and a drink we always leave here paying less than $15. Less than $10 if we don't get the deal. So for vegetarians its a great deal. 

The customer service is also really great. The shop is run by some really friendly people who are always willing to cater to my weird requests. We also had one weird time here as well where the credit card machine wasn't working and for 10 minutes we all tried to run the card until I finally decided to just walk across the street and get some cash. It was weird, but funny. But it looks like they got the credit card machine situation worked out because the couple of times we have been in since then it has worked fine.
I frequent this place during the week for lunch and have never been disappointed! The food is delicious and the portions are outstanding for the price. 

Extremely friendly service and it doesn't take them long to learn what you like. Always willing to cater to the guests. 
My one & only "complaint" would be I wish the place was bigger, sometimes it's hard to find a seat at their busy times.

You really ought to check this place out. Besides, it's hard to wrong with Greek food!
Why did I wait so long to come here?  I live around the corner from this place and just visited for the first time a few weeks ago.  Since them I have been there at least 6 times.  The Chicken Shawarma is amazing.  I love that they also give you a choice of sides.  The lentil soup is great and the fresh cut fries are always really good.  

The service here is really friendly and they are always happy to see you. 

Go to the Pita Shack.  You will not regret it.
I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. I get wonderful service every time I'm in there. It's a small restaurant and as such, they always remember our names and our orders. Their gyros are delicious and the cucumber dressing is perfect. The pita bread is fresh, the side salads are wonderful and so is the rice pilaf. The value is great. I really can't say enough about how much I enjoy this restaurant and encourage you to go out and try it!
I am glad we found this place. We live close by so it is very convenient. The food is awesome. I always get the chicken shawarma, it is very flavorful and comes with a great garlic sauce. The people are also very nice. I would definitely recommend this place.
Decent place for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the veggie combo plate that has falafel, dolmades, hummus, tabouli and baba ghanoush and had lentil soup on the side. The man working the front counter was sooooo nice! I told him I was vegan and he let me know everything that was vegan friendly. I would come back just because of how nice and helpful he was. Without me even asking he mentioned that they cook all their veggie things separate from the meat and they only fry veggies in the fryer. They even have gluten-free tabouli as they use quinoa instead of bulgur wheat.

The tabouli was good and I was very happy with the dolmades! The falafel was decent and so was the hummus.  I like my lentil soup spicy so I added Shiracha at home, the rice was a nice addition. The baba ghanoush had a great smoky flavor but it had what can only be described as a "fizzy" taste. From working in the restaurant and grocery business, I know that it had started to ferment which means it was either not stored properly or was nearing the expiration date. I was quite disappointed as I am addicted to baba ghanoush, but this can happen very easily with hummus and baba ghanoush. I will not let this deter me from trying the Pita Shack again as I really want to like this place!
Amazing chicken shawerma!  I got the entree, which came with a deliciously soft pita, rice, and side salad.  I think it was saffron rice - nice flavor.  Shawerma has the most wonderful spice - I have no idea what that is.  I wish it came with more tzatziki sauce because I love that cucumber-yogurt concoction!  I think it came with tahini also, but it's not my fave.  My husband got the Combo Feast and really liked everything (couldn't pick a favorite).  
The only weird thing was they close at 9p and when we arrived at 8:30p, the lady at the counter immediately said we'd have to take it to go since they close soon.  Awkward.  It did take them about 20 minutes to complete our order, though.  Fresh food takes time, right?  Glad we took the food and ate it in the car anyway.
Great gyros close to my house.  The fries are always fresh and the hot garlic sauce is tasty.  The owner is very nice as are his employees!
What a wonderful little lunch time gem! The last time I had been to this place prior to Thursday was nearly a year ago and boy have they improved. Walked in the shop and I was greeted by a friendly cashier who then explained to me the lunch specials. I ended up getting the Chicken Shawerma with lentil soup and soda for a little under $8. The Chicken was well seasoned, juicy and warm and topped with crunchy lettuce and sauce. The pita was also warm and had the perfect amount of chewiness. Under normal circumstances I would've gotten fries with my lunch combo but I'm trying to be a little more healthier (not really, it's just a clich thing to say). The lentil soup predominantly smooth with some smatterings of rice;  it had a welcomed curry finishing note which was appreciated. The place itself was clean and quite, I will definitely need to start getting this place into my lunch rotation.
Went to lunch with my brother, who was in town and my friend who happens to be a coworker too, and I knew at 8am this morning I was wanting a chicken shawerma sammie so waiting for it to become noon was killing me!!

I ordered the chicken shawerma pita sandwich, chicken was sliced just nice and grilled perfectly, it was severed with tahini and came with lettuce, tomato and onions, and I did order the combo and got some good steak fries ( those my friends are my fav cut of fries!!!) and a drink.

For kicks I also ordered me some baklava!! OMG DELISH!!! LOVE THAT STUFF!!!

The shawerma sandwich was just what I was craving, the pita bread so soft yet strong enough to hold the food, the flavor of everything was delish, was sad when it was all gone :( 

Pita shack is a great place and service is fast! I will be back!
Best Pita joint I have been to!! They don't use frozen pre-seasoned pita meat, their chicken shawerma is outstanding and the staff is always so friendly and willing to let you try something before you decided to order it. Even the owner works the counter just to make sure all of the customers are happy. I will continue to eat here for years to come!! They really hit a homerun at this store!!
I came here twice for lunch since I had a meeting over at Embassy Suites (VERY CLOSE)  just walk 10 minutes to the right of the hotel.

I had the chicken schwerma with sides of falafel.  The falafel sucked.  it was dry and seemed burnt even.  However, the schwerma was good.  The pita bread was a little less liked, but the chicken was nicely flavored.  

On the next day I had the shish kebab entree with rice and veggies and a soup.  Delicious.  That lentil soup was great and the shish kebab had great flavor.  Saffron rice is to die for.
Good food big portion, but dont pick the chicken shwarma plate thinking it will be anything like or as good as Haji Babbas..
How have I not reviewed Pita Shack? I can't begin to tell you how perfect their gyro is. You just have to go eat it for yourself.

The meat is not greasy at all, but not too dry. The gyro has huge, spicy, fresh white onions on it, along with some nice big tomato slices. Their pita is absolutely divine.

Their side greek salad is generous and the dressing is phenomenal.

The price is also right. It's not ridiculously cheap, but it's more than reasonable, and I absolutely love coming in to order my food.

I love Pita Shack and eat here almost weekly. I cannot recommend them enough! Do yourself a favor and come have their gyro!
Stopped by for a quick lunch on the recommendation of a friend and was quite pleased with the experience!  It's located in a small storefront of a fancy strip mall that has a Whole Foods in it too.  The inside is pretty bare bones, which I've found to be a good indicator of a good gyro.  Turns out, that's correct!  And I confirmed it with a gyro pita sammich.  

I got the regular one and a drink and sat down to feast.  The price was on the low end of average and the portion size was high side of average.  The gyro was a bit drier than I've had in the past, but it was way less greasy and oily than anything I've had before so it was a worthwhile trade off.  The taste and spices were spot-on and my only complaint was that they put the lettuce/tomato/onion on the pitta first and then the gyro on top, which made is a bit strange to eat.  Normally the veggies fall out when you eat it, but this time it was the meat.  The tzatziki sauce was also good, no complaints there.  

Last but not least was the service.  They were fast with the food and the guy behind the counter was super nice with some small talk while ordering.  Overall a great place and I will come back for moar the first chance I get!
AWESOME GYROS!!!! Finally, was wondering where to go for a good gyro in this town........

The hummus is good too...just ask for extra pita bread if you get the large hummus. 

This is a small, walk-up-to-the counter, restaurant. But, BIG flavors coming from the kitchen. The owner, a woman from Iraq, certainly knows what she's doing.
My co-worker and I went to Pita Shack for lunch today for the first time. I will have to say the food and services was over the top great. We walked up to the counter and was greated with a great big smile. We told the gentlemen that it was our first time there. He took the time to explain the menu and even gave us a lesson on how to pronounce dishes...I did a great job but my co-worker not so much.  The food is fresh not frozen and made to order.  I had the Chicken Shawerma sandwich and it was very very tasty. My co-worker had the greek salad and she ate every bite. I highly recommend this establishment. 

I will be returning for sure!
Great lunch prices and specials!!! My friends loved their chicken shawarmas.  For me the falafel was just ok, the pita itself was soft and delicious; decent enough to go back.
I love discovering a diamond in the rough when I least expect it. One of my best friends from Houston had come to visit me for my birthday, and she has a weakness for hummus so I decided to utilize my handy dandy Yelp app on my phone, and stumbled upon this little gem. When we both went in, we ordered baklava, and two chicken shawarma plates. As I write this, I feel myself salivating as I envision a steamy hot plate filled with pieces of tender chicken and hummus and pita bread.

I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite places to get chicken shawarma. The lunch rates are reasonable, and when I get my plate, I always opt for a side of fries. The food is filling, and throughout the duration of my friend's stay, we frequented Pita Shack a couple of times. The service is prompt, and the food does not disappoint.

In fact, I am considering going there later on to get my fix.
One of my favorite little places, the food and service here are top notch. Jose is a great guy and the rest of the stuff is super friendly / nice.  I've had all the wraps and they are all excellent. Especially recommend the Chicken Shawerma with a greek salad and a pistachio baklava.
Great place, food was fresh, reasonably priced and tasty!  Simple recipe for success. They gyro is amazing, the falafel and salads are good too. It appears to be a family owned "mom and pop" place and the kids were helping, which I thought was really cute. I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner since it is right around the corner from work, but so glad we did today. Will definitely be back.
Authentic and tasty food, very friendly owners and staff. Great find!
Absolutely delicious. Owners and workers are extremely friendly.

Steak shawerma, amazing.

Seriously the best Side Salad I have ever had.... Filled with toppings and great dressing...
This place was pretty good. 

I actually thought it was a Pita Jungle at first because I drove past it quickly and only saw the Pita part of the sign. Whoops! Either way, I enjoyed my first Med style food experience. I'd never had anything on the menu nor could I pronouce anything so the woman behind the counter was very helpful to in making suggestions. Love that everything was made right behind the counter. Wasn't expecting that much food for that price (almost $8 for drink, big box of fries and the wrap thingy) so I was pleased when she handed me the giant bag.

Need to ask for it without onions next time but I'd go back. Gave it 4/5 only because the inside of the place looked really run down.
Thoroughly enjoyed the food. Had the baba ghanouj, falaffal and gyro salad.

I liked everything except the falaffal, had weird after taste. Everything reasonably priced with nice portions. Best of all no pits olives.
Where do i even begin?, here is where we will start. It was a dark night, and we were craving some gyros. Who doesn't crave that? I read some great reviews of them and had to try it out.

Unfortunately this place really ruined my day. It was pretty busy when we walked in, but 90% of the people there had already been served and were eating, so we figured the wait wouldn't be bad at all. We (only 2 of us) ordered our food, no one was in front of us in line so our food went into the kitchen and we sat and waited...and waited. 10 minutes rolled by, no food. But we were starving. 10 minute wait isn't bad at all. A  man comes in and places a huge order, then a couple comes in after him and makes a small order... A total of 45 minutes later (i was watching the clock so this is not an exaggeration) the couple gets their food, and we are sitting there and waiting. 75  minutes rolls by, at this time i am pretty upset and starving (bad combination), the guy with the HUGE order gets his food. I walk up to the counter and ask. Is our food ready? They ordered after us and we are STILL waiting. I showed them my pay stub and time and told them what we ordered.

90 minutes rolls up (yes 1 hour and 30 minutes after we ordered) we FINALLY got our food! Am i kidding you or over exaggerating? I wish i was. 

Now it doesn't matter how good the food was at this point i was pissed. Needless to say, the food was mediocre and not worth the wait at all. What should you do if you are hungry and wanting some gyros to eat? You should go down the road a little to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, because at least there they don't botch your order...

Usually i would give places a second try. This place i will not. Mainly because...There was no apology or acknowledgment of how ridiculously long we had to wait for food.

If you're a business you have to have better PR
First time I went to the Pita Shack was last summer and they didn't have the air-conditioning on, very uncomfortable.

Last week I gave it another shot, figured it was cool enough outside to be safe. Good thing, because no AC again. I got half way through my gyro and bit down on a small bone, cartilage, or something else. It freekin hurt my tooth. I didn't complain or anything, I just won't be going back.

Too cheap for AC, they probably cut corners with the quality of there food too.
I'd heard a ton of good things about this place so I tried it out last night, 4/4/13, for an early dinner.  The food was pretty good and I was served quickly.  However, I got the special posted on the door and at the register, but not the special price.  The same thing happened to the couple in front of me in line.  Both of our tables went back up to the register to try and work out the problem and had to wait over 5 minutes for someone to come out of the kitchen to help us.  Then we were told that we hadn't actually ordered the special, which I still don't understand because I used the words from the advertisement.
For mediterranean fast food, well, this was fast...and it was mediterranian.  We had a simple item, just the shwarma on hummus.  It was served with a smile, by someone happy to explain the menu in full.  When we forgot to ask for feta, that was quickly remedied for us.
A small restaurant, counter service, mostly tables, perhaps a booth.

Excellent pitas!  I've had the hummus pita - excellent!

And another time I ordered the gyro -  probably the best I'd tasted - ever!

I highly recommend.
Best Gyro in town IMO.

What I feel a great gyro needs:  Lots of meat, don't be stingy... and this place is far from stingy.  Must have a good sauce.  I don't want it watered down and runny, this place has a nice thick and flavorful sauce.  and Finally, the quality of that meat better be good, I don't want it bought presliced and warmed up on a cooktop.   It better be spinning before I get it.  Pita Shack freshly shaves that meat off, piles it high on a pita with some awesome fresh onions and a little side of that awesome sauce.  

That's really all I order but have had some bites from the girl friends chicken kabob which are very nice too.  They are generous with fries if you are looking for a quick gyro lunch combo.  Lentil soup and the side salad are other good options too.

Food is always fresh and tasty, service is always good.  There are only 1 or 2 other places where I think the gyro is above average in this town, and this place tops that list.
this place has super tasty food! for a casual dining place where you order at the counter and seat yourself, I was really impressed. I ordered the chicken kabob entre with a salad as my side. the salad exceeded my expectations - it was very fresh, the lettuce was crisp, and it came with a lot of toppings: bell pepper, olives, tomato slices, cucumber, red onion, and chunks of feta cheese. the dressing was a nice basic vinaigrette.

I was expecting my chicken to come on a stick, but it was actually just big chunks of chicken on a bed of rice with a side of lettuce, tomato, and red onion.  I didn't mind because it was actually easier to eat that way. the chicken was flavorful and juicy and the rice was delicious and cooked just right. it reminded me of something you would order at pita jungle, but it cost about $3 less here.

this is not THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN FOOD I've ever had in my life, but for $9 it was a great value and really tasty food. I'd definitely come back again!
My favorite gyro in Arizona.  This place is DELICIOUS. Excellent flavors, generous portions. I've eaten the gyro and it is fantastic. I also enjoy the side salad, which is giant and includes tons of toppings (onion, feta, olive, tomato, pepperoncini) and a great dressing. I've also had their gyro salad-- delish! And I've tried the fianc's tabbouleh and chicken salad. Yum! And on top of that, the restaurant is always clean and the workers are really nice. :) I would definitely recommend Pita Shack to anyone.
If you've ever had good Mediterranean food avoid this place. The pita was microwaved, the gyro meat was frozen, the  tzatziki sauce tasted like it was out of a bottle and the hummus had a very weird super fine texture (almost like it was made from a mix). I felt somewhat sick after I finished eating.

There was literally no one else in the restaurant despite the fact that it was Friday night which should have been my first clue. I wish I had gone to the Chipotle across the street instead.

Also, the women who as working the counter (that I get the impression was the owner) sat on her ass texting at the counting the entire time we were there. She didn't  saying anything like "have a good night" when we left despite that fact that we were only people in the place. 

I would never give this place my money again.
It's Tempe AZ... not Irvine or Laguna Niguel, and frankly, I was ready for Mexican. I really wasn't expecting a decent short list of Middle Eastern cuisine cafes. But yet, I found that short list on Yelp. Lucky for me, the yelp reviews for Pita Shack were all good. And even luckier, after driving into Phoenix around 630p, I was tired, but tired with an appetite. I lucked out..... fresh food, fair prices, and because I didn't give in to the burger joints from Indio to Phoenix..... I had an appetite. And... PS is only a couple minutes from the Embassy Suites, Tempe.

This is a small shop, with a clean kitchen, and they cook everything to order! Don't expect fast service (although it isn't a long wait either)... because they're cooking from scratch, so to speak. While the falafel mix is ready to go, they form your falafels, and then put them into the fryer. Your kabobs are cooked to order. The only thing that was already prepared was the lentile soup, which was excellent!

For a total of $24 with tax, I ordered the Combo Kabob Dinner with steak and chicken, rice, salad and soup, the 6 pc falafel appetizer, an "abundantly filled" gyro sandwich. While I'm not going to say the overall quality was better than our local Panini Grill chain, for a family run restaurant, I feel they're a very solid 4 star. 

My wife's side is Lebanese Brasilian, and I'm around spectacular Middle Eastern food on a regular basis. I even have my own hummus recipe... so for me to feel comfortable and satisfied with Pita Shack can be taken as a strong endorsement. When I'm in the PHX area on business, and if I'm staying at the Tempe Embassy Sts., I'll probably choose PS before any other local place.
Pita Shack has one of the best Greek chicken salads I ever had.  Dressing is fresh with a lemon zest and the Chicken also has a great lemon flavor to it.  If you like big Fat Fries then this is the place for you.  E
veryone is super friendly and nice.  I Highly recommend if you are in the area
First of all, THE BAKLAVA! The walnut baklava was possibly the best I've ever tried. The gyro was absolutely amazing and hit the spot. Came here for lunch, and the customer service was super friendly!
Atmosphere was decent/ clean. Service was good, they are friendly and fast. The Greek salad was decent but not the best I've had. The chicken shawarma was not very good, maybe it's just me, would not order it again.
I enjoy when the process is done right, everything just tastes better. And pita shack does it right. By only using fresh ingredients and meats. I had the chicken shawerma with Greek fries. The chicken was tender because they actually marinate the chicken for at least 2 hours. And the fries were golden with a perfect crunch and softness on the inside. I felt at home because of the great hospitality. I recommend this place to anyone.
Great food, friendly staff...will definitely be back.  Ordered a gyro with greek fries, both of which were delicious.  Not ready for this baklava yet (they had walnut And pistachio...so i got both, lol), but I'm sure it'll be amazing!
You can always count on some good quick food at the pita shack. Recommend the entree option as opposed to the sandwich. Been here numerous time and have always ordered the chicken schwarma. Although this place is small and located next to whole foods, you'd be surprised how tasty some of their dishes are.
Pretty good Greek food with above average Garlic Sauce and Greek Fries. The rest was pretty much middle of the road in quality. That garlic sauce is out of this world and truly the best Greek Fries ever.

Would get another star if it wasn't $13.99 for such a small plate of food.
This place is a joke. Whatever you do--don't pay extra for feta cheese cuz you won't get it lol! 2nd time this has happened. 1st time, okay I understand but 2nd time - now your just making free $$ .

Asked for my gyro with feta cheese, tomatoes & lettuce. Lettuce went missing too! My asst. Ordered a chicken pita & there was 4 very small pieces dried up pieces of chicken.

I called to today to let them know they needed to pick up the pace & not rip people off with feta cheese, & lack of lettuce and lack of chicken of my assts lunch. But the owner answered and told me to speak with the person who made the lunches!! Are you kidding me ? What owner puts their cook on the phone ? A lazy one!! Yes, the cook messed up but to put the cook on the phone to handle the situation ?! The cook even said it was unprofessional of the owner to put him on the phone. 

So, you will not get feta, lettuce, decent chicken or a answer from management/owner.. But the cook is forced to talk with angry customers! Lol! What a joke!
Love this place! I go as many times as I can in a week. Highly recommend if your looking to try something different.
I always see this place when I go to Whole Foods and I finally decided to stop in. I'm glad I did because it is delicious! I had the spicy chicken pita and when they say its spicy they mean it! I couldn't help but notice how clean the place was! There was nothing out of place! I will definitely be back again soon.
My first time there and the staff was super friendly and helpful.... And the food!!!! I got the steak shawarma and holy crap it was amazing!!! So freaking tasty!! I highly recommend this place!! You won't be disappointed!
Fast and friendly service. I've always seen this place, just never ended up going in. I'm glad I did it's delicious!
Food is nice. If you're in the area and looking for fast Greek food, this is a reasonable choice. The cooking seems talented enough that I wish they'd make some special dishes, but there's nothing out of the ordinary here.
Was good portion of food for the money. The staff was very nice and food came out quick. Will be coming back soon.
Really good food. But for a $10 combo there's almost no chicken.  WTH? Last time I was here I got a nice portion.
delicious and fast. the sauce on greek fries is addicting. my falafels were cooked perfectly, not overdone like most places. lots of people taking to go orders which means its good to me
Today my co-worker and I shared what we had to eat from here, then realized we felt the same about the food AND the cashier. No smile, no "welcome" or "what can I get you?", nothing. She just waits there until you start speaking and continues to have no personality. At least fake it, geez.

The only reason I will keep going is I'm in love with their Veggie Pita and Greek salad. Food wise, yum!
I love this place! Abdeen's has amazing Egyptian food at affordable prices. The restaurant has no license which means that we can bring whatever we want, BYOB style. Tonight they set a few hookah pipes in the parking lot and before long a dozen people were socializing. It is my find of the year in the 85306. Check it out, and have a delightful meal.
Being a vegetarian, I am always on the lookout for a good place and Abdeen has some of the freshest, best falafels near my school. They are divine. Combine that with super friendly service and affordable, graduate school friendly rates, you know that you've got yourself a deal. 

The falafel with potatoes sandwich is my fav!!
We tried their Gyro sandwiches ..they were sooo good!  They are very different from "normal" Gyros because they have a chopped salad type topping with onion, tomato, parsely, lemon and olive oil.  You get your choice of four different sauces. I tried the original tzatziki sauce and my husband tried the spicy one.  They were both awesome!  You can even mix different ones together which I'll try next time.  Very friendly people there.  This place will definitely be a regular take out spot for us!
Fresh ingredients, friendly service, a family-run, breath of fresh air to our neighborhood in Glendale! The two of us ate (take out) plenty for just over $20 plus tip. All of the sauces and things I didn't know what they were, rather than describe them to me, they had me try! Just like I was in someone's grandmother's kitchen; a good feeling. The kitchen is right behind the counter so you see your food being prepared, cooked and served. All the better to ask questions while they do it.

On the down side they were out of falafel and a few other dishes when I came in around 7pm on a Saturday evening. The place was deserted, I even asked if they were open. 

All in all a charming place and nice find of a new restaurant and gracious hosts. We will definitely come again!
WHAT! CLOSED ALREADY!  And we only just getting to know each other!  If you locate somewhere else, please let us know!
Any student in Edinburgh will tell you that Palmyra is an institution in its own right, and they're not wrong. With two branches near the university and surrounding bars/pubs, this is THE place to go when your late-night munchies kick in.

Whatever you're in the mood for, Palmyra have something to satisfy your junk food needs, whether it be a full-blown kebab, a pizza, the walking home staplefood of cheesy chips, or my personal favourite the humus and falafel wrap.

If your heels are hurting your feet, they have plenty of tables to sit at while you munch your way through your food, and the staff are always on hand with jokes and general banter. Or if you're keen to get home, they're more than happy to wrap everything up for you to take away.

In fact, my only criticism of Palmyra would be the opening hours. Only open until 2am, it does pose the dilemma of leaving a club early but getting food, or staying out later and going home hungry. However, the fact that it opens at 10am every day means they're always there to sort out your morning-after-the-night-before junk food craving the next day.

(Also at 6 Clerk Street, EH8 9HX)
Palmyra is a great place for a late night feast - whether you are returning from a night club with a few bevvies in you or from a massive study session the library and just need to get some for of comfort food - there is always something for you to enjoy. 

The food is great, and there are always massive portions (try the Shawarma kebab in naan rool, yum!) with the staff being some of the friendliest and funniest I know in any late night place in Edinburgh. If you decide to stay in the restaurant and chat with them, there are plenty of tables to sit and enjoy your food.
Best and affordable Lebanese cuisine in the area of Newington. 
I personally love their chicken wraps and their Babaganoush wraps. The wraps come in two sizes but medium will satisfy your appetite plenty. Even though it's open till late, it's not your average chipie- considering they don't even do chips or deep-fry anything!

The fact that my Lebanese friends actually come to this place themselves show that the food is close to the original.Don't get startled by the chattiness of the guys who work there, they like teasing at times. There is also a student discount of 10% and free delivery to your door!
Coming to the rescue of horrible, greasy, and often rubbery kebabs is Palmyra. Complete with mouth watering food, student discount and chirpy staff Palmyra is simply an outstanding place to top off an evening on the booze or indeed if your just feeling peckish. Generous portion sizes and tasty sauces have always lead to me being a satisfied customer, even if I do wake up the next morning with rancid kebab breath I'll always come back for more.
Doesn't look very special from the outside.

Doesn't look very special from the inside.

However, they have the *best* chicken kebabs I've ever had the delight to enjoy, anywhere. Plus the service is tip-top fast and there's usually a free table if you want to sit in. Authentic quality food from the Middle East.
I have taken many, many late night ventures to Palmyra over the last two years and it's been a life saver every time for providing decent hot food at post-club prices.  They offer a student discount of 10% on everything on the menu and do a special offer of only 3 for a nine inch margherita pizza.  The guys who own it are Syrian and are genuine and welcoming whilst providing good service to match.  
They're kebabs are excellent and the menu has a wide range of chicken, donner and lamb, each with its own combination of salad and sauce.  I once had a falafel in here and, although drunk at the time, I swore it was one of the tastiest things I had ever eaten.
The decor inside is nice and it feels a lot more civilised around lunch time with knives and forks, waiter service and a calm, relaxed atmosphere.  They have two branches on Nicholson Street and both of which do an excellent trade throughout the day due to the speed of service, the quality of the food and the general comfort of the place.  Whether you're looking for a cheap, quick and tasty place for lunch/dinner or a good munch after a night out, Palmyra is the place to go.
It's quite simply a waste to stumble into Palmyra ripped out your tits at 2 in the morning. Food this good should be feasted upon stone cold sober, otherwise you won't appreciate it properly. Lebanese cuisine might not be too well known, and there's no point in denying that it's incredibly similar to Turkish kebab house fayre, but in the case of Palmyra, it's approximately 100 times better.

I got a mixed kebab, plated up so I could make my own mini kebabs with the flatbreads and yoghurt sauce supplied, and can't describe it any other way than mouth-watering. The chicken had a wonderful barbeque flavour, the donner was wafer thin and not greasy at all, the service was quick and friendly, and overall it was just a perfect experience in pretty much every way.

As good a kebb as I've eaten anywhere, and right in the middle of a little hub of middle-eastern cuisine round Nicholson Square, Palmyra is unmissable.
This kebab/pizza shop is a favourite of students, and is especially welcomed after a crazy night out! They've got two outlets on the same street which strangely changes names every couple of feet:- so that's one on Nicolson street, walk southwards a minute or two and you'll come to the other on Clerk street. The staff are really friendly and never seem to change so it's easy to become a regular here. I've even been lucky enough to hear the troubled life story of a Palestinian member of staff, even if hunger did affect my capacity for sympathy. I LOVE their falafels, although I may have to coax them into adding a little more from time to time. However, do be a little more adventurous than I've been and try something else; having been there several times, it's proving difficult to sway me to try another dish, as great as they may look! From donner kebabs to pizzas, my friends have had the works, and I've only got smiling faces to report.. as for me, I'm loyally sticking to my falafel wrap!
I really have to agree here with the other reviewers. I normally wouldn't like this sort of place but somehow Palmyra manages to offer decent kebabs and wraps which are for once not greasy, salty fast food crap! 

Palmyra stays open late and caters for those trailing or wailing back after pubs and clubs close. However this place is probably best early evening when its not quite so busy or full of drunks but still has some atmosphere. Sit in or take away, Palmyra will put you right.

My personal favourite here is the fallafel wrap. Even the small size is pretty filling for me (and that's saying something). It's fantastic value for money! And the staff are really nice too. Some quirky regular clientele also make this place surprisingly atmospheric.
Palmyra has quickly become the pit stop half way through our retreat from a night out back home. In this role, it is verging on being the highlight of the night, it's that good.

The doner kebab is amazing.  The meat isn't greasy and surprisingly flavourful.  Presented in a wrap rather then with a pitta bread, it removes any of the usual mess associated with a kebab and offers much more taste.  The fallafels are delicious here too. I don't know what's in that pink sauce they add, but it's the perfect accompaniment, uniting the salad and fallafel into a glorious package. 

The prices are very good. A small fallafel comes in at around the 3 with a 10% student discount available on top of that. The service is very quick, except for the pizzas which take their time but I guess that's just a sign that they are being freshly made. The staff are friendly and there's plenty seating available. 

For some quick, very tasty Mediterranean food, you will struggle very much to find better.
This place has been a saviour on many a night out as well as on a quick library lunch break. They have a great variety of middle eastern food and serve an excellent pizza if you dont want to break from the norm. It should be remembered that they dont serve chips which has disappointed a lot of people on various occassions.

This down side is more than made up for by the fantastic kebabs they serve. Say kebabs and an image of greasy grey meat pops into your head, here that image is dispelled. The chicken, falafel or lamb options are all delicious and freshs erved with a variety of sauces nd salad.

If you'd rather not eat on the go there are a few tables inside and they have a great waitress service. The sit in menu has more options including a delicious mezze platter and lamb koftas.

If you have any room once your done I highly recommend the baklava, sweet, sticky and delicious just how it should be.

The atmosphere in here is always welcoming. Its one of the few places I would be happy to sit and eat alone. The chefs are chatty and the waitresses friendly.
I love Palmyra, I really don't know what I would do without them on Friday and Saturday nights. As soon as I walk in, they automatically know what I'm after- a 9 inch margherita. The pizza always tastes great and does, I have no doubts, wonders in ensuring the inevitable hangover the next morning is not too brutal. The staff are fantastic and are always up for a laugh and a chat. 
The place is a student hot spot as it is on the walk home from most of the clubs in Edinburgh to Pollock Halls, but even if it is not on the route home I will make a detour to make sure it is.
During the day, they serve the food on plates, rather than the cardboard boxes they use at night and the pizzas also come with a chilli sauce and garlic sauce. They also sell a range of other food including falafels, kebabs and wraps.
Palmyra is probably the brest Kebab place in Edinburgh for the value. Open late (until about 2), it has been staple for many drunken Edinbuggers on their way back from a night out. The kebabs are great, I want to say with good quality ingredients, but to be honest I doubt any kebab has good quality ingredients. They are really tasty though, especially the chicken shawerma. The kebabs do come with everything (sauce and salad) so if you don't want anything in particular make sure you let them know otherwise you'll end up with the Full Monty.

The prices are good too, on average about 3.50 for a small and a fiver for a large. They do a 10% student discount, which is obviously in use on a Saturday night, when the queue is out the door with students coming back from Potterrow. The staff are really friendly too, and more than once my friends has got a smile discount for chatting to them.
The only downside is that it shuts before the clubs kick out, but that is is the Edinburgh council's stupid laws, not Palmyra's fault
A favourite for drunk students at the end of the night (early morning), but I would encourage anyone to please try it out in the light of day!  

Palmyra is about a minute's walk from my office in Nicolson Square, and fuelled many a dissertation-writing-session.  Although there aren't too many seats inside, if you've got the time, sit down and enjoy your meal there - table service included.  

Although their wraps and pizzas are no doubt tasty on the way home after seven pints, if you go in during the day the food is legitimately better.  In the day they take their time to construct the best wrap possible, and make sure it's fully heated through.  No cold falafel here.  

That being said, I can only assume that the entire menu is good, as I always order the same thing: falafel wrap, no tomatoes.  (A friendly shot of abuse from the staff every time I pronounce tomatoes Canadian-style....'What's a to-may-to? We don't have those things here')

Bonus: student discount!
I did wonder when my review of Palmyra would manifest itself in late-night kebab form. I have ready many, many good things about it on Yelp. I have passed it many times, but always during the day when the lure of kebabs have no hold over me.

Fast-forward to last night and the end of an amazing Elite Event. After four drams of different whiskies at the tasting, followed by gin I had the taste for a kebab. We all know 'the taste' right? So when Robin M piped up with Palmyra, my memory wasn't hazy enough to forget all those 4 and 5 stars on Yelp.

Inside it's small, clean and not too fancy. Hey, it's a takeaway. It was a Wednesday night around midnight so was quiet. Perhaps on a Saturday night at 2am it's a bit different. But still, pleasant compared to some kebab shops I"ve been in, and distinctly lacking that greasy odour and thickness in the air.

At Robin's recommendation I ordered the Chicken Schwarma wrap. The small (it was still really big!) was only 3 or so. Total bargain! A fresh bread wrap (like a cross between a naan and a wrap really) filled with whole chunks of chicken in a spicy sauce, with salad, then toasted. Yep, toasted. It was fresh, actually quite light and very satisfying. I'm not sure JUST how healthy it is, but it didn't feel greasy, I didn't wake up the next day with a kebab food baby and don't have a kebab hangover. All round win!

If you're hungry, and it's late, and even if you've not had anything to drink, stop off at Palmyra. It's not your usual greasy fare.
In my days of frequent Saturday night clubbing, to leave the club early was not uncommon. Not because I'd had enough. Not because I wasn't enjoying my night. Not because I'd passed out in a toilet cubicle (happened once....once!).

No, the reason was simple: Palmyra closed at 3:00.


If takeaways were a race, then Palmyra would be their king!

Two words, one reason: Mixed Schwarma

Take kebab meat, take chicken, take salad, take chilli sauce and chilli flakes, take yogurt, take a wrap and seal it up on all sides, toasted on the grill, take... okay, starting to sound like Renton now. Gonna stop... you get the drift.

For that perfect 3am kebab fix, there are no competitors, absolutely nothing that immitates the amazing density, the mix of flavours, the balanced heat, the calorific glory that the Mixed Schwarma brings to the table.

I defy anyone to find a better kebab in the entirety of Edinburgh.

Since my late night clubbing days are few and far between these days, if I can find an excuse to be in that neck of the woods, I'll go, and lunch will be... you guessed it!


Pretty sure they do other stuff to.....
Palmyra is really good, offers excellent value, and provides dishes that are high on flavour. I opted to visit "the morning after" rather than "the night before" as a pre-emptive strike, but whatever time you're there, you won't fail to be impressed by their tasty Mediterranean dishes. 

Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Palmyra. Their simple approach to flavour-packed dishes, served in generously sized portions, was exactly what I was needing, this slightly hungover lunchtime. They have ample space for people who want to sit in, but I imagine they do a good amount of their business as takeout. Whatever the case, it's very much worth a visit, next time you're in the vicinity."
I must admit, I'm a fairly new convert to Palmyra, but seeing as a lot of my friends have been going on about it for years, and since I was in the area and hungry a week or two ago I thought it was worth a try.

Now, I'm a carnivore through and through. I tend to feel that a meal isn't a meal unless it contains some sort of meat. But I was feeling adventurous that day, so I thought I'd try a small falafel and humous "sandwich", which is really a wrap. Oh my word, it was amazing. A veritable mixtape of textures and flavours with each bite, leading to me demolishing my lunch quicker than I thought possible.

Having gone back for the chicken shawerma twice since (which may have become my new favourite meal), I've become a convert and may just have to go back again next week. And the week after. And maybe the one after that...
I lived in Edinburgh for quite some time and used to stop in here on occasion for the falafel.  Sadly, I live in another, bigger city now, and I can't seem to find falafel that comes close to Palmyra.  How can one little hole-in-the-wall on Nicolson St possibly make the best falafel ever? 

Well, I don't know, but every time has been simply fantastic.  Cheap prices, delicious toasted wrap bread surrounding juicy, perfectly spiced falafel balls and crisp salad.  The sauce they put in is amazing, and each bite is as good as the last.  Fresh tasting, not overly salty... I usually polish off the whole thing feeling as if I could eat another straight away.  I miss you Palmyra!!
One of the best Kebabs in Edinburgh!!!

This Syrian take-out provides one of the best-priced and most tasty kebabs in Edinburgh, certainly offering the best tasting kebabs around Nicholson Square.

For example, you can have a kebab with lamb meat, feta cheese, hummus, tomato and lettuce, covered with their deliciously spicy red sauce for 4GBP!  Delicious!!!

There is also their home-made falafel!  Gorgeously great with yoghurt sauce and some tomatoes.

What is more, the place is BY FAR the cleanest kebab-offering shop in that area, and the people working there are super friendly and kind, providing service with a smile, something the other kebab places in close vicinity are often not offering their paying customers.

Palmyra thus outperforms its competitors around Nicholson Square on all levels.
Yummy food at a decent price.  Top that with an amazing student discount and you've got a great place to go for a student on a budget.
Great kebabs at a decent price. I lived down the street from this place and ate here all the time.
Small, new market and restaurant at SE corner of Ray and Alma School. All the way at back of Water & Ice strip mall. Replaced a Mexican market, I think?
Real small place stocked with middle eastern pantry basics--quality rice, green cracked olives, grape leaves, hommous, couscous, plenty of spices and olive oils, tea, hookahs for sale, etc.
Restaurant run by jovial proprietor has excellent food--gyros, shawarma and best falafel I've had--ordered it four times! Reasonable prices.
Pop in for a bite or pick up to go; delicious!
Yes the owner is really nice and they do have a really old grocery store (which means most of the ethnic stuff they are selling are old)

But commenting on the food, I had the baba ganoush and the Kefta kebab. The ganoush was bitter (methinks came out of can with citric acid and other preservatives imparting the bitter taste)
The Kefta wasn't that bad (but I have had better) however the: tzatziki enveloping the kefta was bitter. I have found the same phenomenon in Spices on the other side of 101. 

Either that is how it is made or else they both are using canned stuff to feed to us.
Jerusalem (Market)... Went here on a couple of occasions, though I only got one thing, the chicken shawarma. The few times I went there they were a relatively new restaurant and so I guess they were still trying to iron out some kinks.  Mom and pop cook the food, son watches the phone orders and takes payments. The sit down area is small, but you should probably get your food to go anyways.

Chicken shawarma is tasty, has lots of flavor, comes with ample amounts of veggies and sauce. It's a big watery at the end, I remember a few times when I got the sauce on me, but that's what makes it good.

Service is kind of bad here. I remember I came here once and ordered some fries with my shawarma, I felt bad ordering FOUR of the $1.99 shawarma sandwich specials. They decided it'd be a good idea to fry the fries on a stove top pan filled with oil. It really wasn't a good idea, it took about 20 minutes to get the fries done. That wasn't the only thing, I saw people who ordered the same thing as us get their food like 15 minutes faster, despite coming in 5 minutes later. That doesn't really make sense at all.

Good family, they should consider getting 1-2 more people for help especially during busy hours if they want to improve. Its a darn shame because their food is top notch, its kind of a hole-in-a-wall type restaurant. The food on the shelf looks really old, I wouldn't particularly go there for any grocery. They still have some kinks to iron out.
The service here was great, and the people were very friendly. The gyro was a little on the lean side, a lot of lettuce and very little meat. The Hummus was good, but not what most people in the valley are used to. I would have given it 3 1/2 stars if yelp would have let me.
We ordered out for delievery from them for the first time this past week. Now, a lot of places here have Gryo's but not this good. I haven't had a Gryo this good in 15 plus years. The fries were actually pretty good too especially for delievery fries. This is our new go-to place for Gryo's.
Friendly owners. Gyro was good, as was the shish-kebob. Very small space to eat in if you have a bigger party than 4 ppl. 

after eating, they were eager to find out my experience, as they are relatively new and it's a family business. when I told them that the hummos was kind of lemony, they said that they used to make it more garlicky and less lemony, but that the people around here complained! I told them they should make it authentic next time. The hummos you can buy in manufactured packages are usually dry and untasty, and we went there mainly for authentic hummos. Quite nice people.

you can watch TV (they had a football game going when we ate there) and my 7-yr old son loves food from other countries; they have the option of getting fries on the side, in case kids eat there (or adults who don't want rice, even).  the salad was excellent
I would suggest skipping, but full disclosure, I only ate here once.  And it's unlikely I'll return. 

The rice and gyro meat we ordered were decent but overpriced for the portion and quality (reg. $9.99) and the meat was dry. We used every ounce of the tziki sauce they gave us to enliven that meat. 

The store/cafe looks a bit disorganized, but I overlooked it. What I did not overlook was the bathroom. It was locked so our server opened it with a credit card from his wallet. Once inside . . . I'll spare you the details.  Just know it was bad.

The staff was friendly though.
All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat.
This restaurant's tough-to-spot location in a strip mall has to be the reason this great little find hasn't been reviewed yet.  In short, this place is amazing!!!  They have about 10 different $5 combos - pitas, gyro, chicken souvlaki, falafel, etc. and that also comes with fries and a soda or bottled water.  These prices are all day, not just for lunch.  If you're not that hungry, a regular gyro pita is $3 by itself or you can do double meat for $2 more.  Quality is not compromised for price here, this is as good or better than any other gyro you will find in the Valley.  I also highly recommend asking for a side of the hot sauce, it's not too spicy and has a really nice flavor.  

The owner Tom is a really nice guy and he'll probably ask how you heard about his place and seems like the kind of owner who will try to remember you the next time you're in.  I highly recommend checking this place out!
This is a great spot to stop and get a bite to eat. The $3 Gyros are pretty much amazing. We've been going there since the restaurant opened and have always had great service. The owner is the coolest guy ever. He remembers us, and greets us with a smile every time we walk in the door.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the girl who runs the cash register has added $1 to our bill the last 3 times we have been there. That is also the only reason my family and I have stopped eating there. Other than that... bring an extra dollar and enjoy great service and good food!
We read the 1 Review and thought about taking a chance. I called to make sure that they have a "Gyro Pit/the machine".... Yes they did.... So we went to pick up some Gyros. A bakery used to be here which closed down and was replaced by this place. I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in. Clean as a whistle and decorated so Chic.... Tom, the owner was also the cook and knows is Greek/Middle Eastern cuisine. Very creative with his special. We also got the Gyros which were only $3.50. We thought for that price they would either scrimp on the quality or the quantity of the meat. Neither were sacrificed. Tom just opened this place up in Feb 2010. He delivers too. I picked up 4-6 menus to give to my neighbors. One of the best in town...
Very nice little spot. Friendly people in there every time I have walked in. I have only gotten the gyro. Its ok. But for 3 bucks you cant beat it.
I ate here after craving a beef gyro...so that is exactly what I ordered. I did the combo for $5.99, and after tax it came to $6.55. (This included fries and a drink.) I thought that was pretty awesome for dinner! My gyro was melt in your mouth good. From the first to the last bite. I wanted more. The fries were good; typical, but good with ketchup. They were nicely salted and not crispy, which is how I like them.  Back to the gyro... it was very flavorful, the meat was tender, the bread was very soft and fresh, and the tasty cucumber sauce was in perfect proportion. I enjoyed it very much. It's a cute updated little hole-in-the wall joint. A little tough to find since it's in a small strip mall on Indian School, next to Mama Mia's, but once you know its there, it's easy to get to.  I'm definitely going back for my Middle Eastern cuisine cravings...
Ok.. I stopped by after seeing the 5 star reviews..and peeps at work were really wanting a Gyro..it was good, but not great. It wasn't bad...but King Gyro and Chicago Gyro have a larger, meatier Gyros and (IMHO) better sauce... The Gyro special was $5.99- real good price for what you get; gyro, fries and can of soda. As mentioned in the other reviews- they have about 10 other $6 - $7 meal deals... 
NUTSHELL- Nice fast service, Good value for the price..I will eat here again.
Been meaning to check this place out for quite sometime and glad I finally did. I went for the Gyro lunch special for $5.95. It was a great beef gyro and I chose the salad instead of the fries. I also threw in a slice of Baklava for 2 bucks. The Gyro was perfect. I thought it was the perfect size for the price, great meat, perfect pita and crisp veggies. The salad was with the house dressing, which was some sort of vinaigrette. it was very good, solid little salad. I wasn't a fan of the Baklava much, but I've been spoiled by the sweet treats at Baiz Market so it's kinda not fair. The place was very clean, service perfect and quick and overall a great lunch adventure. I'll for sure be back. They have tons of goodies on the menu that looked great, and I don't recall seeing a single item on the menu over $8.
Hard to spot in the corner of a easy missed strip mall.  Worth searching out!  Great service and the food is really good!  The value can't be beat... Thought the owner will remind you of this value EVERY time you go in... I say if your looking for good fresh Greek try it!
This place is awesome!! Very clean and the food is authentic and delicious!! So fresh!!! Yummy!! The price is awesome as well! You gotta try this place!!
I admitedly know very little about Greek food. I like feta cheese and lamb, I hate baklava and tzatziki so take my review for what it's worth.

I freakin' love this place. I love the house salad dressing, it's amazing. Seriously. I love the pita philly cheesteak hybrid thing which is amazing as well.

The owner is freakin awesome and they've got bottled Mexican Coke. Can it get any better?

Only downfall to this place is that they can be a tad slow here and there but you can't rush perfection.
I love this place. Great food and great prices. The best stuffed grape leaves I have ever had. Friendly owner and employees.
I'd heard many great things about this place and am especially thrilled to hear about them when it comes to a mom-n-pop place, but I was somewhat disappointed. Sadly, my disappointment could've been entirely avoided. More on this later. For now, know that the three stars is for the food, only. I'd rank service and atmosphere at -5 stars, if I could. 

I ordered the chicken souvlaki pita with a side salad (I think french fries are the default side.) While it wasn't bad, especially for the price, I wished the pita sandwich had a *little* more romaine and that it weren't drowning in tzatziki sauce. The salad was OK and I must admit I didn't clarify with the person at the counter, but I wouldn't call it a Greek salad, which I thought would be pretty standard in a Greek restaurant. It contained romaine, tomato, cucumber and creamy vinaigrette, but there was no sign of Greek salad staples like feta cheese or kalamata olives. The combo comes with a choice of soda in a can. 

So why was I disappointed? It was the shouting match that was taking place in the kitchen. From what I could tell, another customer had complained their delivery order was taking too long to arrive and the staff (probably the owner and the delivery person) had a heated (to put it mildly) discussion about it. It got so loud that other patrons and I in the dining area couldn't even hear the TV. There was plenty of profanity which doesn't bother me too much, but it could bother others, especially those with kids in tow. I was mostly offended by the fact one of the men in the kitchen boldly proclaimed an order of $15 would be a priority over a $6 order, regardless of which party had placed their order first. (I guess that explains why I had to wait 23 minutes for one combo.) Further, the woman at the counter seemingly is stuck having to take the heat when customers complain by phone and once she was brought into the shouting match, she was literally brought to tears. 

Ultimately, customers go to restaurants for food, relaxation, sometimes atmosphere etc. They don't go to see/hear a real-life soap opera. Getting orders out in a timely fashion, handling customer dissatisfaction, etc are operational tasks that every restaurant faces and this should have been worked out in a customer-focused way and behind closed doors...period. Customers on the dining area have no interest in hearing about the "f*****g pressure" you're under, don't want to see the staff brought to tears and certainly don't want to hear the $6 order they've placed was lower on your priority list than a $15 order. It's unprofessional, plain and simple. People have problems of their own and don't need to pay YOU to listen to YOURS. 

Athens Gyros: If you're reading, the good news is that improvement is entirely in your control. I hope you take advantage of it.
I grew up in a very ethnically diverse area and have eaten at many little places like this, where you have to walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom.  The upside is that you know they keep the kitchen clean, because it's subject to random views. 

They do have something like 4 tables, but this is really a place for take out or a quick lunch- it's a stretch to refer to it as a dining room. I live in Buckeye so I've eaten in, but it was always early for lunch, like half past eleven in the morning. I always make sure I leave a tip for the staff, they're friendly and accommodating.

What's important is that the food is prepared correctly, is tasty, the prices are reasonable and the owner is personable.  As for an incident recounted, everybody has their moments, I know I'm not without blame for being inappropriate a few times in my life.  Maybe the thing to do here is that if you're not local and have to eat on site, bring your iPod.
Delicious gyros at only 3.50.cheap and good eats
A great place for take-out! Inexpensive and authentic! The owner is always there, friendly and inviting. This is my go to place for greek. Try it, you won't regret it.
Some of the best Greek food I've had in Phoenix, like everyone else said the place is pretty small and the food does take a little while to get, but it's definitely worth it. 

The food is great and the owner is pretty funny too. I'm definitely coming back.
After reading the reviews we picked up some takeout on a friday night. The owner was extremely friendly and gave me a free bottled water while I waited for my order. It took about 15 minutes for my order to be prepared.

I got the gyro combo ($6) and then another gyro ($3.50), in case the first one was good. My wife got the chicken kabab souvlaki plate ($6), my daughter got the chicken souvlaki combo ($6), and we also got an order of the stuffed grape leaves ($6). 

The gyros were really good, lots of meat and lots of tzatziki dressing (the way I like it), and I ate both of them. My daughter hated the chicken souvlaki but I tasted it and to me it was also quite good. My wife and daughter both loved the rice that came with the chicken souvlaki plate and my wife said her chicken kabab plate was really good, but it only came with 4 pieces of chicken. The plate was enough for my wife but if it was me 4 pieces of chicken would not have made the cut. If  you have a hearty appetite go with the combo not the plate. 

The stuffed grape leaves were very lemony. We ate 3 of them but could not finish the rest.

Overall we thought the food was good, and the service and prices were GREAT. I plan on going back this week for lunch.
I found this place on Yelp today. It's near my office so I decided to check it out for lunch with a friend. I got the gyro and for $3.50 I couldn't believe how big it was! I only ate half (the rest is for later) but it was delicious! I also got traditional hummus which was great. The pitas were warm and soft. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other food on the menu. We had to wait a little bit to get our food, but it is all made fresh when you order, so it is definitely worth it! The staff is friendly and the price can't be beat. I can't believe it has been here this long and I just now found out!!
The service was wonderful! Not to mention their food is delicious!!! Definitely coming back soon.
I've visited Athens a handful of times in my search for the best Gyro around the Phoenix area. While Athen's doesn't take top billing in my book, they come in at a close second or third. 

They make a mean gyro and you can't hardly beat the $3.50 price tag. For just two extra bucks order it with extra meat and you'll walk out for about $6 with an over filled belly! In case you're wondering - they DON'T serve those crummy gyro pre-packaged pieces. This gets shaved right from the cone.

The pita is good and they could stand to change up the tatziki sauce a bit - it's a little on the runny side. Definitely a sound choice if you're close by and feeling a good quality Gyro.

Quoted in the weekly Yelp newsletter 8-3-2011: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=XY441K1tpmDw830RFs5LBA
I loved this little gem of a place! I was searching for good Greek food but nothing to fancy sitdown,and I was having a serious Gyro and Baklava craving.. so I was cruising around trying to find a place to eat near my hotel. 

Needless to say, it was great. It was quaint, quiet, small and the owner was very nice and asked if I had any questions over the menu.
When I entered the place was empty, and were greeted right away and asked if we had been there before. 


I got one Gyro wrap combos, an extra Gyro and Baklava which was really good.  The wraps were great, falafel with lettuce, tomato, onion, at tzaziki sauce.
Combo came with  fries and drink.  

My order was To-Go and was fast, food was hot and good balance of flavors.
This restaurant is within walking distance to the VA.  I had the greek salad with gyro meat.  It was very good.  I heard from the other customers that their Philly Cheese steak is also very good.  Their Chigaco style hot dogs are also very popular.
Sometimes appearances may deceive you.  It is in a strip of stores and very hard to notice.  My coworkers placed an order and they deliver.  I was blown away as to how good a Greek salad with gyro meat could taste.  Their prices are awesome and they do take a few minutes to prepare but it is fresh and prepared just for you.  My only regret is that I do not live closer or I would be here on a weekly basis.  I am a charitable person at times and will never hand money over to the unfortunate (homeless).  I saw a man that legitimately fell on hard times and was hungry.  I added to my order and the owner split the order with me for the homeless man's food.  I found it very generous of him after he told me  about how many homeless were in downtown and I couldn't feed them all.  I did my good deed that evening and tracked that man down the street and handed him some of the best food I'm sure he's had in a while.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
I had the falafel pita for lunch. The food came out quickly. The owner was friendly and it was delicious.
I have been coming to this place for about two years now. When I moved to Phoenix   I was looking for a good gyro place and I have found it . the owner is really nice, easy going kind of guy and likes to joke around with his customers and makes them feel at home. this place is kind of hard to find if you are not looking for it.

the food is amazing you cant go wrong with whatever you get from the menu and the prices are great. the Greek salad dressing is homemade and is the best on a side salad or a side of fries. if you are into Mediterranean food you should definitely try this place, you would be doing you self a favor.
Really hard to find if you're heading east! Just turn on 9th Street and it'll be in the dingy shopping center on the west side of the street (near an "Indian" fry bread place I also want to try). 

Having had gyros at a different place earlier in the week, I had something to compare this to (before that, it'd been over 10 years!). These gyros are a little smaller but a lot fresher and tastier. The meat was seasoned perfectly and you could taste it through the fresh tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce. I don't mind a little bit of grease because that tells you the meat is fresh and roasted rather than pre-cooked and stored. It also came with really delicious french fries. The hummus was obviously in-house and came with a pita that was steamed so it was very soft and warm. I took it to go and it smelled so good, I almost snuck some on the way home! 
The gyro and fries came with a canned soda and was $5.99. The hummus was just under $5. A very tasty, filling meal with drink for under $13 with tax is definitely a win! 

Definitely surprised and sad this place wasn't packed on a Friday night around 4. I hope people are just getting take-out because this place deserves to stick around.

I will be back!
I'm weirded out by how many great reviews this place got versus the experience I had. About the only thing I can agree with is that the owner seems like a friendly, accommodating chap. Went here for lunch today with a friend.  First thing we saw upon turning into the parking lot was a slow-moving drunkard swaying and staggering about holding a super slurper which I'm sure was full of cheap wine cut with drano. Definitely an extremely dingy mall, and in fact this little hole in the wall place wasn't much better. Chairs with ripped vinyl, for example. Grabbed a couple of menus and sat down. We were asked what we wanted to drink. The drinks turned out to be cans in a fridge on the other side of a couple of tiny saloon doors, almost actually in the kitchen area. Basically implying no free refills. We were asked to help ourselves. Fair enough. My friend asked for ice. The guy said that they didn't have any but they'd go grab some - and that's what happened! One of the staff came back with a bag of ice purchased from somewhere outside, like a gas station? Anyway, chilled glasses and ice followed - I didn't use mine because I don't really feel bagged ice is exactly something I want to drink, versus ice made from filtered water (shrug). Anyway. A little odd so far. We ordered some appetisers, $5 each for 4 falafel pieces. The guy said that the falafel plate was a better deal, $6 for 6 pieces total. Fair enough, appreciate the tip.

Falafel comes out first. Didn't really like it. They looked more like small Pepperidge Farm cookies than the traditional "Monet haystack" shape, and tasted mealy and undercooked. Hummus was more like babaghanoush consistency and not particularly flavourful. Plates came out. Mine was $9.95 for the chicken shawarma. The rice appeared to be long-grain basmati, tasted ok but several of the grains were dry and crunchy, to the point that my friend commented later that he thought he had broken and crunched on a tooth filling. There wasn't enough chicken on the plate. The pita bread served on our plates and on the falafel one was the sort that upon losing its warmth turns basically into shoe leather and would challenge a rabid dog in terms of tearing and chewing. The salad was ok and the dressing was pretty good, but I wasn't there for a salad. The presentation of the meal on the plate was good. Pic here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/athens-gyros-phoenix?select=P8-8ovsHCLqfCf_zqQ8uUg#R8njJz2kWGJWNO74b5WL5Q - but for perspective, the palm of my hand could have covered the amount of chicken provided.

I've had far better Greek meals. Wow. For something that's truly fresh and delicious in this style of cuisine I always fall back on old faithful, Greek Wraps on Bell near 75th Ave. This didn't even come close in terms of taste. Not even in the same suburb, let alone ball park. $17 with tip for my meal, and I was still hungry afterward. Was sorely tempted to hit up Sacred Hogan's Fried Bread a few storefronts down for dessert. HOGAAAAANNNNNN!
A little hole in the wall place with a super friendly owner. I'm picky when it comes to my gyro and they made it just right for me. Love the frozen glasses that they provide for your drinks. Good food at a fair price.
Looks pretty nice. Some afordable combos. Note bottled tea is $2.00.
My partner usually writes reviews when we feel the need to share our opinion about places we frequently visit. This go around at Athens Gyros provoked me out of my shell enough to write my first review. We've been to this restaurant before and loved how cheap the gyros were so we decided to go back again today for a quick lunch. 

As soon as we walk in we noticed the owner had done a bit of remodeling- adding in a booth section and seemed to have decorated the place a little, cool! Kudos for them! At that point we were still excited to eat there. 

We ordered the falafel appetizer and two gyro combos. Right after we put our order in a soccer dad comes in with his daughter and orders 6 gyros and some other items. It was easy enough to see by the way he was talking to the owner that he was a regular, I guess this means he gets preferential treatment. Our order gets pushed to the side until his was filled completely and was walking out the door about 40 minutes later. At this point I look at my partner and say, "lets just leave". 

Unfortunately we stayed and got our appetizer about 5 minutes after soccer dad left. I have never had falafel before but I was less than impressed with the plating and the taste of the bean patty itself (I'm not sure if it's even made of beans- but that's what it tasted like). 

Finally, our two gyro combos come out, lukewarm. I think the best part of the meal was the icy cold bottled water that came out with chilled glasses that counted as the drink to our combos. The whole idea of ripping people off a drink annoyed me but the water tasted great!

I tipped a dollar on a 21 dollar bill and felt that was over paying for the service and quality of food we received. My girlfriend pulled her wallet out to leave more of a tip and I told her to put her money away. As we walked out she commented, "yeah, I'm actually glad I didn't leave extra money for a tip- that service was pretty terrible". 

And thus our experience. Two stars for effort of ambiance.
I ordered the Gyro sandwich to go. It was super good. The owner is very cool.
He let me play his bass guitar.  Next time, I'll stick around and eat inside.
He told me he is expanding. Awesome!  Will for sure be back-this is my new go to place for Gyros!
Excellent! Owner is very cool.
Great food nice service.  The girl that worked up front introduced herself to the other patrons that were there and asked them how the food was but not to me.  The guy did ask me though.
Placed an order for delivery on my way home during the evening rush hour since I hadn't eaten all day and didn't have my wallet on me. Order consisted of a $3.50 gyro, a falafel combo plate (with drink and fries), and dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). I didn't expect it to arrive too quickly, which was okay. And... it didn't. Took about 75 minutes. The guy who took my order and delivered was very nice, offering to refund one of the items.

Yeah, he must have forgotten (or lied), 'cause I checked my account a couple days later, and nothing has changed price wise.

Now, the good:
- $3.50 gyros (pronounced GUY-ROS by this place...) are tasty, filling, and, best of all, cheap
- Lemon dressing on the side salad that came with the dolmas plate
- ONE of the pitas was extremely soft, chewy, and super delicious

The okay:
- Dolmas had good flavor but the rice inside was a little mushier than I preferred. Don't think this is a delivery issue because the dolmas sold by Whole Foods are all lumped together in a container and don't lose their consistency

The ugly:
- Falafel were super dry and kinda hard.
- The other two pitas were burnt in places.
- French fries were soggy and tasteless. NOTE: this was a delivery issue, so if you eat in or pick it up this might not be a problem.
- Failed to deliver on his promise.

Would have given this place a 3 for the excellent and cheap gyros, but because the guy made a promise that he didn't bother keeping, had to rate it one star down.
BEST GYRO COMBO in Arizona! $6.95 served with choice of fries or salad and a beverage. The owner is super friendly, will make you feel welcomed. The gyro itself is delicious, I ate a bunch of them while pregnant!! 

We're still coming back for more, even though its out of the way.
3.9/5 Good price. Good food. Average portions. Got the gyro plate. Tasty but I was still hungry.
Reallllllllly good. Definitely enjoyed my meal here.

Gyro is yummy with a reasonable price and some nice options if you don't want to get fries and a drink (like double meat at an extra charge). Chicken shawarma is served on a bed of fluffy rice. Definitely enjoyed it. Baklava - awesome. So delicious.

Location can be hard to find, but it's a good, solid gyro shop in Central Phoenix. I will be back.
Impressive. I'm really into food. And I love fresh healthy delicious food that provides an experience. Right away, walking in this place feels like visiting family. The menu is simple and the owner himself welcomes you with this big, real, friendly personality that is super refreshing. You can see the whole kitchen and the meat is sliced fresh. You can watch if you like. Nothing is hidden. I bet this guy would tour you through the whole back of house if you wanted. It's obvious he takes great pride in his place and he should. The gryos are amazing. Everything from the homemade tziki and freshly sliced meat. The Greek salad is $1 up charge and well worth it. baklava is homemade and so delicious. It sells out though so don't wait until next time to get it! I absolutely LOVE this place and this food and contributing to this local gems long term success. GO there. Don't order delivery. Enjoy the whole experience.
I like it! The food and service is really good! I love to support small businesses like this that are family owned and operated. They feature many of the authentic Mediterranean Items including beef kabob, chicken Kabob, Shawarma, etc. They also feature live entertainment during the weekend I believe. Definitely stop by when you're in the area! I would recommend it!!!
A little disappointed they didn't have a chicken gyro, but the chicken pita was pretty good. I enjoyed the creamy flavor of the taziki sauce and the oregano infused salad dressing. Side salad was nice and fresh. It wasn't the best Greek food but it was good.
wow had not eaten here in a while was glad to returned had gyro combo with 1/2 1./2
fries and salad fresh delicious and great service too
Have Called them 3 times within their normal business hours for delivery. They delivered 3/5 food first time. Every time after that they make excuses not to deliver. Today's excuse - we don't have a car.
I spent half my life eating food in New York and needless to say I am extremely picky ... I have never had a better Greek meal in my life ... Oh did I also mention that my mom's maiden name is Staros ... OPA ... They also have live music at noon for lunch can you imagine! Tomas may you have a great success in your restaurant fabulous! :-)
We stumbled upon this place on Indian School. There was no wait, service was fast and great. The gyro sandwich was delicious and fresh. It is a little hole in the wall place, with middle eastern decor but also tropical beaded curtains and pictures of black and white pin-up girls. Definitely recommend.
So after three days in Vegas for recent trade show I finally hit the bad hotel food, steak dinner, fast food & anything on the strip, wall.  I needed some, no make that, craved something unique & off the beaten path so when an old industry friend offered to take me & our other salesman out to dinner, I was all over it.

Having never really had much experience with kosher food aside from a Hebrew National frank & some macaroons I was a definite neophyte in this regard. The restaurant itself is actually a Glatt style kosher restaurant, which is essentially follows the strictest laws of the kosher standard.  The menu follows what are considered traditional Hebrew & Mediterranean cuisine most of them you've heard of  like shawarma, falafel, kabobs & pita based wraps.  The meal starts out with platters of salads & toppings for the pita breads.  Baba Ganoush, red & white cabbage, a Moroccan salad made with cucumber, tomatoe, red onion & spices, an awesome spicy eggplant relish & some& other tasty stuff.

We all had different entree's so I had a chance to try some of everything & everything simply rocked!  The falafel was smaller than I'm used to but extra crispy & then creamy on the inside. The kabobs were made with some of the tastiest, juiciest meat I've had in some time, was seasoned perfectly & BBQ'd to perfection.  The chicken shawarma, simply epic.  I could eat one of their chicken shawarma laffa sandwiches (aka burrito) every day & never get tired of it.  The fish balls were tender & tasty & the rib-eye, freaking unreal!

You can tell it's authentic kosher food just by their regulars on hand.  The jewish community in N. Vegas flock to this place & finding a table wasn't easy.  So it's a little of the beaten path (15 minutes from the strip)  a total hole in the wall, kinda slow service & the (almost) deal killer...NO beer, wine or other alcohol served there. (hello to-go order)  That aside I could put up with that a dozen times over again, the food is that good.  Beer & wine would have made it a perfect 5 star rating.
My Israeli friend's been raving about this place for months, and she finally shlepped me there.  It was worth the wait.

Yes, it's a hole in the wall, but it's more like eating in my Grandma's kitchen - except my Grandma wasn't Moroccan or Iraqi, which is definitely the accent here.

My friend warned me that the platters were too big for one person (or at least two women trying to keep their, ahem, girlish figures) to eat, so we shared a Chicken Shawarma platter.

This is a Meal (capital M).  The larger plate had a good-sized portion of chicken pieces.  They were tasty, but I swear, I couldn't tell whether they were dark or white meat.  This was accompanied by a large helping of rice covered with pinto beans in sauce (we could have chosen green beans as a topping).  The smaller plate had Israeli salad - basically chopped and seasoned cucumber and tomato - along with baba ganouche, hummus, and a red cabbage salad that was scrumptious.  A third plate had four mini pitas (more upon request).  The idea was to pull off pieces of the the pita and make little mini sandwiches with all the ingredients.  Luckily, I was there with a native, to teach me the ropes and translate the waitress, Gila, who's also the cook and owner, with her husband.  Gila speaks English, but obviously preferred to converse with my friend in Hebrew.

My friend bought a box of pastries - Gila made - to take home, but we snacked on them for dessert.  They were farina-based, stuffed with dates, deep-fried, then baked, and finally, dipped in honey.  They were so out of this world delicious that I wanted to take home a box, too, but she got the last one!

As mentioned in the other review, there is no beer or wine, but there's not even coffee, due to an agreement with the Pannini Cafe next door.  That, together with the mystery chicken, is the reason for this not being a five-star review.  But it's damned close, and I highly recommend it!
While Vegas(and Henderson) posses several "Jewish Deli" establishments that serve New York style ashkenazi cuisine that everyone knows and loves, the city was severely lacking any good middle eastern/Israeli/ establishments ( especially considering the sizable minority that seem to work through out the strip and oddly enough at many of the local mall carts) that cater to Sephardic cuisine. There is a good Afghan kabob (or is it kabeb? i forget) spot on the east side and i've heard rumors of a good Persian spot as well, but most other Mediterranean /mid east joints were poor attempts at Americanized greek.I'm getting off topic; we're here to talk about Shawarma Vegas. 

This place is a hole in the wall as someone else mentioned; but in a good way. There maybe no more than 5 or 6 tables inside and a couple more outside. What it lacks in size and decor, it makes up in food. I have been twice and so far both meals were a success. 
The Shawarma in pita was excellent (and I still feel that is an understatement.)that was stuffed with the usual condiments of hummus and pickles amongst others. I am truly looking forward to trying the entire Shawarma plate. The schnitzel was fried perfectly, with the chicken far from dry (always an issue with schnitzel). Nearly as good as my Grandmothers! 

The food is a bit pricey, but most kosher meats usually run on the higher end so I can accept it. (plus the food is great) 

A great place for middle eastern comfort food.
Native of LA.. I'm a huge fan of Pita kitchen and zankou chicken.. Since moving to LV.. I ve really missed good shawarma.. But I think I found my new favorite spot!
The food is fresh and delicious!! The shawarma has great flavor, tender, and juicy.. Pita is good too a lil' chewy just the way I like it.. Will be back for sure!
A nice neighborhood hole in the wall with a homey feel.  Tasted like a home cooked meal.  Not used to the rice with bean sauce but I liked the chicken a lot.  Wish they had a bigger beverage menu.
We are always looking for schawarma... I should say good schawarma -- it is hard to find... unless we make it ourselves... however, Shawarma Vegas was not bad at all!

What can I tell you... they are a little whole in the wall deli type place and you can find them in a little strip mall & as I looked around - it appears that the 'area' (very small) might cater to Jewish businesses... anyways, if you do not slow down you might miss it.  I forgot to mention to the owner that some signs / advertisement might behoove him.  Inside, you are welcome to wash your hands before eating (which, I like) and it appears that it may also be a low key hangout where you might find yourself picking up the Torah to read whilst you munch on their yummy eats.

We had:

Geo: Shawarma pita w french fries and babaganoush and hummus
Moi:  Kabob plate w Israeli salad (mixture of tomatoes & cucumbers in vinaigrette sauce & hummus w tea...

Not bad at all... I thought that since the kabobs were so juicy that perhaps they may have been a little oily - Geo, says, 'not so' all in all the taste was very good.

If we are in the area again - we will go - I would not, however, drive all the way there just to eat schwarma...

still good all in all...

your constant companion,

~dee
First time I had falafel was at Tacos & Tequila.  It was no bueno.  I know what you are thinking...Falafel at TNT..WTH!?!  Then the second time I had it was at Greek Bistro.  It wasn't delicious as I had hoped for.  After a discussion with my Israeli co-worker, she recommended Shawarma Vegas.  

The way she described it got me salivating, so I had to try it out.  

So I ordered the falafel, and my friend ordered the Chicken Shawarma.
 
As we are waiting for our food, the nice lady brought out small plates of the following:
-Israeli salad: chopped & seasoned cucumber and tomato:  Refreshing
-baba ganoush:  Yummy
-hummus:  Yum
-red cabbage salad:  Eehh
-mini pitas:  piping hot, crisp on the outside, soft in the inside.  Perfect.

 Wow, those small plates were all bursting with bold flavor, exciting my palate!  The owner was super nice, saying that other restaurants may want customers to spend more money on appetizers, but not here..customers get small plates of appetizers for free,  not spending anymore money.  

However, I wasn't too excited about my falafel or the shawarma.  The shawarma has morrocan spices, but it tasted like it needs some salt or a bit of BAM.  Dunno, I can't make a comparison to anything else since this is my first time having the shawarma.  The texture was unexpected as well.  

As for my much anticipated falafel...I came to the conclusion that...ummm..I don't like falafel.

Can't really hold that against them can I.  But regardless, I will come back to try other items and get my small plates of delicious appetizers.

This is  more of a 3.5 star small eatery in my book.
The food was very tasty, but I feel like it is a little bit of a rip off. I learnt my lesson. Get the sandwiches they are more worth the money versus the plates. Go to Jerusalem Grill, they are the better kosher spot in town.
The best shawarama in las Vegas !!!!

Fresh and good service like in israel
This food is amazing. Ground beef kabobs, shawarma, falafel.  Everything is great.  

Ambience.  No.  Prices are not.cheap, but the servings are huge. 

Stay away, cause I love this place and do not want to share.
love their baby chicken!!! and of course shawarma...
I remember seeing this close a while back and was surprised to see it open again under presumably a new owner. 

As we were waiting for our food to arrive, we were entertained that it seemed like everyone knew everyone and no one was speaking English. This though makes me feel excited as it can only mean authentic food.

I saw on the menu that you can get for $3 AYCE of the salads which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, a vinegar based slaw, carrot and cauliflower pickles, pickled peppers, cucumber tomato salad, onions with sumac, red cabbage salad All of them were good, fresh and seasoned well. The hummus and baba is really good and would cost you a lot more than $3 anywhere else for a single serving of one of them. 

BF and I got the falafel pita (I believe $6.99). Once they stuff them in the pocket they ask you what else you want in it (basically from the salads I mentioned above) along with options for garlic sauce and hot sauce as well. The seasoning on the falafel was good and they were lightly crunchy and soft inside. I prefer more soft than crunchy like chips so it made me quite happy and the pita was fluffy and everything I think good bread should be. Both the BF and I are huge fans of the falafel at Amenas and this is really good that they are equal contenders for the top pocket. 

There was a bit of confusion (language barrier?) as to the salad sampler but eventually I got a little plate to try them and the lady was really sweet anyways.

 I definitely will be back again to have more of this falafel and maybe try other offerings on the menu. I think this little hole in the wall is a must try if you like Mediterranean fare.
The place is a little pricier than other shawarma places, and I can't say I'm a fan of the decour either, but the food here was amazing!

We came for the shawarma, and the place delivered! I got a shawarma pita with hummus and tahini, cabbage, some red hot sauce and some onions. The pita was stuffed full of delicious shawarma and all of the fixins. I couldn't even finish the whole pita because it was so big! The combination of the shawarma and the tahini tasted so good. 

I love how everything is handmade over there from the pita to the hummus. In the background, you can see the chefs cutting the juicy strips of meat for the shawarma. Everyone their was really nice as well. 

I will definitely be back!
If I could give no stars to an establishment, this place would be at the top of my list.  My awful experience went as follows:

I was in Vegas on 6/1/12 and had a craving for shawarma.  I Yelped some nearby shawarma places and decided on Shawarma Vegas due to its close proximity and the good reviews that it had gotten despite its somewhat pricey menu.  I noticed on Yelp that it closes at 4pm on Fridays, but it was only 3:05 so I figured I was in the clear.  

I walked in and saw a woman behind the counter frantically scooping some food.  No greeting, hello, eye contact, nor nod of acknowledgement of my presence.  I began looking at the menu overhead to decide what I wanted.  The woman then says to me in a raised voice (for no apparent reason because there was no music or any other customers to talk over) , "WE'RE CLOSED.  WHAT YOU WANT?"  I was a little startled by her greeting and also surprised that they were already closed considering that it said on Yelp that they close at 4pm on Fridays and that it said on Shawarma Vegas's website that they're open from 9-9, Mon-Fri (confusing I know).  Surprised by the fact that she said that they were closed, I replied, "Oh, you're closed?"  Her reply to me (in an even more irritated tone) again was, "WHAT YOU WANT?"  Appalled by her sheer rudeness, I calmly responded with "Nothing from here.", turned around and walked right out the door.  I had never been so rudely treated at an establishment where I was a hungry patron willing to pay $11.99 for supposed good chicken shawarma in pita bread.

I see the reviews on Yelp where fellow reviewers talk about the great and "friendly" customer service from this place.  It's gotta be a joke.  I seriously don't know where to begin to explain how upset I was at the treatment that I received.  Needless to say, I will never come here again the next time that I'm in Vegas and will adamantly discourage any and all Vegas friends from patronizing this establishment.
Found this place through a Yelp search. I had the shawarma pita. It was delicious! The staff was friendly and helpful. A little taste of the Middle East on Ft. Apache and Charleston.
It's great food. The Jerusalem Mix is the shawarma grilled with onions. The smell of it cooking is fantastic.

The place is kosher. Don't expect to go after sundown the day before the sabbath (Friday). 

The cook was very friendly. The muscle bound owner must have been mad that I interrupted his prayers or something because he showed that he didn't give a rat's ass whether I spent my money with him or not. Two $10 sandwiches and not a smile, not thank you, nothing. I'm sorry, did me asking questions about the menu bother you? (I didn't ask during his prayers.)

A customer actually answered my questions.

Judging from the lack of business at lunch time, he NEEDS to learn that you at the very least should treat your customers with respect, not contempt. You had 28 demerits and were featured on Dirty Dining.

If you want to stay open, the owner should stay away from the customers. He's obviously not going to change his attitude.

If he can't, then they deserve to go out of business. Since one order was a large portion of the "Lunch Rush", that should be pretty soon.
There are few things in life that make me happier than falafel and shawarma.  These guys deliver above average quality for both and I already know I'll be a return customer.

The falafel plate was around $11 and it was huge.  The balls themselves were smaller than usual but that was made up for in quantity as you can see from the photo I took.  An overall 3.5 star falafel in the world is pretty much a 5 star falafel in Las Vegas.  The plate also came with my choice of 4 sides to make up my salad side of it.  I went with babaganoush, hummus, a red cabbage salad and their Israeli salad.  It also came with a big side of rice and beans so I pretty much had lunch for the next day.

I just HAD to sample the shawarma so being the pig that I am, I got a shawarma sandwich to go too.  The quality of their pita was very good and although I prefer lamb shawarma, their chicken was still great.  They allow to put in whatever you'd like in the sandwich and as much as the pita can fit so I went wild with every little thing.  You should too.  

The dining area is OK and teetering on hole in the wall status.  I see myself doing takeout orders for the most part.
This is not the Shawarma I am used to. If you want real Shawarma, you have to go to Dearborn, Michigan, or Lebanon. This is not even close. It was aweful. I still have not found a place on the West Coast that makes good authentic Shawarma sandwiches.

Shawarma is lamb or chicken that is spiced and cooks while it turns on a ventricle roaster. The cooked meat is cut off as it turns and then rolled in pita bread. The meat shawarma usually comes warped with onions and tahini sauce with pickled turnips. The chicken is rolled with a garlic sauce and pickled cucumbers. Both sandwiches are then placed on a panini grill to toast the bread. That is a shawarma sandwich.

Note******
This place was on Dirty Dining in July. I just seen that today on the Channel 13 website.
The shawarma is probably the best in town.
lost one star for being ridiculously expensive! ($14 for shawarma sandwich).
and the other star was lost for shitty service and cleanliness (or lack of it).
Well if you're looking for bad service then step right up and take a crack at this place. I wish that I could comment on the food but they didn't even make it that far until I was out the door due to the lousy service.

So I walked into the place in the evening many hours before they close and there are two tables of customers, both with their food, and they're not busy at all. I walked up to the counter and had the two cooks and the host taking the order walking around for awhile stocking food and things. I stand there for probably 5 minutes waiting for someone to come. They seem to be in no rush. The place isn't busy so what's the hurry.

Finally the guy comes up and takes my order. I ask a couple quick questions about the menu and then I place my order. He asks me if I want fries, I say sure.

I go over and sit down at a table right next to the front. I patiently wait. (3 mins, 5 mins, 7 mins.....) No food. All while this is happening the host/cashier is walking around stocking food and things in the back. Coming out to the front and refilling the drinks. Stocking the condiments, etc. 

Finally after 10 minutes another customer walks in the door and places an order. 5 minutes later and the customer gets HIS food! Well this immediately made me heated. The host/cashier comes out again and walks by me for probably the 7th time stocking things and cleaning up the tables. My level of irritation is growing more and more. Finally after about 15 minutes really politely I stop the guy and ask, "Is my meal almost ready?". His confused response, "Oh did you place an order?". My jaw kinda drops, "Ummm I was JUST at your counter 15 mins ago and have been sitting here waiting.". Finally it dawns on him, "Omigosh! I totally forgot that you ordered! Soooo what did you have again?".

I'm just frankly shocked. I stand up and say, "Don't worry about it. I'm out of here.". He follows me out the front door and says, "I'm sorry sir, I just forgot.". I say, "I can understand if you're busy to forget but you guys aren't whatsoever. That's just really bad service.". He says he will give me the food free. I decline again.

I just can't understand how a person forgets an order he JUST placed. Nobody new comes in. He walks by you 7 times while you're sitting at the table with no food patiently waiting. And you actually have to stop HIM to get him to realize.
Get the shawarma on laffa bread. It is a way tastier carb than pita in my opinion! It's super chewy, soft, and soaks up all the sauces and juices really well. There were a few complaints on yelp regarding the price (approx. $11/shawarma) but if you think about it, all the sauces are home made, the meat is kosher, veggies are fresh, 2 people can definitely share one, and you are contributing to a local joint! This is my ultimate favorite shawarma joint in the USA. Next time I'm going to ask them to add fries! Woohoo!
The food is great! It's the service that needs desperate attention.

ATTENTION OWNERS: We are not in Jerusalem. We are not in Tel Aviv. While I understand the laid back, casual, time consuming approach other cultures have,  I assure you most people will not. Neither will they yelp about it in an attempt to help you understand. They simply will not return.

You need to greet customers promptly, prepare the food in a reasonable time, and smile.  

Every time I am in your restaurant is a new adventure. There is ZERO consistency. Sometimes your service is ok, but most times it is plain aweful. What a shame, considering how delicious your food truly is.

Please fix your customer service problems so I can enjoy my experience, and find you open rather than out of business when I return. Shalom.
Food is decent but I'm not sure I ever had such bad service. The man behind the counter, who I assume is the owner, had the worst attention span I've ever seen in anyone over the age of 5. 

His wife, who sat in the "restaurant," continued to distract him by coming up to the desk asking for more food for herself. He would stop whatever he was working on to make it for her. It then took him an additional 10 minutes to ring us up from the time our food was finished! Absolutely ridiculous!
Feels like you are in Tel Aviv! (I have never been in Tel Aviv, but if I had, I bet it would feel like this!)

Staff was very friendly.

Food was excellent. Shawarma was huge!


Only downfall, staff was yelling at each other in Hebrew the whole time - but this is what made it feel authentic!

Oh - and it is Kosher, if that is important to you.
Love this place yummy the pitas are the best!!! Very friendly staff and comfortable setting.
Oh great, just what Edinburgh needs... another humus/falafel/shawarma takeaway place. Not. And just to be a little bit different, they also offer pizzas and kebabs too. Oh no wait...

It's only just opened, so as I was walking past on my way home the other day I thought I'd try it out. It was lunchtime, I knew I had nothing in the fridge and I have to be honest, I do have a cheeky weakness for a humus and falafel wrap.

But I don't really know what to say about this place that hasn't already been said already about every other one of the hundreds of places like this in the city centre. My wrap was nice enough, they have cheap-looking tables and chairs for you to sit at if you want to, all the ingredients were in those metal bowls that they all seem to use and there was one of the revolting "meat" things rotating in front of a heatlamp for the doner kebab munchers out there. But not exactly anything that couldn't be said about anyone's local kebab shop anywhere in the UK.

I'm not sure if this will last. Its one saving grace might be the fact that Pizza Paradise a few doors along is so disgusting that people may defect here, rather than enduring Pizza Paradise simply due to the lack of other options. And if that's the case, it can be no bad thing.
I have to agree that there appears to be a huge amount of Middle Eastern takeaways on the streets of Edinburgh, which isn't usually a problem for me as I tend to love my kebabs and shawarmas. Zenobia has only recently opened up, and while the food is good enough and it seems quite busy, I son't see the affection that the locals have for Palmyra a few minutes down the road being replicated here.

Shouldn't detract from the standard of the doner though, which as expected, is a far more tasty affair than you'll find at some of the city's scruffier late-night eating venues.
This is another average Kebab joint. It seems to be making a bit of an effort to shake off the grease laden scummy image that many Kebabbies have but that is a tough task. There is a seating area that wouldn't be out of place in a standard Maccy D's and that seems to be the type of client they appeal to. 

The food is pretty average. It is not smeared in grease and could possibly be actual meat instead of squished plastic but to be honest it is pretty bland and unadventurous. I know most people aren't looking for an adventure when they go for a kebab but something different would have been nice. Ironically, by cleaning up the image of a skanky kebab shop, they have also lost a bit of the character. Go here if the only other place open is the godawful Pizza Paradise down the road, though you'd probably have more fun there
Arguably there are enough Middle-Eastern takeaways on Nicholson Street to feed the entire city.  However, just for good measure Zenobia has set up camp.  It looks a bit more lush than the others from the outside with a stark black and gold sign to attract the customers.  The guys inside are friendly and seem to make everyone feel welcome.
The menu has just about everything which you would expect from the place in the way of kebabs, falafels and the classic pizzas.  I went for their doner with salad, mayonnaise and chips.  The meat was fairly greasy and I've certainly tasted better in the area, but the salad was fresh and the chips weren't bad.
My mate had a pizza which looked okay, although there seemed to be a bit of grease on the top.  I'd come here again as it actually has quite a nice ambiance, but I'll be expecting a bit more from the food.
Zenobia has set itself apart from other takeaways in this area by offering more seating, more variety, healthier food and a family friendly environment.

It's halfway between takeaway and cafe, reminding me more of the latter with its sleek appearance and impressive seating area. They serve up a variety of foods - a lot of which you see in takeaways, yes. But kebabs and pizzas aren't a slapdash effort in Zenobia, with the quality of their kebabs suggesting it was fresher than the likes of stuff that sits under a heatlamp or steeped in grease for hours.

Zenobia marks the beginning of South Bridge, which admittedly is not the kind of area where you'll be seen puttin' on the Ritz. So when I was hungry one lunchtime, I had to step over the sick in the street to get to my food destination - a bit of an appetite killer. Sadly, it's the area that needs cleaned up, but at least it's not an overall reflection on the better, more respectable businesses like Zenobia which reside in it.
Well what to say about Zenobia....

I used to be a big fan. I would have recommended them to anybody. Then I went in on a Friday night (Saturday morning) at 2:45 am after wrapping up a nice night of clubbing. 

I don't expect pristine service at 2:45 am, but nobody in my group of 4 was either belligerent or rude. We were very friendly and happy to be in Zenobia. One member of my party actually ordered 2 kebabs, for himself and his girlfriend at home. So 4 of us purchased 5 kebabs. The man was friendly when selling to us, then when we finished our purchases, I asked for the toilet, and he said they had no toilet...... odd.

Then, at 2:50, he said, "in 10 minutes, we close" ... at 2:55 (because I check my watch constantly, I knew precisely the time he gave us) he kicked us out. He was very rude, and there were about 7 other diners with us....all given the boot. 

I understand kicking out the drunks at closing time, but I was with a group of three, along with a group of 5, and we were all given the boot 5 minutes before closing. 

I appreciate Zenobia's five  mixed kebabs, which are not cheap, but I protest the horrendous service! I was regular customer, but now I will definitely be going elsewhere for my kebab needs!

As to the "healthy" food mentioend by Marj C on 19/7/2010: I was never asked what sauce or sides I would like with my kebab. I do not want sauce, and was never given the option.... Omitting sauce by default is not the same as offering "healthy" options, but rather it is simply omitting the OPTION of health.
This is one of my go-to lunch places whenever I'm up on that side of town. Of course the falafel wrap is a favourite, but if you get a chance to try the one with the grilled vegetables. Fast service, fresh food, and plenty of tables to sit and watch the world go by: what more could one want from a quick and sleazy shwarma experience?
It's plain, but it's good - tasty felafel wraps, mint tea, friendly waitress. It's not somewhere to hang about, but it filled us up with tasty, healthy food before we headed to the pub.
I am so excited about this place.  I tried Flame Kabob a couple days after eating and Paymon's and this blew them away.  Their koobideh is better than Paymon's or Habib's, but without the price of Paymon's or the uncomfortable bow-tied servers and forced upscale feeling of Habib's.

The atmosphere is like a Chipotle style place, with a walk up counter and tables, and they bring your food out to you when it's ready.

We tried the chicken and beef koobideh and the beef tenderloin (not sure if i have that name right).  All were great, but I liked the chicken the most.  Also have pretty good hummus, great shirazi salad too! 

Never bother with the the more expensive places just to get some decent kabobs again!
One word- YUM!
My husband is a huge fan of Persian food and when he found out about this place, we went the next day.  We went in with high expectations, and Flame Kabob did not disappoint.  At our table we had everything from Kabobs to Schwarma and everything was absolutely wonderful! The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The saffron rice is some of the best I've had and the bread, my god the bread! Made to order in what looked like some sort of clay oven.  Heavenly! 
We will definitely be going back to Flame Kabob again and again!
Drove past CSN Charleston to the $5 car wash further down the street and saw the Grand Opening sign outside of Flame Kabob.  I recognized the name as the one on Sunset, which I have not been to.  So after washing the car and working up a sweat just vacuuming my car, I decided to head back and check out Flame Kabob.

The restaurant is fast casual Persian kabob chain restaurant.  Since it is still very new, the interior looks really clean and the tables and chairs are in good condition. The kitchen where the staff prepare and plate the food is very clean. If you want you can see them roll out the dough and bake the fresh bread.

Their menu is available for viewing online, so I didn't bother taking pictures of their menu.  But they also have pick two out of three kubideh (beef, chicken and lamb) for $9.99.  A sweet deal which I took advantage of.  The food took awhile to prepared, since it was made to order and didn't bother me due to my lack of time constraints. But for me it was totally worth it.  The bread was fresh and delicious.  The kubidef (beef and chicken) came off the special grill still steaming hot, and was delicious, flavorful and still very juicy and moist inside.

I also tried their Pistachio Rose Water Persian ice cream. It was good, with some pistachio pieces in the ice cream but the relatively dominant flavor is still rose water.

The cashier followed up with each diner to ask us about the food we ordered. And they will soon have 3rd location in Las Vegas.

The hours:
Mon-Sat 11am - 9pm
Sun 12pm - 8pm

Price - seems high but most Persian restaurants are. The pick two of three Kubideh (ground meat skewers) is a relatively good value though.
Food - I enjoyed everything except their grilled tomato and their Saffron Rice (bland). The meats were hot and juicy, and still piping hot when they plated my food. Ice cream worth a try.
Service - friendly

Overall 4 stars for me. And I will be back to try more items.
A tad pricey, but the quality of food is worth it.  The steak kabob was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  However, the ground meat kabob such as the ground chicken kabob, you get twice as much meat for the price, but the spices that are used are good.
We have eaten here 3 times in one week so that should tell you something. The beef kabob was the most tender i have ever had in my life, it melts in your mouth. The staff are very friendly and the plave is very clean.
Open 2 weeks, and I found it today accidentally -- but on Yelp.  After doing some pre-visit research, I had a an idea about what I wanted to order -- was taking my adventurous foodie coworker who isn't offended by the overordering thing - and is always willing to try everything I order.  

And order we did, we tried the gyro, the falafal, the eggplant, the fool, the greek salad (because he hadn't made the tabbouleh yet), the dolmas, the fries, and Turkish coffee...  the check was under $25.  

Wadi, the owner, who used to work at the Bellagio - handled uniforms, from opening, and when sprung, leapt on the opportunity to live his dream -- so he spent his retirement, enlisted his daugher and her husband, and opened Filfila.   

We were charmed by Wadi's winning personality, his enthusiasm for the stove and his customers, and his food.  While his son in law is still trying to remember what each item costs, he's amicable enough.   His wife, Wadi's daughter was equally as earnest in her enthusiasm for her father's food and in the success of their newly opened restaurant.

We wish them well because...the food was terrific.  Standouts were the dishes that you can't find everywhere in town.  The fool -- a soup or side dish - made of favas or broad beans - is chock full of garlic, lemon, cumin and olive oil - with hummus, green onions and perfect tahini - it knocked our socks off.  His eggplant is brilliant.  Deep dark roasted and salted, it was a real treat.  His falafel were crisp tender, hot out of the fryer delicious.  

My only real complaint - and it's not really a complaint, just a personal preference, is that I'm not a huge fan of large chunks of raw onion -- I'd prefer them had he had a more delicate hand and soaked them in ice to tame them a bit, and his tomatoes were crappy - (but then it's January and all tomatoes are crappy)... but this isn't enough to keep me away, nor should it you.  

I also loved that all his dishes had a large generous hunks of lemon. 
The gyro was basic.  Nothing special - but there are so many delicious things to love about this family run new business, let the gyro go and eat like a fool...don't forget to order it, too.

Whether you're Egyptian or not, I hope you'll be as charmed by Wadi and his food as we were.

Enjoy!

p.s.  They're located in the strip mall on the southeast corner of Flamingo and Sandhill, next to the Blue Ox, behind the Starbuck's.  It's other neighbor is Long Life Vege Restaurant, another spot that could use a little Yelp love.
This is definitely my go-to for Mediterranean food, and I found it completely on accident. Each time I've been in this place, it was empty, which is kind of sad because the food here is SO GOOD and made with much love. 
The owner is nice and, though a little hard to understand, will talk to you as he prepares you food. The beef kabobs are delicious and the hummus is the best I've had. Portions are generous and the rice is always cooked perfectly.
I'm a fool for the fuul (perfectly seasoned fava beans, omg love them).  The rest is ubiquitous Mediterranean generalities.  I would give the food and prices five stars, but the service is very slow.  I appreciate the attention to detail (and that it's often just the owner working) but I can't come here for lunch since it always takes over an hour to get my food and eat.  Also, boo for not having tap water - only bottled.  I don't drink bottled water!
Found this place the other day online and had to try it for lunch.  I had the lamb shawarma sandwich with a side of tabbouleh.  Both were excellent.  The tahini sauce on the sandwich was pretty strong, but thats how i like it.

The owner was very friendly and pleasant, and he prepared my food himself.  Overall i thought it was a good value for the quality and portions you get.

I'll definitely be back.
Filfila Mediterranean Cafe is new to the neighborhood. It opened about 3 months ago.  The food was delicious, satisfying, filling and reasonably priced.  The owner / chef and the two young people working out front were very personable and friendly.  I don't know a lot about Mediterranean food but my wife and I plan to return often and sample each dish.  Will bring my family and friends as well.  I love the idea of supporting a neighborhood restaurant that provides a great service.  Anyhow, give it a try!
We got to the restaurant at about 6:20 pm. I ordered two falafel sandwiches, and Dan ordered a beef shish kabob combo from the sandwich menu, which comes with fries and a drink. The guy said the beef was still thawing, so Dan said chicken would be fine.

There was one other party of about 8 people there. They seemed to know the owner. While we were waiting for our food, the two men from the other party would go back to the kitchen and help the owner prepare food. 

The other party was served plate after plate of food, and our food came out at least 45 minutes after we placed our order.

I got my two falafel sandwiches, but what Dan ended up getting was basically chicken strips over a bed of salad, and not the sandwich with fries and a drink like he wanted. We aren't confrontational at all, so Dan just went with it and ordered a drink.

Here's a comparison of what we ordered, to what we received and the menu prices for those items, and what the receipt said

2 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob combo (6.95) = 14.85
2 Falafel sandwiches (2 * 3.95), shish kabob plate but without grape leaves, hummus and pita bread as listed on menu (8.95), drink (1.00) = 17.85
Dept. 03 8.95, Dept 9.95, Dept. 04 2.00 = 20.90
 

1) It took at least 45 minutes to get the food ready.
2) Though they probably didn't help with the preparation of our order, there were customers preparing food in the kitchen.
3) The order was wrong and we were overcharged.

I really wanted to like this place but I will never eat here again. My food was okay but the service SUCKED.
We ordered the lamb shawarma plates (for a mere $8.95 each) tonight for take-out after my brother recommended this place.  The man on the phone, who I am guessing was the owner, was so kind.  Good start.  The food was ready when my husband picked it up.  He also ordered a rice pudding to go, and the owner was worried that moving the pudding to a take-out dish would ruin the presentation, so he let my husband take the pudding in the glass dish it was in, asking us to bring it back some time.  This kind of friendly service is nearly extinct.  Our shawarma plates were delicious, with tender lamb, fresh salad, moist rice, and a surprise garnish of cucumber yogurt sauce.  Additionally, it came with a generous side of hummus and pita, which we were actually too full to eat until later.  The owner threw in two ice cold cans of pepsi as well, for no extra charge.  It is a bit of a drive for us, but I think we will make this a regular take-out treat because the food, service, and prices are simply outstanding.  
PS - I am from southeastern MI originally, and this quality and value made me feel like I was in Dearborn again, where this type of food has much competition and is always delicious and cheap.  This was the highlight of our weekend.
Good food and friendly service here. The food came out slow, so I wouldn't come here if you're in need of a quick meal. The owner is super nice and pleasant, and still honestly cares about his customers. The food and drinks are made to order with care, so that makes up for the time it takes to make. The atmosphere is a bit like a hole-in-a-wall but it's clean, quiet and homey at the same time. The portions are generous for the price. The only thing I noticed is that the gyro doesn't have as strong a flavor as other places I've been to, but it's still tasty. I also tried the Turkish coffee here, which didn't disappoint at all.

Definitely worth visiting if you're in the area and have a little time to burn.
F*ck it, I LOVE this place. 

The food is cheap, fresh, and flavorful. It's close to one of my home-bases in the valley. The staff has been nothing but incredibly cordial to me. The cashier even told my ex what a pretty lady I was. Damn right, buddy! 

They have Turkish coffee. By the POT. Take THAT Paymon's, with your espresso shot-serving! And it's good coffee, too, with a rich almondy, mocha-like flavor that could possibly convert  some coffee-haters.  

Belly dancing on the TV is a wonderful way to entertain your eyes (and mind?) while you wait for your gastronomic delights. 

I substitute a salad for the fries with my lamb shawarma gyro. It's FABULOUS. Light and super refreshing with a briny bite from feta and kalamata olives, zing from fresh onions and the lite vinegarette, it's worth coming for the salad alone. Perfect for these dry, sunshiney summer days.

After 9 they offer Hookah. Get your grub on, get your smoke on, and joke around with the cool-ass people who own it. They're good people.
I will attest to the fact that the food takes some time to come out, but patience is rewarded. I am not sure how long it took for all our food to get to the table, but it was a while. I did not mind because they were waiting on the rice to finish cooking and I am glad that we were not in a rush. The rice was worthy of being eaten alone. Plus the European style of eating is better for you. Food, similar to life, should be enjoyed at a slower pace. 

Between the three of us; we ordered the gyro with fries (6.95), babaganoush (2.95), lamb plate (9.95), and a Turkish coffee (1.75). The gyros meat was juicy and a generous portion, but a little salty. The tangy tzatziki sauce helped mellow out the meat though. The accompanying fries were room temperature, but crispy. The babaganoush was perfection in its strong garlic flavor. It lacked a little kick, but otherwise it was delicious. It came with three large, warm pitas. The lamb plate was moist and tender. The large plate came with a Greek salad, tzatziki sauce, two dormas, and the heavenly rice. The dormas were not my favorite, because the rice was dry and tough. Due to how long we waited, the older gentleman gave us an extra basket of fries and made sure to check up on us frequently. Even though they are set up like a fast food joint, the man was attentive. The Turkish coffee was a great way to end the meal. The natural sweetness of the coffee was exquisite and the ever present taste of cardamom was a plus. The generous amount was more than enough to share between the three of us. 

Filfila will definitely be my go to place to eat Greek food at night. Although there were only two people running the restaurant and kitchen, their guest service was better than the other Greek restaurant I normally frequent for dinner. 

With such wallet friendly prices, it is worth a try. Next time I want to try the ful (fool) plate since it is a classic Egyptian fare. Always on the lookout for new cuisine.
when there tuesday night around 9pm, can't believe they are still open.  only have one table occupied.  it's a husband and wife business.  The owner is really nice, he said the waiter went home early that day, so they were a little bit short handed.  He's friendly.  chat with hobby for a while in Arblic, and he gave us the hummus (on the house).  a little bit lemonny than what I normally have, but not bad with the open flame pita bread. I got my chicken kabob sandwish wrap with fries and drink for $6.95.  hon got the combo plate which comes with one chicken kabob, one beef kabob and some gyro for $12.99.  yes, take about 20 mins to get your food.  If the kabobs are not over-cooked, I may give it a higher rating.  the best was the gyro. moist and tasty.  highly recommended.
After a falafel craving of nearly three weeks and extensive Yelp stalking, I decided to satisfy my fix at Filfila with a friend. I had high hopes for this place after reading my brother's review, and hearing so many commendations for it. When it comes down to it, it's all about the technicalities - all of which brought my high hopes to smoldering crash stop. 

When my friend and I arrived, the proprietor (a very sweet, older gentleman) treated us like we were extended family - eating in? Oh, sit down! We ended up both ordering the falafel plate, and we could see the owner promptly shaping and frying our plates. Soon, he brought out a plate of hummus and pita - when we mentioned that we didn't order it, he assured us in eating it. The wait was a bit on the European side: lengthy, but easily bearable with a few rounds of card games. Very adorable, may I add.

A small dish of hummus with baba ganoush in the middle with warm pita? Now this man knows the way to my heart. Throw in a few olives, and I'm in love. The dips were addicting. Awaiting my friend's move in Goldfish, I'd find myself mindlessly snacking on more. Oh, but the falafel. After twenty minutes or so, five falafel disks atop a salad came out. Halfway through, my fix was quickly satisfied. Crisp, piping hot, and so flavorful. Egyptian style? I couldn't tell you. I was too enamored with them to notice.

So why the low rating? Two reasons in particular: the terrible feeling I had after the meal and a price discrepancy. I was still at the table when a surge of nausea and stomach pain hit me. I blamed it on the hummus, but after eating leftovers of my entree the next day, I immediately knew it was the falafel. When my friend gave her leftovers to her boyfriend, who has a stomach of steel, he couldn't bear the aftermath of the fried chickpea madness. Next, we were charged for the hummus and pita that we specifically mentioned we didn't order. I wasn't about to argue extensively over it considering our two falafel plates ($6 each) and the hummus/baba ganoush ($4) came out to $18 after tax. 

An hour after leaving, I was truly upset. Not speaking purely on physical pain. But really? Don't be deceiving me in chickpea form!
Loved it! The husband and I both got the gyro sandwich combos. Yeah, it takes a little for your food to come out but if they're making it fresh I'm not complaining. The staff, too sweet!
I found this place tucked away in a little strip mall after reading a couple other reviews on yelp. Upon walking in for a late (2pm) lunch, I was warmly greeted by the owner. I had intended to get a large Greek salad and a lamb kebab but he explained the plates to me and saved me a few dollars. I ended up with a Greek side salad, side of rice, a large portion of lamb schwarma, pita bread, baba ganoush, and hummus, with a drink. 
I was hesitant about the baba ganoush- I have had it at many other restaurants and found it to be bitter or too garlicky. This was outstanding, literally the best baba ganoush I have ever had anywhere! I commented I the owner on its deliciousness and he brought a freshly cooked eggplant to show me that he had indeed made it fresh while I waited. Let me again emphasize I was the only person in there!  The food took a little while to come out, but it really wasn't that bad considering that he made everything right then himself. I was delighted with the friendly owner and his exceptional culinary skill. He brought me free Turkish coffee and was going to sit down and drink coffee with me but he got another customer. The food was the best I have had in a while and even better was the owners exceptional hospitality. I love feeling welcome in a restaurant and genuinely want to come back again and again. Seriously you should go here.
I really wanted to like the place and the food since it's Egyptian style Mediterranean restaurant.  We sat at our table and the owners son was serving us.  The service was not what you call traditional and it was very, "if you need something holler at me" style. Totally fine with that and we proceeded to order. 

I read the review before coming so, I was waiting to see if we were gonna get the bait and switch a la charging us for something we didn't order. 

The food itself is honestly not the best I've had.  it was very heavy on the garlic and lemon which drowned out any other flavors.  it was LEMON and GARLIC hummus, LEMON and Garlic baba ganoush, LEMON and GARLIC salad. Meat was tough and chewy.  Still forgivable tho.

The old man is sweet and he does not understand a word of english.

The baclava and some other pastry thing starts with a B was stellar tho and his wife makes them (i think she might have the chef's tongue in this family)

And right at the end we got hit with some weird charges added about $11 to my bill. The son brought out a hummus and baba ganoush and I asked if it came with the plate we ordered and he said it did and he was just bringing it out first.  When we asked for the check from the grandpa there was the charges for the hummus and baba ganoush

I politely brought it up to him and then he started haggling with me politely.  I guess it might be a cultural thing.  It was cool tho.

I just paid and left a big tip.  The owner is really a nice cute grandpa and

he is very kindly towards the customers.  Alas, I can't afford being overcharged consistently or I wouldn't be able to eat out.

If the food was good I would go there and just be careful how I order so, it would be impossible to be overcharged.  But, the food was mediocre when I went.  Maybe, his wife is the one who can break it down in the kitchen.
Thanks to my fellow Yelpers I yet again try another new place to eat.  This was my first time handling Mediterranean food I must confess, but the food was absolutely delicious!

I had the lamb swhermi (sp?) plate, and my friend had the beef swhermi.  The server was so sweet and helpful to recommend things we might enjoy and very attentive.  The wait was kinda long for our food to arrive but I looked in the kitchen and it appeared like only one man was cooking at the time.  

The lamb was just perfect, usually I have the trouble with the lamb being too gamy or raw tasting but this was perfectly seasoned.  I enjoyed the homemade hummus and pita bread which perfectly complimented my food and the side of Greek salad that accompanied.  It was all very fulfilling and for the price very affordable!
This place not only serves amazing food but thurs-sat they open up
Late for some amazing hookah and good music. Definitely had a blast and will be returning, thanks Filfila for the amazing food and experience!!!
I want to love this sweet little restaurant, but it seriously has not gotten any faster, and the owner charges you whatever he feels like that day.  Maybe it's a cultural thing?  I called in an order for take-out and when I arrived, he said he made extra things, "it comes with" ... so he rang up the bag ... and yup he charged me for the extra stuff.  I'll eat it, whatever, but this is not the first time he's done this.  Am I supposed to haggle with him?  I need to just say, "I didn't order that!" any time he offers.  Sigh.
My husband and I went there today for lunch. he ordered the greek gyro combo and i the the chicken shawarma gyro combo (came to around 15 dollars, came with fries or salad and a drink- not bad) 
first the bad, the fries are greasy and bleh at best- but who comes to a greek place for the fries? next time we go ill def stick to the salad :) and it becomes a hookah lounge at night so it doesnt really have a nice feel to it. however, thats easily made up for by the sandwiches

now for the greek food :) the chicken shawarma was awesome def the best ive had. i love the way he makes the gyros into like a pocket and fills them (makes them easier to eat) the sauce was also very good, it was thicker then what im used to seeing but it tasted really good (topped with fresh cucumber - and i dont even like cucumber USUALLY) the greek gyro was absolutely amazing my husband is usually the only one who eats them but he made me try it and im glad i did. it was even better :) (might even get that next time and i never get that from ANY place)

overall- 
great value
great FRESH food

def will be going back
This was such a great place to eat, the old man who was in charged treated us just like we went to his home because that's exactly how it felt. It's not a busy place, we were the only people at the restaurant and he was enjoying our company. The food was great and the prices were even better, can't really ask for anything more. The Turkish coffee was really good and the shawarma plate. Just hope this guy don't run outta business or something, because it looked like he only had 5 sales the day i went there, i could see the receipts coming out of the register. Every one should try this place out.
Best. Gyro. Ever.
I went to eat at Filfila on 2/05/12 and enjoyed my experience more then any other resturant in town. The owner tends to you personally and treats you as if you are a member of his family. The food is cooked fresh to order and is excellent. I am from Egypt so I can tell you if you are looking for middle eastern food this is the place to go. I really appericated the service that I was given I have eaten at 7 star resturants in Las Vegas and the owner of this resturant really cares about your experience and that you enjoy your meal in every aspect. He blows everyone in town away for his service and middle eastern food. It was so good that I asked my wife were she wanted to go for Valentines day diner and she said that she will only go to Filfila for now on when we go out to eat.
the place is good if you are not in a hurry or a service critique ,now the best thing about this place is because is so informal you can basically ask and do anything my friend and I got here and ask for a hookah after ordering some food , she ask the owner to tall her about the hookah flavors and he said to just choose one from the counter and use it then he ask if we want lemons and ice base but he forgot the ice the thought count tho ,is not overly expensive and even that the service is slow it is  a chill local place to spend a good minute
Best Shawarma in the province! If you're here, then you're here to pick up a shawarma and wolf it down...there isn't much room to sit.  That said, it's still my favorite place to grab a quick bite.
for a while i was addicted to this place and would walk for 30mins just to get my shawarma fix!

the meat were fresh and plentiful, the people were friendly and the garlic sauce was exceptional!
I've had both the shawarma and falafel wraps, which are good for the price and the helping is a nice size. Lovely staff and friendly environment.

Unfortunately my rating above is directed towards the plate meals. The plates in my opinion were just deconstructed wraps ... comes with generic salad, pickles and fries with a pita bread thrown on top. Now that's kind of unusual for anyone whos had plates in toronto or elsewhere since it normally comes with a side of rice, potatoes or other dishes and no plate has ever come with a slab of pita bread. The dressing was missing and the fries I got were seriously undercooked. I think there is a rice option but I guess it wasn't available or they didn't ask?

Get the wrap not the plates if you ask me. Same stuff minus the fries (which weren't even good anyways)
Probably the best shawarma I've had. I bought one for my dad and he never tried shawarma before and now he loves it. Quite expensive though but tastes great
less greasy then village shawarma, but its more white washed. There chicken is more lean but the rice here is horrible compared to village. if you want to get filled up with a plated meal go to village. If you want wraps stick with mozzys.
We have been going here for a while and love the food.
Read here for my review of Mozy's shawarma! 

http://www.uwimprint.ca/article/3896-a-taste-of-home-at-mozys
I went there 3 times in 5 days, and everything I tried was phenomenal!

Basically, they serve two things: falafel and shawarma.  Both are available on either a wrap or a plate, with fries or rice, lettuce, tomatoes, and delicious pickled veggies, topped off with tahini, garlic mayo, and/or Sriracha sauce.  If you get a plate with fries, it is like shawarma/falafel poutine--all the flavors mix together in one awesome burst of deliciousness!

Atmosphere is typical fast food; staff are friendly and efficient.
Not a big menu but the chicken schwarma is great. They usually have 2 big spits going all the time. They sell so much it's always fresh straight off the spit. Lively quaint atmosphere. 

Mozzy put some lamb on a spit sometime.
Flame Kabob is en fuego!!

The new Spring Valley location of Flame Kabob doesn't disappoint.  The interior is outfitted in brick, lusciously hand-painted ethereal wisps of detail, and a few beautiful oil paintings in regal brass frames.  It's bright, clean, and refreshing, much like the flavors you'll find in the authentic Persian cuisine.

I went with the Schawarma (beef and lamb).  It came wrapped in a wonderful Taftoon Bread (Persian pita, but better)  The bread was rolled out from the dough, and cooked in a clay oven right before my eyes.  Cue the 70's porn music...(bow-chicka-bow-wow!)  

Also accompanying this huge Persian pleasure feast was some tomato, seasoned onion, lettuce, Tahini, fresh hummus, and dolmeh.  Dolmeh is Persian Dolmades for those of you familiar with Greek food.  It is a grape leaves stuffed with rice, onion, oil, saffron, and other fantastic flavors I couldn't figure out.  I finished this one, and immediately regretted not ordering more.  It was as satisfying as pizza rolls were when you were 12, or pizza rolls now if you're a kid at heart.  

The schawarma itself was light in flavor, yet filling.  I had trouble finishing the meal and I was starving.  Notes of lemon, good olive oil, and the lamb and beef danced around beautifully with each bite I took.  I tried it with both the hummus and the tahini, but honestly, neither were needed, the flavor profile was perfect.  I would recommend ordering an extra side of the Taftoon Bread and dip your face off (nicholas cage movie reference anyone?)  

This is a family run vacation from the greasy, typical, and always disappointing.  I feel bad even using these words in the review, this place is great and you need to get your Perzh-on!
Got a to-go order today. I got the #4, Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob. The kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot. The food was great! The food is also halal (muslim kosher). 

Awesome that they have a location on West Side of town now. 

The interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on. 

They are offering a coupon for a free kabob (ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree. The coupon expires on 4/30/2011 is is for dine in only. 

Will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis.
Good but far from Great.

Not sure if it's the Persian style but the food here just doesnt compare to my usual middle eastern eateries.

On the plus side the Hummus is quite possibly the BEST HUMMUS i've ever had. If i could i would buy a 16oz drink cup size of it and suck it through a straw.

The number 13 Shredded Beef and Lamb specialty plate is reasonably priced at 8.99, one of the few lamb dishes to remain the same cost from the to go menu to the main board. 

On the side you get a small mixed green salad, a wedge of lemon, a glop of hummus (soo good..), a dolmeh, a small container of yogurt with cucumber sauce, and your...i guess it was a wrap. 

The dolmeh was good but when paired with the yogurt sauce whoa that was something. 

The wrap itself left something to be desired. I did enjoy the taftoon bread, it had a nice freshness to it and was different from the pita i'm used to. The meat was seasoned a little too well. Near the end of my meal i could hardly recall if there was any lamb in it seeing as the spices were so heavy it masked any individual taste of the meat itself. What little hummus and cucumber yogurt i had left were thrown on the wrap and it did improve the taste. Toward the end i reached for a bottle of franks red hot to liven things up a bit. 

Also ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro.
I missed the lunch special by an hour so instead of 3.99 for gyro only i had to pay the standard price for the entire meal. Not really a problem.

Ali at Kebab Korner has spoiled me. Even when he tried to singe my taste buds by making his famous super gyro 'burn my ass' (his actual words to his staff "one super gyro, super spicy! BURN HIS ASS!!') with it's level of spiciness it just made me want more.

This gyro is extremely mellow, the meat was a bit dry and inside covered with yogurt cucumber sauce. It was good but it to me it just tasted shallow and empty compared to Kebab Korner.

Being considerably closer than Kebab Korner i might consider coming back a few time to take advantage of the lunch specials.
I'm changing my review.  
Go here and meet an awesome guy. His name is Maroun and he's the shop owner. He's always there and you can always count on some friendly conversation. 

 I go there to talk enjoy some good hummus or grab a quick boiled egg for 50cents, which is super handy, cause I can't find hard boiled eggs anywhere else nearby. 

The Mediterranean menu is the best part of the restaurant, stick with his specialty. 

The food isn't AMAZING but its good, and cheap. and  Maroun does care about his restaurant and will make what you want but he does need to step up his game a little bit. 

I like the owner, and I want to see him succeed.  I would suggest to him that he gets real plates or paper plates instead of styrofoam. organize his menu signs on the windows a little better. Stick with one cuisine, and focus on improving quality. Maybe make some exciting specials.  I think that would help a lot.
Cedars is a great quiet place to grab some food.  The owner is really nice, and I always enjoy seeing him and talking.  The food is decent, I always get the hummus (I love it) which is a bit more coarse than other hummus I have had (which is usually finely whipped in texture) and its garnished with olive oil and paprika, and served with pita, pickle chips, and tomatoes.  I was hesitant at first with pickle chips but it actually tasted awesome!  I also get the shawarma pita, which is similar to a gyro.  Like others have said, food is served on styrofoam, but I couldnt count on one hand how many restaurants serve awesome food on styrofoam.  The food isn't to die for, and I wont argue otherwise, but you can tell its made with care and Maroun will make it exactly as you request it.  I do think if he were to brand it stronger then it would help.  I think adding hookah and alcohol could also help by bringing in a young crowd (which is pretty abundant being that he is next to a university).
The restaurant is small, but most good things come in small packages! The menu has a little bit for everyone - hamburgers, falafel, tuna and hummus. As a vegetarian, I recommended this place because it's inexpensive and there is more to eat than lettuce. The portions are decent, if not big. The owner is very friendly and can definitely customize an order for you. Don't judge the place based on location or reviews that say it's not fancy enough! I did that when I first came in but the food and owner makes it worth it.
Nice job Cedars!  They replaced the styrofoam plates with ceramic, and must have changed their recipes on a few items.  Everything was tastier than I remember.  I am moving it up to 5 stars because the owner remembers what I order and how I like my food.  I true family restaurant.
Nice small mom and pop restaurant feel to Cedar, when you first walk in your hit by the delicious smell of fresh cooked food.  Persian TV is playing to help with the authentic feel. Owner is working the front counter and is friendly and knowledgeable about the food.  Its a really comfortable restaurant setting that doesn't feel cheesy or overdone.

I started with the hummus, baba ghannouj and grape leaves.  The hummus was fresh but the baba stole the show.  I haven't had baba before but it was flavorful and went geat with the pita bread.  The grape leaves were well made and had a great flavor.  For lunch I went with the falafel and it was huge.  Everything came together well, the pickled radishes was a nice touch.  Presentation was straight forward and no frills, they let the food speak for itself so.  Drinks are cans and bottles, my one complaint because I drink like a fish so I can go through two or three sodas.

I recommend this place for good food with a homemade feel at a great price .  You can go to chains and get gyros and falafels but they fail to have much flavor due to mass production. As a added treat ask for the Manusha, very unique and a must try!
I was visiting from LA and first tried the PITA place which turned out to be a dump as far as service goes.... but I was surprised with OASIS.  Not too shabby... Good service....Friendly, and good hookah.
I had a great experience at this hookah bar. I heard that they were not good but me and my friends wanted to go and Oasis was the only one that was open at the time. Driving to it was great because I love the location in old town Scottsdale.
We went in and were immediately helped, and we ordered cups of water and strawberry and peach hookah. They came back with the hookah pretty quickly and it was very smooth. The flavors were great and the combination was perfect. We then decided we were hungry and ordered some french fries. The portion was pretty good, the three of us shared it and we were content. The french fries were pretty good, i might add.
The lady who helped us was friendly, talkative and relatable, and very accommodating. Later on a guy also came around to switch our coals so that the hookah wouldn't get harsh.
The atmosphere was great, there were lasers and couches and a full bar. It was dimly lit which is perfect for a hookah bar. It wasn't too loud when we went. There was some kind of Middle-Eastern or Indian music playing which was interesting.
I should also say that, being germaphobic, I made sure to ask if they cleaned their hookahs. The guy told me that he personally cleans the whole thing, and they even give each person a sealed disposable plastic mouthpeice.
Last but not least, their prices were great.
All in all a great experience, I would definitely go back.
Spent 4 days in PHX.  Went to 3 different Hookah lounges.  This one beats them all. PHX has a few locations but they are mostly very young college hang outs who offer little in terms of ambiance, food or drinks.  This one topped each one I found.  The owner is great. Mae the waitress is awesome.  The Hookah is good, the crowd at happy hour is mellow and by Midnight is a great club.  Good mix of music and nice, clean surroundings.
I can't believe I hadn't been here before yesterday!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I was taking a friend around to cross stuff off her "List of Stuff to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hookah happened to be on it.  Therefore I googled places nearby us and Oasis popped up.

As soon as we got there the guy at the door welcomed us in with a smile and opened the door for us and once inside the waitress/bartender helped us pick a table and took our drink orders.  We decided to get the peach hookah and an order of the Hummus and Pita Deluxe with beef.  The food was delicious and the hookah was great!  The staff was awesome the entire night as well.  Everyone kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and they would just stop and chat with us as well.  One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles!  I definitely love that they're open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays too because it's always nice to have somewhere to wind down after all the bars close!
Al the owner is awesome! His hookah lounge is the best in Phoenix. Check out his full landing page site at the-shisha.com/oasis-restaurant-cafe-hookah-lounge-scottsdale-az/
I used to live in AZ and would frequent Oasis and every time I go back to visit family and friends I always stop by. This is the go to place for hookah in AZ. They make great flavored hookah's and are happy to share and mix as many options as requested. They take pride in their hookah and their food is surprisingly delicious. They have music some nights and live entertainment too so be sure to check it out. Full bar and hookah til late also make this spot a frequent after club place to go.
Came in here tonight after The W Hotel/Living Room drove me away for a number of reasons. This place is across Buckboard from the W. Had never been in before. It's a hookah lounge/Mediterranean restaurant/pub. Ashley was my server, and she was very nice for taking care of the whole place on a somewhat slow Sunday night. I had the falafel wrap with the fries. Very tasty. Prices are very affordable, by Old Town standards. I will definitely be back!
First off, if you go here for the food, you've blown it. Not to say the food isn't good, it is, but if you're going to hooters for the wings, you've already failed. We stayed a block or two away from this shisha bar with a kitchen tucked in behind the W and near Mint, and wound up smoking/eating/drinking there several times over the course of the week. It became our last call spot, golfcarting there after a night at Gilligans or Bungalow. Sit outside, smoke some shisha, watch the Persians smoke and play cards and snap quips at each other in farsi...it's an experience. The food was good enough that we even got it to go and munch late, late night, back at the ranch. Dogfish 90 minute in bottles was all I remember, but that's a barometer for a decent beer selection if I've ever seen one. Definitely a cool spot.
I had a great hookah experience with a couple of friends.  Sara and Shawn kept the drinks and hot coals flowing.  The hookah had a cantaloupe bowl with long-lasting coconut shell charcoal cubes.  For some extra fun, request a bubble blower!  The location is excellent as it is walking distance from many bars and the W Hotel.
To say that I'm quite a hookah connoisseur would be an understatement. First off, service is excellent. "Cort" I believe her name was, did a fab job making sure we were taken care of. The hookah unfortunately was not something I would recommend to an actual hookah fanatic. I ordered Al-Fakher watermelon mint and what I got was far from it. Neither watermelon mint or premium Al-Fakher tobacco. Boo :( Asides that, great service, great DJ and sound system. Perfect for a relaxing night out over the weekend.

Note: good hookah is never served in plastic pipes. Just saying.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.

And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
This place really isn't bad for a hookah bar. If you're looking for a place to eat, I wouldn't recommend coming here. Grab a bite before hookah! (The food isn't terrible, but the prices for what you get just isn't worth it-- almost $9 for a falafel wrap with 3 small falafels inside). Hookah is moderately priced as well, about $16. Other than that there isn't much to rave about. The service is very so-so, and the atmosphere is a little weird. Neon lights flashing around all the time isn't the most relaxing, but it's not terrible either.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
I always go to this hookah lounge. I've been to majority of the hookah lounges in Arizona and this is by far my favorite hookah lounge. The hookah is clean and refreshing, tastes smooth and isn't harsh. The atmosphere is very upbeat. They have a live DJ who does take music requests. The servers are amazing. May is the best server. Shes friendly, energetic, always eccentric, and provides phenomenal service because she's not only prompt but she always gets things correct and does an amazing job. The food is incredible. My top 3 favorite dishes are the spicy chicken egg rolls, the humus and the lamb shawarma. Me and my friend are regulars at this hookah lounge and come multiple times a week and we always order food because it always amazing and fresh. My top 2 favorite hookah mixes are blue mist with safari Mellon dew and blue mist with tooty fruity. Keep in mind for all of you who are 21 and up, they have a full service bar and the chai they feature is delicious. If you want a great night out with music, drinks and food, amazing service and hookah.. then you are crazy if you don't go to oasis cafe. -Jason
Really nice Place, Just got remodeled, Great service the Hookahs are really good and the only place in Scottsdale with all the Good Flavors. Really good food authentic  taste for a great price. I would definitely recommend this place to relax and bring your friends. Looking forward to coming back
Had a fun night here.  I haven't been to a hooka bar in 10 years!  We went for drinks and hooka.  Staff was friendly, decor is nice.  They are a bit pricey but I guess that can be expected in old town!
I have the good pleasure of becoming friends with an Iraqi guy named Omar. I am representing Omar as his real estate agent and we have become chummy as we are scouting for his new home. Yesterday I asked Omar where we could get some Iraqi homecookin here in Phoenix. He smiled and we were off to Semiramis.
My top 5 reasons to try Semiramis:

~ Authenticity:      This is the real deal for Middle Eastern Cusine
~ Hospitality:       Andy is the owner, and it feels like you are eating in his home
~ Environment:   Simple, not pretentious. 
~ Friendly:            More than a place to eat. People gather here for dominoes,   socializing, and food.
~ Convenience:  Located on the SW corner of Bell & 24th street
Come for the food and stay for the people!  Semiramis provides a glimpse into middle eastern culture while filling you up with an amazing array of fresh, delicious homemade food.  

While visiting family in Desert Ridge, and reading about Semiramis on Yelp, we decided to give it a try.  We arrived at 7 to a largely empty dining room but were warmly greeted by the new owner.  He retreated to the kitchen to make us some fresh hummus which was absolutely fantastic.  Rather than order off the menu he offered to create a "mixed grill" type of family style plate.  After a short wait, during which we polished off the hummus, we were presented with an amazing platter of grilled meats including chicken (prepared two different ways), steak (again, two different ways), veggies (tomatoes, pickles [totally unlike what you're probably imagining], sliced onion, and green olives [again, totally unlike what most Americans are used to...not at all like the pimento stuffed olives from a can]).  Fresh pita bread accompanied both the hummus and the entree.  Even my sister, who was admittedly a little skeptical when we first arrived, loved the food!  

While we ate, some of the "regulars" began to drift in to share tea, coffee, play gin rummy, and socialize with one another.  It's was just as one would expect to see while traveling in the middle east.  Everyone was incredibly friendly, staff and fellow diners alike.

I would encourage everyone to stop by Semiramis.  Is it a little rough around the edges?  Yes but all the more charming IMO.  I think you'll be more than pleasantly surprised at both their hospitality and the food.  If I lived in the area (rather than Wisconsin), I would be a regular at Semiramis!
New rest and owner at this site. "Palm Kabob." Tremendous food and owner was very helpful and friendly. We will definitely eat here again!!
I'm always excited when I see a new spot opening up close to work. It's nice having lunch options that go beyond Taco Bell. And so, with a song in my heart and a hop in my step (not really) I ventured into Golden Valley restaurant. 

Golden Valley is brand spanking new, located in a strip mall on the Northeast corner of 19th ave and Northern. The interior looks a little incomplete, but it's comfortable. 

We were greeted quickly and seated. Our server seemed a little bit nervous, but I'll give him proper respect. He knew the menu inside and out! One of my coworkers is a vegetarian that had many, many questions about food preparation. Our server was able to break down any dish on the menu. 

I ordered a grilled chicken pita sandwich with a side of tabbouleh. The salad was fresh and nicely balanced. All to often the parsley dominates, but here the other flavors really came through. 

The sandwich was delicious! The chicken was well prepared, the bread was fresh and the pickles were a nice touch. The general consensus was that the food was great. 

On the less than positive side of things, Golden Valley is not a well oiled machine. Though the food was good service was spotty, and paying the bill was more complicated than it should have been. 

My hope is that the business will soon match the food in quality.
I came here for lunch with a coworker.  We were in and out in about 35-40 minutes, just perfect.  Service was excellent, courteous, etc.

It's set in a strip mall, and inside you get very interesting Uzbek music videos playing, which kind of sets the vibe.  It looks the back of the restaurant could be a stage for some dancing, which is kind of interesting.

Everything has pictures, which makes ordering easy.

We ordered a nice tabbouleh salad ($2.50), which tasted incredibly fresh (I'm not a huge fan of this salad, but it seemed healthy, and this was as good as any other I had tried), and was easily enough to share with 2-3 people as a small appetizer.  I tried a recommended dumpling appetizer ($8), which was 5 giant steamed dumplings with onions and meat minced inside, very interesting but good.

For the main course, we each had a sandwich.  I had the kebob sandwich, with nice lean chunks of steak inside, pickle, onions, sauces, etc. in a pita.  Nicely filling, and a great value at $5.

My companion had the chicken version, minus pickle, for $4.50.

So for less than $20 prior to tip, we had a nice two course meal for two.

Outstanding value, quality ingredients (I judge the quality of a restaurant a lot by the quality of the meat they put in things like sandwiches). 

Good service, okay ambiance.  This isn't a romantic date night spot, but if you are looking for something out of the ordinary with quality food, I think you could do a LOT worse than Golden Valley.  The fact that the prices are so cheap is just a bonus.

I'll be back.
A friend and I decided to try Golden Valley for dinner.  

My friend ordered a gyro sandwich, which was OK.  Not bad at all, but not great.  I ordered a kabob platter of gyro meat, chicken and beef.  Everything was alright, except the beef, which was some of the toughest meat I've ever had.

The service was prompt and courteous.  The ambiance is more appropriate to lunch, perhaps, than dinner.
This Uzbek restaurant a great place for reasonably priced Mediterranean-style kebabs, falafel and pita sandwiches.  The dinner plates are huge -- high quality meat, delicious rice and fresh vegetables.  The salads are great, and the Uzbek bread is delicious.  Don't let the strip-mall location put you off (it is next door to Chen & Wok Express).  The service is polite and attentive and the prices are excellent -- two can eat well for less than $20.  We have added Golden Valley to our neighborhood restaurant rotation.
Can I tell the difference between Uzbek cuisine and other Middle Eastern or Mediterranean cuisine?  Nope.  For all I know it's only a matter of where the restaurant owners are from.  I like it all regardless.

The sign outside reads, in large letters, "UZBEK KEBABS".  That's all they needed to lure me in.  It's not a fancy place, located in a strip mall across the street from Bookmans, but they do a good job giving it a little more atmosphere by adding Middle Eastern style draperies.  A large TV on the wall plays a variety of music videos from, I assume, Uzbekistan.

The menu offers the typical dishes you would expect to find at this kind of joint: a variety of kebabs (lamb, beef, chicken), hummus and some shrimp options.  I ordered the lamb kebab sandwich with a side of Uzbek bread and a bottle of Pepsi (hecho en Mexico) plus a slice of cake for desert.  My tab was under $12.

My food was pretty good.  Not as good as other places I've had similar meals but very tasty.  The sandwich was prepped good and the presentation was satisfactory.  Golden Valley puts in a little effort and does not serve a sloppy sandwich.  Even if a kebab sandwich isn't your cup of tea it is aesthetically pleasing.  If I was to offer any criticism, there was too much onion for my taste.

Overall it was a good restaurant and I was pleased with my meal.  I wish Yelp would allow me to post a 3.5 star review as Golden Valley is better than "okay" but I can't go a solid 4 as it falls short of a few favorite locations.
Ok I don't usually write reviews, but this place deserves it. Its not your usual Greek or Middle Easter/Arabic cuisine, so it can be easily misunderstood. This place makes amazing food from Uzbekistan, a country from Middle Asia, actually right on the Caspian Sea.

I had Lagman and a Lamb Kebob. Lagman which is a noodle and beef soup, was very flavorful and hearty. Amazing, just like my grandma makes-too bad she does not live too close :) The noodles are made from scratch and the spice mixture of dill, cumin and corriander makes the broth soo tasty. The Lamb kebob is cooked on the smoke and does not touch fire directly-very traditional Uzbek way of cooking kebobs. The meat was so juicy, smoky and flavorful! I just ordered one skewer which came with a big helping of thinly sliced raw sweet white onion. This is also a very traditional way to serve the kebobs. Please put a drizzle of white vinegar, a bottle of which is at every table, on the onions. Onions and a piece of the kebob bites are heavenly!! One can also order a side of Uzbek bread and Palov to accompany the kebob. Palov is a rice dish. Now I have not tasted it here, but based on what I saw and did try, I am sure it is just as fabulous!!

Entering this place, please leave all of the notions of what you think middle eastern food should tase like behind and embrace Uzbek Cuisine.

For something more familiar, this place also carries Gyros, Shawarmas, Hummus and Greek salad.

Almost forgot...this place has REAL  Coke, Pepsi and Fanta glass bottles!!
KABOBTASTIC!!!

served with a great lemony garlic sauce, yogurt sauce, dill carrot and onion shreds, pita and perfect rice.

Uzbek, Middle Eastern, Halal, Mediterranean???

And that's all you need to know... see for yourself it is greatly tasty.
Good food I wish I could eat here more often. But only when I am in town. I Will be back when I can.
Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a good time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and sweet white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty seasoned rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a good choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of warm pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time.
Excellent tabbouleh salad! Very fresh. Vegetarian dishes all freshly prepared. Service a little slow, but for freshly made, that's ok. Nice folks.
NO, NO, NO!!!  The Number One rule for a restaurant or any other business has got to be that you don't try to cheat the customer!  I went to the Web site for this place before going there for lunch today, & wrote down what I planned to order, including these items:

Plinchik 2pc. $2.49

Somsa 2 pc. $2.49


What he tried to charge me:

Plicnik 2 pc. $3.99     :-O

Somsa:  "You have to pay for 4 at $9.99."     :-O

I also had an Uzbek Salad & a Lamb Kebab Sandwich.  It doesn't matter how the food was, because trying to cheat the customer on the money is SO NOT OK!!!
I've been here twice and I've had great service each time.  The waiters are often playing interesting videos from YouTube (Uzbek food videos, Uzbek weddings, etc.) and are very helpful.  

I've tried the shrimp kebab, which was good but slightly boring to me.  The cool thing here is that they have various Russian sodas.  I went here almost a month ago, brought the rest of my soda home in its glass bottle, and rediscovered it in the fridge yesterday.  Still good. :)  They often also have a grocery cart full of organic melons (cantelope, I think).  Strange, but cool.

The other dish I tried was the lagman - a noodle soup with beef in beef broth.  It strangely reminds me of my mom's pot roast, which I hated as a kid because it was so dry.  However, this is in a soup form, and it needs something to flavor it a little more, BUT, I swear I crave it every other day.  We've been meaning to go back lately but haven't had time.   Order the lagman with the round bread (can't remember the name) and dip the bread in the soup to finish up the broth when you're done with the noodles and meat. Om nom.

The best part about this place is that  it is amazingly priced (I can spend less than ten bucks here, easy) and their meat is halal, which is hard to find for those who require it  :)
This restaurant, while quaint and non descript serves really fresh and delicious uzbek food.  The kabobs are amazing, especially lula kabob.  The chicken is super tender and flavorful.  Service is good as well.  Five all around.
This great little spot has unfortunately CLOSED. :(
First trip here tried mix grill and beef swarma.
Oh man! Why do all the good places have to close. I discovered this place by accident. My family and I were going to eat the best fish tacos in Arizona at Tacos Atoyac but when we ordered a couple to try them we were Highly disappointed so we left. The best fish tacos here in Az. Were at one time Tacos Del Campo. But they closed.  Uzbek food was very delicious that I soon forgot that I was here in this forsaken desert. I watched the videos on the tv about their country and I loved seeing what a wonderful place it is. Too bad politics and religion ruin all the great places with their useless ideology.  Wonderful place SAD to see it close.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

... & good riddance!     :-o
The place
I think this is a converted sandwich shop if memory serves, but the new guys didn't let that stop them from making it feel new and cool.  It is an open kitchen so you can watch the cooks putting your food together and there is much steel used throughout - has a modern feel.  The only thing I'll knock if for is having a TV hanging on the wall.  Why do all restaurants feel like they MUST have a TV?

The food
This is why you're here - the food.  My wife and I shared a chicken shawarma pita + fries and a falafel salad.  The salad had six generous falafel on a bed of romaine lettuce, feta cheese, tomato, onion, and a tangy lemon vinaigrette.  The falafel were well spiced and came alive when dabbed with the tahini? sauce that came with it.  The pita had many of the same ingredients as the salad, romaine lettuce, onion, tomato, and to top it off well seasoned chicken and a tzatziki that was dill-icious.  The crinkle cut fries were a good balance of crisp and fluffy.  It's hard to mess up fried potatoes.

The bottom line
The lunch "specials" are really only a few cents off the regular prices, but for under $10 you walk away feeling like you've eaten real-whole-food, not some over processed junk from a tube.  I highly recommend the items that we sampled and I'm sure I'll be back to try the gyros.
I recently went vegetarian and Pita Heaven is now one of my favorite places to stop for lunch. I like the #7(grilled veggie wrap) and the #8(Falafel wrap), and Dolmas have always been one of my favorite snacks, so I was very happy to find out that they were available here.  I have had the chance to speak with the manager, and he is a very cool guy. He is also a vegetarian, and said that he is looking to expand the Vegetarian menu soon. There are nice paintings on the walls, and the is a TV in case you plan on eating in. You can call ahead an take you food to go, and everyone I made eye contact with smiled back at me. Things still seem a little new, which makes sense since they just opened; the lady at the register seemed flustered when I asked her about the falafel, but I'm sure that once they all get settled in, this place will be 5 star worthy:-)
Awesome place. Friendly staff, heavenly good pitas, fresh ingredients, and fast service. What more can you look for? They have 10% cards for th new customers. I'm taking my lunch here few times a week.
I love this place! Everytime I am in the area, I make it a habit to come over here! They have best falafel and homemade hummus I have eaten.  Coming from Chicago, it's hard to find a really good pita place to eat at living in Chandler, and this place really hits the spot! Pita Jungle, look out!
The worst experience ever. I gave this place 2 chances and both were fails. The first time a few people I work with got together called in an order for 8 individual meals, we were quoted a price. When we got there to pick up our food and pay we got charged an amount $20 more than we got a quote. They make mistakes, it was fine we paid the $20 extra and got our food. The food was mediocre, the chicken was dry the rice was over-cooked; the salads only have a pinch of feta cheese looks nothing like in the picture. 
I gave this place another chance, thought I'd go and try something else off the menu thinking it would be different this time around. I called ahead at 10:30am during their business hours no one answered.
I didn't even get to order my food,  when arrived at 10:45am the doors were locked and I saw a young lady mopping the floors. I knocked on the door to get her attention; she turned and asked another girl behind the counter if they are open yet. The sign on the door says they open at 10:30am. Umm hello? So the girl from behind the counter comes and unlocks the door and says they can't let anyone in and lock the door while they mop the floor. Interesting? No "Caution wet floor" signs? She gets an attitude rolls her eyes and tells me "We're closed you can wait until the floor dries then we'll let you in."  
I don't know about you, but I don't have time to wait on my lunch for their floors to dry in front of a locked door, during business hours. I'm so done with this place. They won't get any more business from me or my co workers.
we have been going here a lot lately since it's convenient. I am from Chicago and we have tried the grilled chicken pita, the gyro pita, the greek salad and the fries...haven't actually tried the 'chicago' stuff yet. a great little lunch place
A few day's ago, I  stopped into Pita Heaven for some lunch with a couple of friends. This little spot gets packed really quickly during the lunch hour so I suggest coming in a little early. 
We decided to try the vine leaves first and they did not disappoint. 
I choose to have the the gyro pita and salad. The gyro meat was simply the most flavorful I have had! A fresh made pita (they make their own in a very cool looking machine) enclosed a generous portion of meat that spilled out from the bread. The bread was soft, warm and spongy, the meat was absolutely delicious.My salad on the other hand was very bland and not very greek. There wasn't enough feta cheese, the dressing was not lemony enough and the tomatoes were unripe and unflavorful, and one olive does not do it in a greek salad!
Jose tried the kebaab. It is cooked fresh and they warn you that it does take about 15 minutes to prepare. Well worth the wait! I couldn't resist sampling a few morsels and it was very flavorful. The were beautifully grilled on the outside and still moist on the inside. The presentation was beautiful and they were served with a side of yellow rice.
Phil decided to try one of the Chicago offerings, Phil doesn't like trying new foods and was quite apprehensive, finally deciding on the Italian beef sandwich. To our relief he loved it!  He was so pleased he even expressed his pleasure to the staff preparing it.

Our only complaint would be one of the staff members who seemed rather unfriendly, but overall Pita Heaven was a great experience.
My sister and I have been here a number of times and the food has always been fabulous and the staff very nice and engaging. I have also been here with my coworkers for our lunch hour and have never been disappointed. They must dip their fries in liquid awesome because they are freakin sweet!
I love this restaurant! I ordered the Chicago gyro and salad combo for about $8.20. It comes with a drink. The gyro meat was flavorful and the pita bread was delicious. The gyro was huge! My Greek salad was good. I also ordered a side of spicy tazitki and it was delicious with gyro. This restaurant makes My Big Fat Greek restaurant looks bad!
Delicious!
Between the chicken and the steak plate, the generous serving of expertly grilled marinated beef wins hands down!
We were in the area and happened to stop in for lunch. We had gotten there right at about opening time so there was only one other person in there eating. They have a variety of lunch specials that were pretty well priced. We ordered the Gyro Pitas which came with french fries or a salad. We also ordered their Cilantro Hummus. As for the Gyros they were pretty good had a very generous portion of meat which was nice to see and they pita itself was very fresh. As for the hummus not the best we've had but mediocre. We'll be coming back though as it is pretty good and close to the house.
Stopped in to Pita Heaven for lunch on a quiet Sunday afternoon. I'm not very familiar with Greek food, but  we were looking for a quick lunch and at least the opportunity to make a healthy choice for lunch, and Pita Heaven seemed to fit the bill.  I ordered a chicken pita, added feta, and a side salad instead of fries. The pita was HUGE, the chicken well seasoned, and the feta added just the right kick. My friend had the pork loin souvlaki pita and it was very tasty as well. The tzatziki sauce was mild and creamy, though i would probably ask for it (and the salad dressing) on the side next time so i could control the amount that i use.  My meal was $10.00, more than what you would spend at In and Out across the parking lot, but I'm more than willing to spend the couple extra bucks at a local restaurant  that offers me a healthier alternative to typical fast food.
This very well could be Pita Heaven but instead it was Dolma Hell!
They were canned and dreadful.
That is all.

1 star based solely on the Dolma.
Stopped in here for lunch the other day and got the Pork Souvlaki Pita. It was pretty darn good. Everything was very fresh and flavorful. I was glad I didn't get the fries too because the sandwich was pretty big and filling. I was checking out what other people were getting and the salads looked really good. I will be coming back again. It got pretty packed by the time I left so before 12:00 for lunch is recommended.
Is this heaven?... no, it's Chandler.  This small counter-style restaurant in a strip mall is a solid choice for lunch.

I've had the gyro and the Greek salad here before, but today I stepped it up for the gyro platter.  It was outstanding.  For $9, I got food served to me on 3 different plates.  There was a generous portion of gyro meat, and french fries served with sliced tomatoes & onions and tzatziki.  Then, there was separate side greek salad and a pita.  That's a lot to review.

The gyro meat was about what you'd expect.  At least it looks legit because they cut it from one of those giant meat cylinders.  The french fries were fantastic, thick cut but crispy with a seasoning salt on them.  The tzatziki was thicky and lumpy, with a strong dill flavor (and I mean all of that as a compliment.  It was good stuff.)  The salad was crisp and fresh with an acidic Greek dressing and some feta cheese.  It was mostly lettuce, but there was tomato, onion, and a single olive & pepperoccini to make it a nice presentation.  And finally, the pita was grilled warm and toasty, as it should be at a place named Pita Heaven.

I ate my entire salad, and about half of the rest.  $9 is a little pricey for lunch, but not when you make two meals out of it.  There is a large menu, but I've never strayed from the Mediterranean choices.  If you like Chicago hot dogs or beef sandwiches, they've got you covered.  If you're on a health kick, the Greek salad with chicken is a healthy, but satisfying option.
We had two gyro's and a chicken hummus. The gyros were great - both in taste and value priced. Their tzatziki had great favor but was a little on the thin side, I prefer a thicker sauce. The chicken was well cooked but the hummus was bland. Overall, I'll go back to try more items and have another gyro.
YUM.
Good food, Good prices
Food here is great I'm from Chicago and there beef is better than Al's Beef
I've only had the Gyro and salad here but it is done so well that I cannot think of anything else to get, I stand at the line and look at other options knowing I should make that attempt to go outside my norm but the pita always wins. Great Gyro, large portions of lamb, a must stop when you are in the area. So this ratings is for the Gyro and Sald only.
First things first, they are not Greek. Ok I too have given this place more than one chance. First visit was ok. Met the owner and was excited they were there. I work in the area. 

Second visit I encouraged other employees to try the food. I called and asked if we could give them our order the day before so it would be ready before lunch crowd. No?. One of the rude girls there said no you have to call the day of the pick up? So we called in our orders all nine of them as soon as they opened. When we got there we had to stand in line with people who were placing orders-12 of them. Ok our food sat there for over 30 minutes that we knew of.

Friday evening at 7:55 I called and asked what time they closed and one of those girls told me 9:00pm.  I drove 12 miles back to the area. When I arrived at 8:45 pm, I assume the same girl I had spoken with earlier said we decided to close early tonight. Thats enough for me.  The owner needs to send his girls to charm school and they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
The food is good but the service is horrible I had my oder messed up so many times that I stopped going. The owner needs to teach his girls  some people skills as they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
Service was fast since the place wasn't busy.  The gyros was amazing (probably the best in the valley). I also had the hummus and pita bread as an appetizer and it was traditional Middle Eastern food...again delicious.
Just went here for lunch and this place rocks. the meat was soooo GOOD and they had some of the softest & freash Fata cheese i have ever had!
I like the food, especially the Gyro meat with tzaziki sauce This place is really good. I'm not a fan of their fries though.
So I've been to this place twice and both times I've paid for things that I haven't gotten. The first time I went was with my mom and we decided just to eat there.  She ordered the gyros plate, which is supposed to come with a small Greek salad, tzatkiki, gyros meat and fries. We didn't get the salad or the tzatkiki but they seemed busy so we just let it go. I got the cilantro jalapeo hummus which had no flavor at all. I love hummus and I buy all kinds of it everywhere. This was NOT good. With my hummus I had roasted vegetables which tasted great! Was disappointed with their service overall. The cashier seemed clueless and had to ask the cooks about the menu. Our order also sat on the counter for about 10 minutes before the cashier realized it was ready, so it was also a little cold. 

The second time I went was today and decided I would call in the order because the food was cold last time. My boyfriend ordered the chicken gyro combo which, again, is supposed to come with a side. He wanted fries but when I got the food home there were none. So the ketchup I asked for also went to waste. Seriously so disappointing because the food is pretty good overall (minus that gross hummus). I got a Chicago hot dog which was really good although I was hoping for more than two tiny peppers. We also ordered a gyro salad for later. Asked for the dressing on the side, didn't get any dressing at all. What is the deal???

I don't know if its the ditzy counter girl or the cooks that keep messing this place up for me, but I won't be going back.
Gyro fully stuffed and sauce were GREAT! Couldn't even finish it.
Love their gyro pita w/fries. Friendly, quick service, good food. The only gripe I have -- they don't offer a hummus AND tubuli plate. Its 1 order of hummus for 5.00 & 1 order of tubuli for 5.00
Being a Chicago native, I have high expectations for anything that has Chicago written on it(ask Rosatti's)

Of course, I ordered the Chicago style dog.  Not bad!  Not 'slap yo' momma' good, but  until I find something better, which I will keep searching, this is a good start.
Every time I've been to Pita Heaven I have thoroughly enjoyed my chicken pita. Presentation is great and ready within minutes. The staff is friendly and the decor looks better and better every time I go in. Having a small non chain business is hard and I recognize the enhancements. Great work! I will be returning often :)
I really cannot rate the quality of the food as I never actually got my meal. After waiting for 25 minutes and asking numerous times if my order was still on its way, I was told that they did not know what happened to my order, but they were out of steak now. I opted for a refund as I had to return to work. My only suggestion, don't go there if there is a chance they will be busy.
Gyros look awesome $7.50 combo meal!
Awesome awesome place! I had heard such good reviews and it totally lived up to them! Definitely recommend! And the staff was sooooo awesome! Such great customer service for sure!
Always enjoy the gyros here, everything tastes fresh and the staff are friendly and helpful.
The food was ok. I thought it was expensive for lunch $8. I'd rather drive mile down the road and pay $2-3 less and have the same quality.
This place appears to be one step above fast-food.  You place your order, then sit down and they bring it to you in about 5-10 minutes.  The food appears to be fresh.

Their menu is interesting because it combines Greek/Mediterranean with "Chicago" foods.  Thus you can order shwarma or a gyro or a big fat burger or an Italian beef sub, etc.

We had their Mediterranean food.  Ordered was a Greek chicken salad, a shwarma plate, and a souvlaki plate.  All were very good.  The portions were good, the flavor was good, and it seemed very fresh.  The prices were reasonable, too.

I might have liked a bit more seasoning, but that's really a minor nit-pick.  I might give only 3.5 stars for that, but since I can't, and since the food was hot and fresh, I'll round this review UP to 4 stars.  

For what this place is they are very good.  For a quick meal that is hot, fresh, and not the usual fast food, this is a good choice.
Pita Heaven is literally my heaven. I have only ever eaten the chicago gyros, but they are d.i.v.i.ne. The perfect mix of grease + quality lamb. I have been to other places where the gyros seem to be a little too roasted, or seasoned, or "quality," but the lamb here did not taste like anything out of the ordinary. 

I often call in my order, and they have it ready within 5 minutes. THeir fountain drinks are also MASSIVE and STYROFOAM. 


The only reason I didn't give Pita Heaven 5 stars is because I am stingy with my 5's and have a hard time giving one to a "not-so-fast fast food" place. But between you and me, it is a 4.75.
The meat was excellent.  The pitas were soft and warm.  Only complaint was the hummus.  WAY to garlicky.  I love garlic but this was a bit too much for me.  Would still highly recommend...
Nice crisp salad with my Gyro. Loved the dressing!! Pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food and the great staff.
My hubby and I decided to try something new, so he suggested this place. Said a bunch of his co-workers go there and he always wanted to try. He had the philly cheesesteak with fries ..... very tasty and the fries were very good just a tad cold... I had the chicago gyro with a side greek salad.... soooooooo yummy the meat was seasoned just right and soooo much of it ... i had to give some to my hubsters :) 
very good and will be back .... extra plus is 2 miles from my house!!
They close at 8!!!! So mad. Food is good though so ill still rate high based
On that.
Had the 2 for $20 meals to go.  Chose the Gyro and Chicken Skewers.  You get a hummus, salad, entre and pita.  The food was hot and tasted good.  The restaurant is clean and the service friendly.  I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick bite to eat.  I wish they gave you more than 1 pita though, make sure you order an extra (if not 2).  Thank you Pita Heaven
good Gyros, ok fries. burgers are typical and good, but the cheese was awful!  i could definitely come back for the gyros. nice place! a good friendly service
This was my family's first time in. We spent 55 for a family of four. Showed up at 8:15..closes at 9. AFTER we paid and sat down we were told they only had rice for one plate.  Disappointment at that moment.  Food was okay..chicken somewhat bland. Would not go back.
Due to there being no option for zero stars I suppose 1 will have to do.  Don't waste your time or money on these scam artists.  The food is in no way close to heavenly and the staff there is rude and un-apologetic when you point out they screwed up your order.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
My co-workers and I come here 2-3 times a month. We absolutely love it.
Food was decent; flavorful. My son LOVED it here. Pricing is a little high however the "plates" are big! Will come back again
My wife and I stopped by for the very first time and the food was freakin' awesome! They also do catering which btw all 30 guests of ours absolutely loved it and kept saying and asking "this is so good, where is this from?"
At most places I order the same thing each time I go. Here I order something different each time. It never disappoints! The service is great and they don't seem to be bothered that sometimes it takes me literally 5-10 minutes to decide what I want. Next on my list to try will be the dolmada. That will be the true test!
Food is good...if they get your order correct which they rarely do any longer. Last time they forgot my tzatziki sauce on my gyro, are you kidding me??? Watch out for health violations, girls empty trash then wipe down tables and put together to go orders without washing hands. Used to love this place, really went downhill.
Pita Heaven has some delicious lamb gyros.  Get the combo because the fries are perfect and the cola goes well with the food.  Don't think, just go!

1 star deduction--price and the fact that it's not my favorite place in the entire world.
I stopped in for a yummy steak gyro lunch.  It was loaded with meat and the tzatziki was fresh and tasty.  The fries were pretty good, too.  I will be coming back to try more of the menu!
This place is good, but I've definitely had better. I got my usual Greek salad with gyro on top and it was mediocre at best. The dressing was yummy and the ingredients were fresh, but it was missing something I can't put my finger on. This place has no ambiance, but the staff is friendly and the prices aren't steep. 

Overall, if you're dying and need Greek now, might as well give this place a try. Not the best, not the worst, but it gets the job done.
I have had MUCH better..  I was very excited when I saw them open,  just down the street from my work and I was ready for some new Medi food.    When I got there,  there was only 2 people working,   took almost an hour total to get food.  I am always willing to wait for excellence but it was far from it..        Kabobs were not bad..   and the hummus was excellent actually..  but the RIce..  Im pretty sure it was Uncle Bens Minute Rice..  Not exactly what I was expecting from a Medi place.    Kind of bummed,  wont go back most likely..
Had a take-out lunch from here a few weeks ago (beef shawerma) and although it took far too long to prepare, the sandwich was pretty tasty. Took my family to dinner here recently and the chicken shawerma and the gyro plate were quite good and very reasonably priced. Service, though, was uncertain and slow. I'm pleased to see them in the neighborhood and hope that they stick around. Whether they can do so depends, I suspect, on whether they can get their service issues addressed.
Excellent Gyros.  Best I have ever eaten. I will be back!
Outstanding Middles Eastern Food...Plain & Simple.

Omar is my favorite server as he is as friendly and energetic as they come.  The food will take a little bit longer to come out then a "corporate" joint where the food is cooked by monkeys.  So be patient and you will be rewarded.

On this recent visit we enjoyed the chicken schwarma plate and the kebab sampler aka The Ali Baba Plate.  Lamb is delicious and on the mild side....full of flavor yet more subtle to accommodate american taste buds.

On the way out we picked up fresh pita bread and some Afghanistan style flat bread, which made excellent pizza's the next day.

I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Omar is the best!!
Yum!!! Good quality, good prices!! A family owned restaurant with great service, I would definitely come back!
My favorite Mediterranean restaurant BY FAR!

not ONLY is the food excellent, but the service is absolutely oustanding. Everyone is so personable and friendly. They make you feel so welcome! Amera, is excellent. She is so wonderful to interract with! And always reassures me on my order.

 I am a huge lover of hummus and very picky about it, and they have the best hummus I've had. Their beef shawerma is so juicy and tender. I also usually dont like lamb, but theirs is so good! WAY TO GO ALI BABA for making like lamb! i cant wait to try the ENTIRE menu. Yummy!

ALSO, the place is so clean!! BIG PLUS!! 

I'd recommend this place to anyone! Go here for 5 star quality food!
Hidden gem in North Phoenix. Awesome falafel sandwich. Nice and crispy. The baklava is to die for. Can't wait to go back.
Two stars only because I'm compassionate. Lunch today using a Groupon- I live in Buckeye so if it wasn't for Groupon I would not go out of my way to give places way off the freeway corridor a shot unless I was in their neighborhood.  We were five miles from Ali Baba today so it was worth a try.  I was very disappointed.  The woman who works in the grocery next door was very personable, I went in there first looking for Zartar bread. She directed me to the bakery that doubles as the dining room.  The cases were sparse, but what was on display looked good.  The menu seemed promising.  My companion had the ubiquitous gyro with fries and a soft drink. I ordered the Ali Baba plate with an order of the yogurt/cucumber "salad" on the side, to eat with my entree much as a raita is eaten with Indian cuisine.

To mimic others, the service was ridiculously slow.  Whoever is working their line must not have professional food service experience, or the kitchen is set up to prepare food for only one table at a time.  I got the impression that they are understaffed, to put it conservatively.  When asked how I wished the meats on my platter prepared, I said I wanted the chicken cooked to 160 degrees but not cooked to death, and the lamb and kufta medium.  When the food was finally served, the meats had been removed from the skewers.  There were four one inch cubes of chicken, four one inch cubes of lamb, and a six inch by one inch by quarter inch high strip of kofta (seasoned ground beef that is formed into oblongs or flatted out on a flat skewer and cooked over a grill.  All the meat was dried out and way overcooked, and I mean way overcooked.  I know that the middle east is not homogenous, and recipes vary, but I wish the kufta was seasoned more robustly with the spices that are found in Egyptian kofta. The seasoning was rather one note. The rice was cooked to perfection and had a good flavor, and there were some middle eastern pickles like strips of turnip pickled in beet juice, a pepperoncini, and cherry pepper slices.  Bread is only served upon request; a nod to our American carb conscious diet, but kind of weird for a middle eastern restaurant.  My experience in the middle east was one where there were huge slabs of bread served with everything.  My yogurt and cucumber salad with mint was amenable, I could have done without the olive oil dripped on top because it was a bitter olive oil, not fruity.

So, because of the Groupon, the way I look at it is that my entree cost five bucks instead of 15, excluding my cucumber yogurt salad.  I wasn't cheap with the tip, the bill before the discount was twenty six dollars and change and I tipped $5.80.  I don't hold servers responsible for kitchen mistakes, at least not in an environment where the servers don't have any power to change the speed at which the food comes out.

The worst of it all is that instead of finding a place not too far from home where I can find all my favorite items from the middle east, I found a place that I can't justify the drive to visit in order to give them a second chance.  It's too bad, some of the best food I have ever eaten has been at deli bakerys that put up a few tables in the corner.

So, guess I have to wait until the next time I fly back east and then hit the Reading Terminal Market in Philly if I want perfectly cooked kufta, kebabs, and chicken.
Bummer...............
Enjoyed the food very much and the price is great. The staff are very helpful. Must try their freshly baked bread!!
Shwarma Paradise

Omar is just an Outstanding cook and partner in this delightful joint.

It pains me to read some of the latest reviews especially those from Buckeye AZ that fancy themselves as "experts" of Middle Eastern cuisine....

This place rocks....it is ALL-Great food.

If you are a neurotic debutante masquerading around town as Anthony Bourdain then please spare us your narcissistic Groupon fueled diatribes and just eat else where...preferably in Gaza!!!

Take your time and come enjoy a slow paced extraordinarily rewarding meal.
This place is a fantastic find for Middle Eastern food! Our group of 12, 9 adults and 3 children, all left wholly satisfied. Not only is the food delicious and flavorful, the customer service is outstanding! Granted, our drinks weren't filled as quickly as we'd hoped, and the apps could have been a lil speedier, but they are a lovely family owned business who take care of everything. They are so welcoming and accommodating to your wants and needs, and immensely patient with questions, and just kind, sweet and pleasurable people that I would forgive them of just about anything, and return time and time again. 

Omar is just the star of this place. He put together 4 tables for our group. I called a few minutes ahead to warn them, haha. He introduced himself, told us some of his family's and the restaurant's history, brewed some fresh Turkish tea for us, and just made it clear he could help us with anything- and that he would also be cooking our meals. :)

Because we had such a large group, I really got to sample practically the entire menu! My favorite items were the chicken shawerma sandwich, the falafel (best I ever had) and the rice (made with a bit of saffron and cardamom, and was truly perfection). The Ali Baba sauce is not to be missed- think ranch with a middle eastern twist, and the hummus was a clear winner also. Because my chicken kebabs were a tad dry (still flavorful), I would likely opt for the chicken shawerma next time. The beef shawerma was nice and tender as well. Some people had seasoned fries with their meals, and they were delish. Kids (and adults) would be pleased with this non-middle eastern option. Tasty! 

Their prices are extremely reasonable, they have a bakery store right next door, and they use only the freshest of meats. On top of which, as I said, the customer service can't be beat, and the food is prepared with care and passion. Don't miss the rice and falafel, people. Go in with a little bit of patience, and you can bet you'll be rewarded!
I was excited about the prospect of Ali Baba's. It's owned by the same folks who run Open Sesame Market, right next door. The market sells great products so I figured they should serve them well too. However that's not the case.

We ordered the lamb kebab and beef shawarma plates, the appetizer trio (choice of humus or babaganouj, falafel and dolmas) and fries. The fries were underdone and over seasoned. The lamb and beef were seasoned fairly well but were overdone. The dolmas were bland, the falafel was pretty tasty but, get this...no humus or babaganouj. They ran out! I'd go back to a joint just for the humus if it was good enough. You can't run a middle Eastern restaurant and run out of humus, it simply isn't done. The food is dirt cheap, I can give them that, and the service was excellent. Those were the only bright spots of the experience.

I definitely recommend a visit to Open Sesame Market but if you're hungry do yourself a favor, head across the street and hit up J.T. Gryos. He sources his stuff from Kronos Foods, but Kronos ain't bad at all and J.T. really knows how to slang it.
Do not go here of you want fast service. Or any service, really. It's a shame because their food is amazing. But it's hard to enjoy when they literally disappear for your entire meal. I think there is one person running the whole place, including cooking. I've seen people walk on and wait for 10 minutes at the front and leave when no one comes out of the kitchen the entire time. I called ahead to get food to go. I asked for 3 dishes. When she told me it would be 45 minutes, I quickly said nevermind and that I wanted to cancel the order because I needed to pick it up sooner than that. She said - ok, we'll have it ready in 15 or 20 minutes. Fine. So I arrive. Nobody at the counter. Ring the bell. 5 minutes later, someone comes out, delivers food to the one table. Walks right past me back to the kitchen. What the heck!? So I ring the bell again. It's been 20 minutes since I called. He says it's not ready, and I pay. 45 minutes into it, my food comes out. I have to ask for extra rice because they forgot. Total bill was $33 for 3 dishes that I waited 50 minutes for. The portions are usually big -- this was 1/2 a to-go styrofoam container full. Not enough to fill a plate. I took pictures so I could show the owner when I drive past again. Absolutely insane!
I'm not sure why some people priced this $$ instead of $, because this is one of the most inexpensive restaurants I've ever eaten at. And the quality was great! I've eaten at other Mediterranean or Middle Eastern restaurants; Ali Baba tops them! The hummus came with a generous covering of olive oil that gave it a nice flavor, and the pita was the best I've ever had. I ordered the chicken shawerma and it was only $4.99!! All the sandwiches are similarly priced and the plates are only around $7-8. Portions were very generous; couldn't finish off the shawerma. 

The restaurant is also elegantly decorated in Arab styles; it's not tacky or bland.

Great dining experience. Highly recommended!
My Nephew dared me to open up an account on Yelp and write a review because I loved this little restaurant so much.  So here goes, my first review.  We found out about his restaurant because we were in the sister Halal Meat Market doing a little shopping.  The girl at the counter highly recommended the restaurant next door if we were interested in eating out for dinner.  We took up her on the offer and arrived just before 9pm.  There were already a few people finishing up dinner.  First we ordered the Baba ghanoush for the appetizer.  It arrived fast enough with freshly baked Pita Bread on the side.  The Baba ghanoush was excellent.  Very Fresh and home made taste with just a bit of spice.  The bread was chewy and warm and was the perfect compliment to the acidity of the Eggplant and the olive and spices.  The Main Dish was a Chicken  Shawarma Plate.  It consisted of sliced pieces of Chicken,  Rice, picked middle eastern vegtibles, and some yogurt on the side.  The Chicken was very flavorful and moist.  I would expect the meat to be fresh and good because the Butcher is right next door.    I loved the picked Vegetable that accompanied the Chicken, it set off a nice balance to the spiciness of the meat.  The rice was perfectly made  and the dish as a whole was quite tasty.  If you need some more spice, ask for a side of chili sauce.  I'm not sure what it was, a mixture of sriracha sauce and something else perhaps.  What ever it was, it was very complimentary to the main dish.  I also ordered a side Middle Eastern Salad.  It was very tasty but I probably would recommend that they add some more olives and other pickled veggies as it seemed a little lacking with lettuce and salad dressing the main component of the salad.   When the bill came, I was so surprised how a great fresh meal for two was so cheap.  Appetizer, Salad, main course and drinks all for under 30 bucks.  Unbelievable!!  I've eaten a lot of Gyro/Shawarma places all over the world and Ali Baba's come up right there with some of the finest places I have tried.  The food is super fresh and the prices are very reasonable.
This place earned some serious yum points. I came here on a Friday night around 6:30- only one other couple was seated. We ordered the hummus, which came with warm pita and my mind was blown. For my dish I ordered the falafel sandwich. I LOVED it! I had the hardest time finding a good falafel here in AZ-it is now found! The fries were amazing too! :) My boyfriend ordered chicken shwarma (I had serious plate envy) which was absolutely delicious! The chicken was so tender!!! 

I see a lot of complaints about slow service, but I thought service was a good speed. I also had great conversation to keep me entertained, so who can complain? 

I would highly recommend Ali Baba's :)
Really good Middle Eastern food! My new go-to place when I crave lamb - they know how to grill it right! I also enjoyed their dolma, which surprised me because before this I have not been a fan of stuffed grape leaves. The prices are so easy on the budget (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/mw7jP7__P7sFk6OjDr8pog/l.jpg), which makes this place even more enticing (thumbs my nose at Haji-Baba in Tempe). It's definitely not fast food, but the wait is definitely worth it.
I went on a Thursday at around 6:00 PM.   I overlooked the fact I was the only patron there (MAJOR CLUE).     I ordered the falafel; they were out. (WTH, are you kidding me?)   I ordered the lamb kabob and was advised it would take 30 minutes to cook; I declined.  I ordered a gyro thinking that would be quick; it wasn't.  How long does it take to carve meat off a rotating spit?  15 minutes evidently...  Did I mention I was the only one there?  OK enough about the lack of service and the fact the staff/owners were outside smoking right by the entrance.  I don't know about you, but I hate second hand smoke as I am about to dine or right after.   Anyway,  I am saving the worst for last. 

The meat was so dry and salty as to be inedible.  I left most of it on the plate.  Honest to goodness, no exaggeration,  it was the worst gyro I have ever had.   I suspect it had been cooking for days or even weeks for all I know,  since all I got was the "toasted", dried-out pieces and none of the moist parts from the inside.  If you think I am kidding go and try it, but go to the grocery next store first.   I walked in, took a breath and almost got sick.  I walked out and went through the aforementioned "smoke-curtain" to what I thought was going to be a decent Middle Eastern dinner.   

For record,  I LOVE Middle-Eastern food and the associated smells.  For those of you that have rated this the place to go, I am glad you like it.   I hated it I mean REALLY hated it and will not go back unless I lose a bet.

For me, that place in Tempe (Haji-Baba)  is still the best, by far, but sadly it is too far for me to drive for just a meal.   For those of you in Tempe, I remain envious.
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Norm R.  This is a nice cafe with a friendly host and reasonable prices.  For this first visit, I had a Gyro Sandwich ($3.99) & a Side House Salad ($2.99).  Both were of good size.

The salad was very plain, consisting only of Romaine Lettuce, some cubes of tomato, & an oily dressing without much flavor.  The Gyro was ok, but I didn't think it was anywhere as good as the ones at Haji-Baba, for example, so for me Ali Baba's here is just ok among our Middle Eastern restaurant choices in the Valley.     :-)
We came across this restaurant on Groupon and thought we'd give it a try. The food was exceptional, the staff was friendly, and the prices were very reasonable. We will absolutely be back!
Text food, high quality. The Falafel sandwich is great! A real midetrian taste. The Sahwerma, checken and meat are tasty. The only disadvantage is the slow preparation for the food which is a result of the real home cooking they provide. The prices are not expensive nor cheap.
Very nice people, great food at great prices.  I would definitely go back again and again.
The people who run this restaurant and the store next door are wonderfully nice but the food at the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  I have tried it three times (I really like the family who runs it) and it is just too inconsistent and never great.  And like many others have said, the service can be slow and I get the feeling they don't take running a restaurant very seriously.  I am afraid of what the kitchen might look like.  I've never gotten ill or anything but the restaurant is so half-assed.   It really is a shame because this part of town really NEEDS a great middle eastern restaurant.  If you want great Greek (gyros and shawarma), try the place next to Best Buy that faces Lowes there on Thunderbird and the i-17.  They are consistently wonderful.
Good food. Nice waitstaff. Great tea. Service is a little slow, but the pita is amazing.
I was really happy to find such a wonderful restaurant nearby.  I took my family out for dinner on a Monday night.  After reading some of the good and bad reviews, I was prepared for either outcome.  I'm so glad we gave Ali Baba's a try.  Everything was home cooked and delicious.   The woman who served us was also the owner of the grocery next door and was very friendly and encouraged us to try some wonderful items on the menu.  When I mentioned I was a vegetarian, she also invited me to try a dish not on the menu that they had prepared for another customer that was very good.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for someone looking for a friendly environment and a good healthy fresh meal.
On a Friday night when I didn't know what to make for dinner, I dragged my husband and three kids to this local place.  The first thing my husband asked as we pulled up was "have you yelped this place?"  It's the end cap of a small strip mall and doesn't look like much from the outside or the inside, but it was a pleasant surprise for me.

To put this review in context this is a very inexpensive place to eat and my review is based on the comparison to other, similar restaurants and not any high end or national chain places.

Two other tables of single individuals were there when we arrived.  They each apparently knew the owners/staff and by the time we left they were all sitting together chatting.  I like that kind of vibe and I'm not sure why this place isn't more popular.  

The food was good.  We had hummus, fries, gyro, falafel sandwich, chicken kebab and chicken swarma.  I have no complaints about the speed of service or anything else.  For me, the real star of the meal was the baklava.  We tried three of their desserts including a truly outstanding traditional baklava.  I'll go back for that alone.  

With two apps, four entrees and three desserts, our tab was less than $50.  

Why the missing star?  A couple of little things.  aside from water, they only had soda - no lemonade or milk- which are my kids' favorites.  Unfortunately kids are picky eaters sometimes also.  The fries were a great bridge, but I would love to see a kids plate that is an intro to the food.  Perhaps the rice without seasoning combined with smaller cubes of chicken kebab, some hummus and bread, cucumbers, tomatoes and pickles (they loved the pickles!).  

Otherwise, this was a great little place.
We ended up coming here to eat on a Friday evening after discovering our favorite gyro place on 35th Ave & Bell had been shut down.  We had driven by many times and heard many reviews, so decided to try it.

The lady who greeted us was friendly and chatty and and took our orders immediately.  There was only one other table occupied.  We ordered the appetizer sampler which came with hummus (awesome!!) falafel (double awesome!!) and dolmas (amazing!!) along with warm pita.  A short time later our entrees came out; I had the lamb gyro with fries, my wife the chicken schwarma with fries and my daughter the beef schwarma with fries.  Everything was hot and fresh and very tasty. Then came the baklava!!  Huge slices of baklava that were to die for.  I have been stationed in the Middle East and this is as good as any food I have had overseas.  The owner spent a lot of time chatting with us; she really made us feel welcome, more as if we were at her home for a meal rather than in a retaurant.  We waddled out, and for all the food we ate it was $39.00.  Well worth the trip and I'll be back soon...
I absolutely love everything about Ali Baba... the food is amazing and the service is so personable.  The falafel is the best I have ever had, and I've worked at Greek and Lebanese restaurants.  The prices can NOT be beat for this quality of food.

Had a long talk with "Mom" when she happened to be there on one of my visits... she has so much pride in her recipes and it comes through with every bite!  Oh... save room for the baklava (made in house) and Turkish coffee!  Holy hell Batman!!
food was good, for person that grow up on this food its just ok
In Short:
Tasty Food - Low prices. 
Freshly made Soft Pita with Hummus. Cheap Gyro Sandwiches
Love their Lamb Platter.

Details:
This review is based on my visits to this place in late 2013.
Manytimes I call them up for take out. My regular order is Lamb Platter with Rice. On the side Hummus with Pita bread.

Pros
The lamb is perfectly made based on what you order. I mostly go for Well Done. Pita bread is always freshly made and soft. Hummus tastes great.
I've tried the Baklava here, but not as good as I expected.
The rates are very reasonable and you can have a full course within $15. 
There's only one guy who helps with orders and serving, and he's awesome with service. :)

Cons
I tried Dine In and Lunch, and it took a while for the food to reach me. That's when I've decided on Take outs. I had a bad experience once with partially cooked rice.
I've tried their Falafel, and they are on the crunchier side.(Little Extra Fried)

The Ambiance is good, you will find a few curtains covering some doorways. There are a few hangings and some mid eastern artwork to get the Authentic feel.
We decided to try a new Middle Easter restaurant last night and, as is always the case for us living in Goodyear, packed up the car for our own little Haj to this place light years away from suburbia.  Oh well:  if you can't deal with having to take a pilgrimage to eat in Phoenix, then don't move out to the middle of nowhere in the West Valley, right?

Actually, we were very happy we overcame our objections to taking out a second mortgage on the house to buy enough gas for the car and spent the 45 minutes one way to come to Ali Baba's.  Definitely worth the drive.

The other half decided to go with an order of baba ganoush as an appetizer and a chicken shwarma as his main dish; I chose a variety of appetizers as my main meal:  a combo plate, which came with dolmas, falafel and hummus; a side order of baba ganoush and one of labna.

Right off, we were delightfully surprised by the baba ganoush, which came to the table.  While most of the baba ganoushes I've had are either smooth like hummus or a little lumpy, this one had large chunks of eggplant in it and a pleasantly smoky taste.  Obviously, they must get a number of compliments about it, because while in the middle of my speech about how I've been to Middle Eastern restaurants all over the world and this baba ganoush was one of the best I've tasted, she was already thanking me out of anticipation  (or maybe she could tell I was on the cusp of launching a pompous pronouncement and thought she could cut me short before my speech took up all her time before closing time 3 hours away?!).

Speaking of 'chatty', as one of the reviewers stated in a review from 20 August 2013, I would not say the proprietor is 'chatty'.  She's from an area north of NYC -- though she hasn't lived there for more than 30 years -- and I would describe her as being "forthright" and "direct".  This might be a bit unnerving to a lot of people out west, who tend to be reserved and not gregarious with outright strangers; but this gregariousness is very typical of New Yorkers and can be quite charming and amusing to those familiar with it  (see?  I told you, I was pompous and chatty!).

The labna was also quite good and very creamy.  While thick, it seemed to melt in your mouth like smooth butter and I suspect that's the olive oil doing its job.  The big surprise for me, however, was the combo appetizer plate:  the dolmas were nothing to really talk about --- your standard, small and moist ones you can get out of a can (which may or may not be the case here, as they had a taste atypical of canned dolmas).  The prize for obviously-homemade dolmas still goes to The Golden Greek and Haji Baba, whose dolmas -- while distinctly different from one another -- are obviously made in-house and are very good.  The falafel were cute, small, muffin shaped and moist.  They did fall apart easily when you put fork to them even though they were moist; and I don't know what this means in terms of "falafel culture" (i.e., whether that's good or not).  The hummus was surprisingly thin and liquidy, which, considering how thick the labna and baba ganoush was, really surprised me.  Still, quite tasty.  All of this is served with copious amounts of bread, which I would NOT classify as pita (especially as the partner's chicken shwarma was on 'standard' pita).  This bread was almost like a 'double-pita':  thick, well toasted, crunchy.  Especially useful in scooping up the thick baba ganoush.  The size of the appetizer portions were quite large and thus very reasonably priced.

My partner assures me that the chicken shwarma was very good, with thick pieces of chicken and a sauce much better than at, say, Haji Baba, which we use as the Gold Standard against all Middle Eastern restaurants in the Valley.  How unfortunate, that this restaurant, which measures up very good against Haji Baba, and in some respects passes it, is as far away or further from us than Haji Baba in the East Valley!

At $1.99 per piece, the baklava is reasonably priced and the portions generous.  While not swimming in lemon juice and honey -- which, I admit, I'm partial to -- it is very moist.  We both found it to be very sweet, but, to be fair, we generally avoid sweet foods, so our opinion on that should be taken with ... a grain of sugar? ... whatever.  The strong Turkish coffee does offset that sweetness.

The only 'negative' in this whole review is the lighting.  Like many restaurants in the Valley, this one is in an office in a strip mall, which was never designed to be a restaurant.  Thus, it has the 'standard' tiled ceiling with fluorescent lights.  It is obvious by the decoration in the restaurant, sparse as it is, that a lot of effort was taken to give the atmosphere a Middle Eastern ambience and to overcome the harshness and inhospitable feeling of being in an office.  Unfortunately, the fluorescent lighting, while no doubt efficient, casts a pale, bright light over everything and this overwhelms what is otherwise very nice decor.
Ran into this place by accident but because I lived in the Middle East for 5 years thought we would give it a try.  Lady up front was very personable and funny.  We had falafel sandwichs and the arabic chicken shawarma with sides of hummus and babaganouj.  The falafels were fresh and very good (ask for extra sauce on the side). The babaganouj was good too but the pita bread was just okay. Seems to be different pita than what was used for the falfel sandwiches? Any way, the hummus was good too but perhaps a little more lemon than I like.  I prefer more garlic (personal thing). The real winner of the day was the arabic chicken shawarma!  Fresh, tasty, tender and the sauce was fantastic!  Server told me they use a different bread than pita on the arabic shawarma. Tasted most like the ones I had been missing from the Middle East and the best I have had since moving back to the U.S.  Going back?   Oh yeah!
Great family atmosphere, food is tasty and fresh. Everyone is so genuine and so personable. I come here with my family and I'm never disappointed. Their cucumber dip is to die for.
This place has very delicious food and that is very fresh! Great service and inexpensive. Love this place!
Awesome food for such a low price.. Great service as well. My regular lunch joint now!
Don't be fooled by its location in a tiny strip mall. This is an amazing Mediterranean restaurant at a very reasonable price. The shawerma fries were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G, but be aware, the portion is very large so prep your appetite! Their pitas are freshly baked and hummus home made, so that is another must have when you go there.

It may be a tad bit quiet on the weekdays for lunch but believe me they don't skimp on the quality even when there are not as many customers. This place is a hidden treasure and deserves to be discovered by all those who loves good Mediterranean food.
W e showed up at 1105 and they opened at 1100. my wife ordered the gyro sandwich. I ordered the Ali Baba combo with the three different kabobs One lamb, beef, and chicken. I try to order the lamb kabobs everywhere I go. I am not much of a gyro eater. so after ordering my waiter comes back to tell me none of the kabobs are prepared since THEY JUST OPENED. so in the end I am stuck eating a gyro since that's all that seems to be able to be cooked. So never show up when they open unless you want a gyro. MAYBE THEY SHOULD SHOW UP BEFORE 11 AM TO PREP FOOD SO THEY DO NOT ANGER THE CUSTOMERS. As far as I am concerned I should have gone elsewhere. The Gyro sandwich is plain, a child's portion of meat, and sauce tastes like it's mayo based. The food that was able to be cooked is well below adverage. I have eaten at a minimum of 200 Mediterranean style restaurants since I work all over the USA. The fact that I could only order a subpar gyro for lunch is why the 1 star. We Will Never Return.
The food here is so good, I'm honestly surprised it's not much busier. The tahini sauce...I'm so in love with the tahini sauce...definitely try the Appetizer Trio and douse the falafel in that sauce. 

I also recommend the lamb kabob sandwich and the combo platter.
The food here is pretty good. The place is somewhat inexpensive and was tasty.  There was such a large variety of food that it seemed difficult to pick which food to pick. If you don't know which food to pick, try there shawerma fries or ask for some recommendations.
Weekly, we order freshly baked bread here to go which is reasonably priced. The bread is incredibly delicious, soft and melts in your mouth. It's basically a type of flat-bread (aka "Big Chipati"). All their desserts are also reasonably priced and equally fantastic. The service is excellent and the place is very clean. No complaints.
Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I came to this Palestinian bakery and restaurant for dinner after finding it on Yelp. The dcor consisted of tables spread across the room, decent lighting, and a large empty bakery counter with a few bags of homemade pita remaining.  We were the only customers in the restaurant the entire night, so there was not much to describe in terms of the atmosphere.

The Hummus with Pita ($3.99) came with blended chickpea, tahini, lemon, garlic, tomato, olives, and pickled veggies. The Hummus was excellent, as the smooth chickpea and tahini stood out to follow the sharp garlic and lemony backdrop. All the sharp flavors worked in concert with their warm homemade pita bread. The bread was thick, soft, spongy, highly addictive, and served piping hot. It was so good that I can imagine eating this pita bread all day long and not get tired of it. It was a fantastic option for the price.

The Ali Baba Combo ($14.99) came with three skewers of lamb, kufta, chicken kabob, pickled veggies, and basmati rice. The meat was wonderfully seasoned, cooked evenly, and tender with a few chewy spots here and there. All the skewers were tremendously flavorful, with the chicken breast kabob that became the highlight. I recommend it.

The Chicken Sharwerma Sandwich ($4.99) came with seasoned chicken, piping hot pita, tomatoes, pickles, and "Ali Baba" sauce. The chicken again was tender with full-on flavor. One of the reviewers mentioned that the sauce was mayo based, but the combination was still worthwhile for the price. 

Prices were fantastic but I'm giving this place a lower rating because the food took an hour to arrive. Additionally, service and ambiance were lacking, as there was very little warmth or acknowledgement of our needs while we waited for the food to arrive. It was a one-man operation with another person sitting there reading newspaper the entire time. Despite it all, the food was wonderfully delicious. Our experience suggests that this place might be more appropriate for lunch than dinner. I'd be interested in coming back to try their Arabic-style Shawerma.
This is a small place near Sahara & Fort Apache. The owner is the chef / cook.

Falafel is made to order. I love falafel and these were very good.
The hummus is freshly made, very creamy and several flavors were available.

Enough food to take home for a later meal. There were several types of baklava but I was too full to try them this time.
What a refreshing place to dine. Got a coupon from Living Social and decided to check it out. The owner was really nice, and the food was prepared fresh while we waited. It was amazingly good. We have eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants, and usually pricey ones at that, and they couldn't beat the food we were served here. Very good and very very inexpensive. For under $20 we left stuffed and will an entire box of leftovers for lunch the next day!
I can't believe I live this close and we have never been here. 
Price, Value and selection; nobody even comes close. 

FYI when you order the Hummus- one plate is good enough for 2-3 people. 
Comparing: 
-the hummus is better than at Sammy's woodfire pizza (which is okay to get my fix) and ALI Babba in San Diego. 
-the bread is more generous here but Sammy's is better. 

I have ate at alot of Arabic restaurants. So I used the places that have I like best to compare it too. 
The Tabouli- is OFF THE CHAIN- so good. Which is just opposite to Palms casino buffet which carries alot of Arabic food that borders lines offensive and is gross.
I was getting home sick for my mom's cooking even though she is Filipino she can make some awesome middle eastern food! She was taught by my grandmother who I never had the pleasure of meeting but her spirit lives on through my mom's cooking! 

The food at the Hummus Bar matches my mom's home cooked meals which I was really excited about. I had the Red Pepper Hummus ($7.95) and opted for the spicy version. My husband had the Hummus with Chicken Breast ($9.95). I liked the consistency of the hummus which was smoother than Sammy's Woodfire Pizza 's Hummus which is on the gritty side. They serve the hummus with warm pita bread. The pita bread was fluffier and softer than the type you get at the store. The chicken that came with my husband's plate was flavorful but carnivores beware there isn't a lot of meat served with this dish. 

We also had the Tabouli ($2.95) which had a nice zesty flavor to it. I showed my husband the difference between fresh Tabouli and sad Tabouli. The Hummus Bar 's version had nice green leaves which were not wilted compared to the Palms Tabouli that they serve in their buffet . The Palms Tabouli is a dark murky green from sitting out too long and it is very salty! 

The food here was more than enough for 3 people so we took the rest home for tomorrow's lunch. The food is good quality and very fresh! Now if I can only find a good Filipino food place besides Jolly-bee close by then I would be all set!
Best hummus in town!!!!!!! The pita is soft and tastes great too!! The owner is very friendly and takes great pride in his food too! I will definately return!!!
For some reason every middle easter restaurant in Vegas is really really overpriced EXCEPT FOR THIS ONE.  We just ate here and honestly it tastes just like the places in Israel.  The cook is amazing and the food is made fresh and with lots of care. 

I highly recommend this place.
Every time I think of hummus I think of Bruno confusing it with Hamas. This happens often as hummus has become one of my favorite foods. 

Naturally I had to try a place that highlights something that is usually just a "sauce". 

The BF and I shared: 

Baba ganoush ($5.95) they serve you a bowl full. It's creamier than most and more yogurt like. It has a good smoky flavor though and good little bites of eggplant. 

Hummus, salad, falafel, drink combo ($9.95)- The hummus is good here; it's a smooth and creamy consistency with good flavor. The salad it comes with is cucumber,tomato, onion salad simply dressed with lemon and olive oil. They give you small falafel that is light and crunchy.  I prefer a softer, denser lightly crunchy ball. 

The pita accompany it is fluffy and great. They offer a "free salad bar" and it's not what I think when I hear that word. It's more accompaniments than dinner salad. It was more like pickled carrots, pickled spicy cauliflower, red cabbage slaw, radishes, hot sauce, stewed tomatoes making up the spread. Everything was fresh, homemade tasting and went well with the baba and hummus. 

The portions were generous since we took home enough for a snack later.

There are trays of sweets so we were curious to try some. I ended up getting a orange blossom water infused baklava square and the BF got one that was plain with a cherry on top. The chef (presumably owner) gave us a bag of little crunchy balls covered in the same type of syrup as the baklava. Everything was pretty good, but small. It was $1.99 for a two bite piece so while the meal is a deal of a price the desserts aren't.

It's a basic little place and the staff was pretty nice. One interesting plus is there is a sink outside the bathroom for washing hands. 

I think if you are seeking a fresh meal this is a great spot.
Da Spot!
I tried many middle eastern restaurants in Vegas... those ones that charge you 6.99 for a side of hummus only to find out you get a 2 ouncer... This is a prime location that serves PREMIUM Hummus dishes!

much like they serve in Israel!! 

you must give it a try, and be careful, you will fall in love - only this time, love wont hurt it'll be rich and creamy :P
Initially, I was trying to find the Panini Cafe but walked into the hummus bar instead, since I was not minding the signs. But nonetheless, I'm soo happy I did, no offense to the panini cafe. The woman and man working behind the counter were so welcoming and even gave me a free sweet dessert. Hummus was amazing and I got a bug bowl of lentil soup for only $2.95! Nice warm and fluffy pita bread was served along side the hummus which I smothered it with.  I got the dish that came with felafel balls (6) and hummus, which was a big portion for two, i think, considering I only could finish half of it

On another occasion, I ordered their hummus with onion and mushroom, which also comes with about 3 fluffy pieces of pita bread but I asked for extra, where they gave me 2 more but charged me $1 extra ;(.  It was just as good as the other dish I had and essentially the same but with onions and mushroom mix in.

The place is extremely small where I counted, I think, 5 tables or so. I really don't recommend bringing a big group in here, but take out is always a good option. They also had patio seating which is a nice option when the weather permits it.  Other than that, if you are looking for the panini cafe, its next door.  I was happy to come in here because it was pretty low key and I didn't really want to sit in a restaurant type place by my lonesome.  So thanks hummus bar for unknowingly luring me in.
I was going to take hubby out to a pizza place last night.  When I checked yelp again to confirm directions, my eye noticed a NEW REVIEW NEAR YOU.  Yup, Hummus Bar.  Cool.  Let's go there instead!

The interior is nothing spectacular and the menu is small, both good signs to me (i.e., the focus is - hopefully! - on the food).  We ordered the hummus and falafel combo and the hummus-2 skewers-in a pita combo.  Both were fantastic and made to order using very fresh ingredients.  Smooth, creamy hummus, crunchy-on-the-outside falafel, and lots of fresh veggies in the pita sandwich.  As other reviewers have stated, there is a small salad bar that features traditional Israeli salads.  Most of them were on the spicy side (reminiscent in a way of kimchi, to me) and all were flavourful.

The chef appeared a bit surly at first, all no-nonsense and what-do-you-want-already, but after telling him it was our first time there and that we really liked our meal, he seemed to open up.  Our chef told us that the Hummus Bar has only been open for about 7 months (he's been cooking all his life, however).  Also, he is passionate about food quality; he said that "other places use chicken that smells funny".....he goes several steps further and washes his chicken with vinegar and lemon juice to "make sure they are clean and good.  You will see my chicken breasts are not tough, yes?"  Yes.

Chef also convinced us to try the "cold dessert"....I asked him what it was called, to which he responded "cold dessert."  :)  It was quite good: a spongy cake soaked in a rum sauce (I think) topped with whipped cream and a cherry.  Hubby ate most of it, as I was stuffed.

Portions are large, prices are reasonable enough, and service is fine, although you may want to engage the chef in food talk to really get him smiling.  We'll come here again soon to try the other types of hummus.
The hummus is amazing! It is made fresh when you order it.  The falafel is also made fresh to order and is very light!!! The cilantro hummus is my fave! The best part is the relish bar. Amazing little salads. I even had a work party catered by them.  The price was very reasonable and everyone enjoyed the food- especially the honey balls. Please ask the owner/chef how he prepares the chicken. It's a Long process which makes the chicken so tender.
My husband and I had lunch here today and what a delight. Everything is made fresh.  We had chicken and beef with humus and tabouli. .  My husband had a garlic concoction that the owner made   Absolutely great They make their own pita bread  Excellent. And the desserts were yummy.  Can't wait to go back
We checked out the Hummus Bar back in August courtesy of our LivingSocial coupon and I was hesitant to write the very first review.  It wasn't even on Yelp yet!  I think it's about time.

I ordered the hummus with falafels.  First off, the hummus was  really good - it was smooth, creamy, and tasty.  So very tasty.  My mistake was getting the falafels.  It came with an order of five and a dipping sauce.  I'm no falafel expert, but I've had my share of freshly made falafels and this was far from it.  It was dried out, possibly frozen even!  I was horrified!  But, I should have known better because this place is called the Hummus Bar after all and not the Falafel Bar.  So, stick with the hummus! It came with a cucumber, tomato and onion salad too, which was fresh.  They momentarily forgot about my pita bread, and I was stuck wondering how the heck I was going to eat my hummus.

The Husband got a some skewered meat in a pita, which he thought was just okay as well.  He admitted that he should have stuck with the hummus too.

The free accompaniments were a nice addition, you just help yourself to the pickled goodies.

The additional sink outside the restroom is also helpful!

Service - a few yelpers mention how friendly the staff were and we quite didn't get that impression when we went.  Actually, the Husband mentioned how cold and indifferent the staff were to us, and I would have to agree.

Overall, I went when they first opened and I think they probably have improved since then.  It looks like they may be related to the Panini Cafe next door that's more of a sit down restaurant.  The Hummus Bar is a very casual space.  I'd go back...just for the hummus of course!
The food's excellent but watch out for the cans of soda at $1.75 ea.  The owner/chef provided our group of 3 with a free sample of one of their desserts and it was also awesome.
I've frequented almost all the Middle Eastern restaurants in Vegas and I have to say that Hummus Bar has the best hummus of them all.  Sababa is a close second.  The consistency is like a thick and creamy cake batter.  Fan-freaking-tastic!  This is one place to try for sure if you love hummus!
sadly I went there today to try it out and it was closed and the # is disconnected.
Talk about bang for your buck! I've now been to Sinbad's twice, and both times I left stuffed to the gills, and eagerly awaiting my next visit, and thinking about what I'll order when I return. 

The menu has all the standard Middle Eastern staples; the clientele in my two visits has been almost exclusively Arabic-speaking; the location is "hole-in-the-wall." The entrees are big enough to share, and are served with free appetizers of hummus, Arabic pickles, and jajeek.

All in all, worth the drive to the West side.
I went there today for lunch with a coworker, not sure of what we would be walking into.  The strip mall is pretty sketchy and the seating is extremely limited. It took a few minutes to be served (which was difficult because we were hungry and they had great smells coming from the kitchen), and we had some communication issues, but the staff was very friendly. I ordered the gyros, and was provided with free hummus, bread, pickled beets/cabbage, and a cucumber dressing (like tzatziki?) all of which were extremely tasty.  My gyro was extremely flavorful, and served on a warm pita (not to mention, super cheap!).  I will definitely be back.
I felt like I was teleported back to the Middle East for a bit.

When you walk into Sinbad's it doesn't take a Middle-Easterner to realize that this is an authentic, family-run joint.  It smells good and they are making fresh bread even in the midst of lunch time.  

I ordered the special: two Gyro's for $5.  Trust me, I know Gyro's are Greek (typically referred to as Shawarma's in Arabic and made with Arabic pita's instead of Greek ones), but that's how they advertised and made them.  However, they had plenty of options available in Arabic jargon and fresh pitas for sale too.  The interior is very basic, with simple tables next to an open kitchen and Arabic televison playing in the background.  

The Gyro itself was pretty good.  It tasted fresh and came with plenty of fixings, but it was missing a bit more meat.  The service was a bit slow (but I lend that to the authenticity) and very cordial.  

I hope that this will not be my last time here and I put my stamp of approval on Sinbad's for the time being!
Nearly a buffet of free appetizers (tabbouleh, hummus, soup, fresh bread, tzatziki) come with any of their kabobs and $5 for two gyros which are delicious as they are large.  The three of us walked away with more food than we ate and spent $25 for pretty much a four course meal... Not to mention it was all completely delicious!  Don't let its hole-in-the wall looks fool you!  If you like greek/middle eastern food you are doing yourself a disservice by not eating here.
Food's decent - staff is generally friendly. The place is a little rough by US standards. Actually, it was a lot like places I went in the middle east in a number of ways. If you're squeamish about sparkling walls and counters, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're willing to overlook a bit to have some traditional middle east food, go for it - you should like it.
The food was wonderful; could have had better service; never offered drinks or took our order. I'm assuming their system is their own; order upfront and wait at a booth for your food.  I have had wonderful middle eastern food and that was in Alex, Egypt. Their service is just like ours and more; we sit and server will come to us, the norm for places that are called resturant.
I've been going to this place for years, and the food is awesome! the place isn't fancy and you have to serve your own drink but what the heck.... i always go with the sinbads combo, and every time it hits the spot!  the pitas and the bread is fresh made, brought hot to your table....   the owners are very nice its a family owned business
I'm a fan a most of their food, but their gyros are cheap, and unsatisfying. Their other food is quite good.
The food is good and authentic and since they are a locally and family owned place I think they deserve four stars. 
If you go there, don't expect a nice dine in experience. The location is not one of the best in Phoenix and the place is very small, hot, and not the best looking. I have been there twice now and both times we decided to take out. Prices are very reasonable and the food is made fresh.
2 Gyros for $5. Free soup, free bread!! I love this place. The meal portions are so generous!! The workers are so nice. Downside in a not so nice area and it has no air conditioner
Wow. Excellent food! Bread made in front if you. Portions the size of Texas! Come hungry! Prices are great too!
I've had more of their food, and I just love it. I also buy their fresh bread they make on site often.

Just skip the gyros. They make them so cheap to get people in, but their food is so good it ends up displaying their worst item.

The chicken tikka sandwhich is awesome. So many good items!
I ordered beef kebab , it came in three long strips without any sides and it was 13 dollars. Really ?? i had to pay 2 more dollars for rice to be added. The portion was way small for that money. The place is not for US standards, it is more like a place you would see in the middle east. The staff is great and helpful.
This place is on the Northwest corner of 35th and Glendale. Ever been to a "hole in the wall" place that had the most excellent food? this is that kind of place. I think the best description of the food here is authentic. They are working on a new restaurant right near the current one but for now, I recommend take out. The food is the best and service is friendly but the current location is a bit small and very warm.
I totally feel like Yelp let us down on this one. We've eaten LOTS of mediterranean food, and this wasn't anywhere close to the best. To the point that I was wondering if we were in the right place. The service was super friendly, almost to the point of being overbearing, and the 3 of us ordered about half the menu. Unfortunately, I liked maybe 1 thing. The schwarma with rice was insanely dry and bland, the tabbouleh tasted like it was mostly onions, the pickles had a really odd flavor (probably they were fermented), the hummus needed flavor, etc. The bread was good, but bland. Seriously, Mediterranean food is all about flavor, and this food had none.
That and the creepy movies playing on the tv in the back of the restaurant were enough to make me wonder what all of the other reviews are thinking. Seriously, go to Pita Kitchen in Avondale.
Sinbad's has moved its location to a larger, cooler spot. They are really evolving this restaurant and dinning in is now a pleasure. The food is just as delicious and authentic as ever.
Great food.  I love the fresh baked Bread here. The service is good and the new establishment much more nicer than the original location.  Food peons are very filing.  Most times I can't eat my whole meal.
This place was recommended by a colleague and I was in the area at a meeting. Decided to go in and take carry out.  Wow!  2 gyros sandwiches for $5 and 2 whole rotisserie chickens for $11.99!  Then you can get a big container of humice for only $3.99 and the BEST homemade pita I have EVER had and you can watch them make it through a window!  Check this place out! People were coming in and buying big stacks of the homemade pita to take home and I can see why! The people were really nice and proud of their food. I will be frequenting this great little new gem on Glendale Ave!
New building is incredible, significantly improved. food is still amazing, it is now a place I would take people to, and not feel odd about how dirty, hot and cramped it is.

A real gem now!
Gyros King is located in Chandler Fashion Mall in the food court.  It replaced what used to be Hot Dog on a Stick there.  Prices range around 6.95-9.95 for an entree.  The ambiance is the mall pretty much.

I went here for lunch with a few friends today.  Another friend of mine was raving about the hummus there.  I went with a standard Gyros Sandwich + Side Salad + Drink for 6.95.  It was a great price.  The salad was large with olives, peppers, feta, and beets.  The dressing was a balsamic.  Out of all the greek restaurants I've been to in Chandler, I was shocked to find this place had such a good salad.  The beets were an unexpected surprise, and the dressing was tangy.  The gyros had salad and tomatoes topped with gyros meat and tzatziki sauce.  The pita bread was warm and there was a lot of meat.  I think a few more sliced onions could've made it spectacular, but it was better than a lot of sandwiches I've had elsewhere.

It wasn't 5 stars because the gyros could've used just a little bit of onions and maybe something else, but it was fantastic nonetheless.  It's my favorite greek spot in Chandler now to go to.
Had the taboule there. If it wasn't for me being as hungry as I was with little other options at the food court I would not have ate it. What was supposed to be bright green was bordering on brown. It resembled the color of canned spinach! Of course it looked like they threw a handful of fresh herbs in there to make it appear fresher and to get away with extending the life of this salad that should have just been tossed!! I had an upset stomach for 2 days after eating here. Yuk..
as an employee at the chandler fashion center,  I am always looking for a good place for my lunch break.  Gyro King is delicious, well priced, and the staff are super!  Definately a new favorite!
An OASIS in mall-land!  I have no trouble walking past the current crop of chain food factories... only one has the decency to call itself a factory... as in the old spaghetti.

Here, on the outskirts of the dystopian food court of the Chandler Fashion Center, a small oasis of small-business pride and care, Gyro King!  Here you can enjoy fresh greek salad, generously adorned.  After walking a mile at 100 degrees from my middle nowhere ramada to get here (you want to know what's PRISTINE? -- sidewalks in Phoenix suburbs!), I may have been a little waxing-poetic about the salad, but hey, it's not FRENCH FRIES!

Tried the King's Gyro Combo - generous gyro with side salad and a drink for $6.95. Tasty.  Umm.  Couldn't resist sampling the hummus, I am an addict.  As PeeWee Herman would say, haha! c-rrr-eamy! 

The verdict, here in the court, is A-OK. Not going to dethrone my favorite mideast hideway in San Luis Obispo, Jaffa Cafe, but so welcome and somehow appropriate here in the sonoran desert.   One could quibble and niggle, but seriously, if you are in these parts and want something passing healthful, fresh and tasty, Gyro King it is.  Support independent, small business!  Just say no to Food Factories.
I came here and ordered a gyro with side salad and I really did like it! I love the taste of the gyro and the salad was different but in a good way.Pretty healthy I would have to say.
This is Greek fast food in a food court.  For what it is, it's fine.  The portions are reasonably large, and the taste is reasonably good.  They offer a dozen or so items, either as entrees or as part of "plates" (with sides).  They also have daily specials.

The "Greek fries" are just french fries with feta cheese on them.  Honestly, the feta was pretty weak.  Better just to get the regular fries if that's what you want.

Not great, but not bad.  A nice change of pace from Panda or Sbarro or other food court kings.
This was a typical mall foodcourt crap place. The two combo plates for $9.95 each was a waiste of money. The schwarma was dry and pulled out of a holding bin and thown on flat top to heat through. The combo plate had chicken and kefta kabob both dry burned on the ends and again pulled from a holding bin. The hummus was tastelss. This place has no redeamimg qualities even for a mall food court. Yuck
I have two other local Gyro places that would definitely put this place to shame. But for what it is - a Gyro place in the MALL FOOD COURT - it's actually pretty good. Portions and prices are reasonable and they have pretty much what you would expect as far as menu selection. 

Considering the other options, this place is a much needed alternative, so hit it up!
Just ok, tasted kinda funny, but just ok
This mall location was enjoyable: friendly gal, quick order made right in front of me, generous portions, good flavor, very filling... nice option in the mall food court if you're tired of the other chains.
Good food for the price!!!
I know its weird 5 stars for a mall restaurant but I have developed a love for this place.  I admit I have not tried the gyro even given the name.  I love the swarma. Love the humas.  Always super nice. Always fresh. And they have dietcoke.
The chicken salad and chicken pita are the absolute best I've had period. And Greek food is my favorite food. If I lived closer to this place I'd be forced to get a second job to afford eating there daily.
This being one of the healthier places where you can eat at Chandler Mall, it's as good as any Middle Eastern restaurant you'd find in a plaza. I had the falafel pita for about $6.50. An additional Greek salad with a drink is an extra $3.50. Not the most economical place to go for that Middle Eastern fix. Their falafel is big and flavorful. Their baklava is well priced at $1.75. The two ladies there (one was named Zina) were friendly and served me speedily with a smile. I even got to try out my Arabic with Zina, ha ha.
Nawroz is definitely worth a visit, particularly at lunchtime with their excellent 7 for two course, 10 for three courses deal.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed by Nawroz. It offered accurately prepared, well presented dishes, with good quality ingredients, for an extremely reasonable price. In fact, it was exactly what I expected I'd get from Illegal Jack's, the other day. Funnily enough, my bill in Jack's and the bill for the two of us, today, were almost exactly the same amount. I think we'll be back to visit Nawroz again soon, particularly as it fits the profile for one of our Sunday refuelling stops, very nicely."
This place which is BYOB has a deal for a set menu for 32 for two. You get masses of food and the ice cream is amazing. Definitely worth a visit!
I have been here multiple times for lunch, so I will talk about the lunch...

Tasty, reasonably-priced food that isn't heavy/greasy.  I recommend the 7 quid two couse lunch special with hummus (comes with a huge naan!), and a shawarma of some kind.  The trick with the shawarma is to spoon some of the sauce onto it between each bite...   mmm.  Then if you like, you can use the leftover hummus on the shawarma too if you got hummus as part of the two course special...

Anyways, the staff is friendly, the food excellent, and while the prices aren't the cheapest around, you get good value for your money, at least with the lunch.  Compared to the other choices in the immediate area, this is my favorite so far...
I must admit, I wasn't too sure about Nawroz at first, it just looked too big to really be that good. I know, really poor reasoning, eh, but that's how I roll. On the positive side, the idea of checking out Kurdish and Afghani cuisine was always going to win out over my initial misgivings, and indeed, it was a definite winner. 

The service was lovely and polite, the food outstandingly delicious. The sea bass, bar the bones acting like a jailer to the delicious fish flesh below, was just phenomenal. I had some mighty tasting courgettes (kulakeh) and lucky for me, the silent reviewer had lamb skewers which allowed him a vegetable side, which he picked to be tapsi, the other option I swithered about. The lamb was proclaimed to be tender and melting, the tapsi (aubergine dish) was perfect, and the naan light and crispy. Couldn't ask for anything more. I heart Nawroz, and will definitely return, hopefully soon, perhaps tonight if I can swing it :)
I have a short review on this because it concurs with the other reviews. I was very happy to went trying Kurdish Cuisine at Nawroz. The menu has many options to choose from and have a special charcoal grilled menu which at around 13pounds you get a big nam, rice (or salad); a good portion of meat and a free additional side plate. Since I am fan of Okra, I took that as a side portion and  they were cooked in really good slightly spice sauce, which you can add onto the rice.  The main point I wanted to put forward is that the food is cooked and spiced quite different from the 'European way' so you get a real experience that you are eating something different.

On the other hand, I have to say that the place do not sell any alcoholic drinks, but it did not effect me as I often taken water. However I made an exception and took Mango juice and was a very good. Between 4 and 5 stars I am giving 5 becasue the place is large, clean and the staff very friendly. We were served by a tall Czech waiter who was chatty and took good care of us.
Set the wayback machine to November of 2013.  I am on a two-week journey in Edinburgh for reasons unrelated to food.  However, being a food blogger, I made a point to have at least one restaurant experience each day for the purposes of my reviews.  I figured that considering the amount of walking I'd been doing, I shouldn't have had any problem keeping my weight down.  By the end of the two weeks, I had gained ten pounds.  I blame restaurants like Nawroz for that.
Is this a critical review?  Not in the slightest.  I'm only saying that with nearly every restaurant I've been in, I've never seen more generosity in service and portions than businesses specializing in Middle Eastern cuisine.  Okay, perhaps I would put them on a tie with the Greeks, but I would much prefer large portions of Middle Eastern cuisine than of Greek.
Yeah, I know, I'm going to get murdered for that one.  

I'm not saying that Middle Eastern cuisine is better than Greek cuisine.  I'm saying that Middle Eastern cuisine is...clearly better, how can anyone argue with that?  I've said that certain cuisines become gateways to other cuisines; they stimulate your culinary curiosity while others are gastronomic thunderdomes.  Which would I put in the latter category?  Obviously American and westernized Chinese.  Even sushi is starting to fall into that category.  But gateway cuisines?  Indian definitely, French and maybe Dutch to lesser degrees, they all open our minds to new ideas, leading to other possibilities.  From Indian, you may try Nepalese, Persian, or Moroccan.  Of course, if one is talking technicalities, these countries are only lines on a map, and when addressing nutritional anthropology, what you get are hundreds of tribes migrating through history across Africa and Asia, sharing their ideas and techniques. 
 
Comprehending that, suddenly calling a certain cuisine Indian makes no sense, as what classifies as Indian food is actually several different culinary methods which happen to occupy that region.  What classifies as Indian changes depending on where in India you are?  In fact, naming a cuisine not after a country but a people should be more appropriate.  Kurdish cuisine encompasses Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Turkey.  With that, there are quite a few foods which the average curioso will recognize.  You'll find falafels, humus, flatbreads, baklava, and shawarma.  So what should you do when given such variety?  You order it all.

Wait, what?  

Nawroz offers various dishes but one is a mixed collection of various starters.  So the five of us ended up getting large mixed plates of starters with only two mains, allowing us to share in the traditional Middle Eastern fashion.  You don't order a main and lift from it selfishly.  You order a mountainous bowl of food and open the plates of the table to share.  This is what you do.  Nawroz should be experienced each time as a gathering of friends and family.  Invent a celebration if you have to.  Someone's birthday?  A wedding?  Christmas (which they celebrate at Nawroz ironically), or how about the traditional Iranian new year...which is actually called Nawroz.  So the restaurant is named after one of the most boisterous events in all the Middle East; why wouldn't you take that opportunity?  It's like a restaurant that celebrates Christmas all year round.

The dcor is perfect with what it attempts to convey: culture and tradition with mild compromises to operate as a functional restaurant.  Red and black chairs over a tiled floor, raw brick on the walls with hanging rugs, tapestries, and paintings.  Various regional iconographies rest upon the bar.  I can feel the pride of the owners in their culture by the dcor of the restaurant and the quality of their food.  Even the hummus is molded into a fan, topped with olives.  The flatbread is fried, a new first and favorite.  The mixed starters ranged from contemporary to intimidating and I devoured each and every one.  Even though we had ordered mixed starters for five with only two mains, we couldn't squeeze another plate of food onto our table.  Everything was good and we still had dessert waiting for us--three types of baklava with Turkish delight.  
I'll reiterate my previous point.  The various cultures of the Middle East know how to make people welcome and this is reflected in their restaurants.  Their food is munificent, huge portions at reasonable prices.  With Shezan and Nawroz being so close to each other (walking distance) I know that any future domiciles in Edinburgh would have to be in close proximity to this region so when I entertain visitors, I always have a place to go.  I am happy that my small home town has a Persian restaurant--so at least my absence from this cuisine would be short.

DECOR:  9
PLATING: 8
SERVICE:  8
FOOD:  9
VALUE:  10

OVERALL:  8.8 out of 10
The newly opened sister restaurant to Hanam's, Pomegranate offers middle eastern cuisine in smart, fresh surroundings. It's open until 3am at the weekend, so I could see it developing a cult following, as a late night dining spot.

Overall, we said: "Pomegranate is a new restaurant, with all thrills and spills inherent in a new venture. Even though the guys running the show are experienced restaurateurs, they are not immune from the vicissitudes of fate and fortune. It certainly fills a new niche in terms of a late place in this neighbourhood, offering a different option from the more established fare, so I'm confident the business will thrive. I'm also sure that it will find me a regular visitor when then mood takes me. But I sincerely hope that the bedding-in process ups the quality and consistency of both the dishes and the service."
I've been looking forward to eating at Pomegranate since it opened, and finally got to pay it a visit this weekend. However, there's something not sitting quite right with me about my dining experience...the restaurant checklist in my head goes something like this:

Perfect location? Check! (top of Leith Walk, across from the Playhouse &Cinema!)
Good opening hours? Check! (open until 3am!)
Pretty Middle Eastern decor? Check! (Colourful glass lanterns galore!)
Delicious food? Check! (my stuffed vine leaves were fabulous, and the falafel   shawarma wrap was a tasty, good sized portion)
New discoveries? Check! (Pomegranate Ice Cream, creamy, smooth, delicate YUM!)
BYOB? Check! (and no corkage charge either!)
Excellent value? Check! (3 courses, including a tip worked out at 20 per person!)
Good service?....hmmm!
Great atmosphere?....erm!

My checklist grinds to a halt at this point!

Don't get me wrong, it was a nice enough place to come and eat, and I think it'd be a perfect weeknight / late night place to grab a bite to eat, but given we were on a birthday night out, it just didn't feel we were looked after enough to make it special.

I've been in many other BYOB restaurants where you're given ice buckets, and the waiting staff have still poured out your glasses of wine (and kept them topped up!), but here we were just left to fend for ourselves. I suppose we could have asked for ice buckets, and probably would have been given them...but that's not the point!

After sitting down we seemed to wait an age before we were given menus and our order was taken, although the food actually came quite quickly once we had ordered. After another long wait, we had to ask to see the dessert menu as they didn't seem too fussed about giving it to us. Further request for water to be topped up and the bill followed.

It certainly didn't have the same, lovely atmosphere that Hanams manages to achieve, but it was good food at a very reasonable price, and I'll certainly be back for more of that delicious Pomegranate ice cream. I just think I'll maybe give it a miss if I'm looking for a venue for the next special night out.
Lacks atmosphere despite good location & tasty food. Great choice if you're in a hurry.
Late night Meze. What more would you like to hear?

Oh that it's tasty? 

Yeah the food is good, maybe not *great* but it's pretty cheap. They stay open pretty late (3am I think!) and the food is cheap and cheerful. They also give you some tap water straight away, none of this asking for it nonsense. This kinda service pleases me!

I haven't tried a huge amount of their food but i've been back since going and I'm sure I'll go again!
Mmmm... A bit disappointed given my fabulous experience in its sister restaurant, Hanams. 

The menu is a lot smaller than Hanams' - basically made up of a number of hot and cold meat and vegetable meze and then a much smaller number of mains. This wasn't an issue in itself as my family and I went for a late Saturday lunch and didn't necessarily want anything too heavy but it might be an issue for dinner customers who don't like sharing. 

For 3 of us we opted for a set price 6 mezes for 2 people (you can pick what you want but only 2 meat) and 1 lamb main as it sounded lovely and we felt greedy. All in all the mezes were ok. Tasty, and to be fair we did eat everything, but not up to the same high standards as its sister restaurant. The waiter highly recommended the marinated chicken wings as an alternative to a lamb and rice parcel i picked but they didn't have but these were pretty forgettable and a bit 'plain' really.  The much anticipated marinated slices of lamb and rice (i asked for pomegranate rice) basically turned out to be 'bits' of dry lamb on plain rice with a spicy sauce to dip. No pomegranate rice to be seen and never once through our entire meal did anyone ask how we were enjoying our food even though they were not busy. 

We'd taken 3 bottles of wine between the 3 of us (yes, my family are jakeys) so of course wanted to nurse the wine and finish every last drop before we left. This wasn't a problem at all to the staff and we never once felt rushed which i liked. There was a table of very tipsy elderly women next to us that had the same idea!!  

After a digestive gap, we considered dessert. Now I'm not generally a dessert person but I do have a weakness for cupcakes, and with a selection of yummy varieties to choose from such as rose, walnut and pomegranate I felt it would be rude not to get one! My mum and brother opted for the baklava and the saffron ice cream which they shared. I opted for the rose cupcake which came with a small portion of rose ice cream (a weird combination but when in Rome!). The baklava was a crispy, honeyed hit and the saffron ice cream smooth and creamy, however my cupcake was stale and had the texture of bread! The waiter insisted they were freshly delivered but upon checking the batch, agreed the problem seemed to be with all the rose ones. I was given a pomegranate one instead which was ok but not great. I know good cupcake and this wasn't it! 

The location is ideal and the decor lovely. At night the candles and bright lanterns look amazing. The place is fine if you want a really casual sharing meal experience, with some byob wine or beers and you don't have high expectations. Next time though, i'd probably just go back to Hanams!
Been here twice and enjoyed the food both times. The falafel shwarma wrap is a must have! The most recent time we went though, we ordered a shisha pipe with apple flavored tobacco. It was not apple... It tasted like those jelly beans that nobody eats. The liquorice flavored ones. When I asked our server to try it, he just said no and promised me it was apple. I will definitely go back because the food was great but I will not be getting the apple (liquorice) shisha again.
I tell you what, I wasn't half worried about coming here given the number of lacklustre reviews. Well, from visiting here myself as the coven of C., I have determined that service is all over the place - from efficient (start) to eldest sister having to go up to the bar to ask for our orders to be taken (then we had 2 descend on us). I also made sure we asked for an ice bucket, as per Susan M.'s warning, so there was no issue there. But the important thing for me about Middle Eastern cuisine, is that it feels so much fresher than other places, and a perfect place to go on a humid, stormy night, and I wanted to try somewhere new, so threw myself into Pomegranate.

Foodwise, we enjoyed everything - the only slight bumnotes were the tabbouleh - crazy levels of parsley even by tabbouleh standards, but flavour was a little lacking, and the sundried tomato and ginger tapenade - not so gingery as vinegary. But! a seriously delightful baba ghanoush, easy on the sesame, made up for everything. Naan bread, just so very moreish.

For me, the halloumi was fabulous, slow roasted aubergine a hit with all 3 of us, the solitary meat dish (lamb samosas... as I can't spell soubbassek-thingy) a hit as well. Lovely falafel, although the hummus was forgettable. Sadly we were too full to try the pomegranate ice cream, hopefully another time.

Decor wise it is bright, and the restaurant was heaving, even for a Tuesday. There were all round thumbs up by the witches three, so I am glad the reviews didn't cause me to turn away. In comparison to another favourite haunt, Empires Cafe, it's a more mainstream version of it's kooky self and a very welcome addition to the dining scene in Edinburgh. 

PS fourth star is only missing due to service inconsistencies, otherwise it would advance on.
Gosh, the food here was amazing. Could be my new favourite place. Tonnes of grub for a really good price, bring your own bottle, great location and buzzing atmosphere.

I ordered the qozy lamb - two pieces of lamb falling off the bone, heaps of rice, naan bread and an aubergine, tomato and potato side that was beyond yummy. A huge amount of food that I just about managed to polish off.

Dessert was baklawa - couldn't fault it and it came with a scoop of ice cream. Delicious. 

I'd have given this place five stars if it weren't for our seating location right next to the waiters' station. We had to endure an evening's worth of cutlery clanging and banging right next to our ears and waitresses bumping into our seats as they whizzed between tables and the station. If it weren't for that, I'd have given this place a five star. 

Will definitely be back, just not sitting next to the waiters' station!
Decent service, clean toilets and a very well-priced and tantilising range of meals/small portion combinations on offer. A nicely laid back and welcoming atmosphere is attained and I'm very glad to have now managed to have eaten here, having heard its praises sung for some time by a number of friends.
When in Israel I miss Mexican foods, and in the US I miss good Israeli foods. While lamenting I searched online and found "Kosher On The Grill" and decided that I need shwarma! Yudi did not dissapoint. I got the shwarma lafa and my wife the pita. This is the meal I had been needing so badly! I felt as if I was back in shuk Levinsky but with a lot less noise. I will be returning often to this wonderful find that Vegas has been needing. The best of success to Yudi and his friends! I will spread the word too! (written by the husband)
New restaurant for Vegas.   Food was fresh,a lot of it and delicious.  Staff was friendly and accomendating.   Had one each of the chicken and beef tacos.  Meat was tasty and tender.  For those nonmexican lovers also has falafel, schnitzel, grilled chicken.  Will be back often.
Decent food and priced well.
The service is a bit lacking but not due to lack of effort.
The person working the counter is just not very restaurant savvy. He lacks experience. It made the ordering a bit rough but everything worked out. He is very nice but just was not so familiar with what came with each portion, etc.

You might want to consider eating here if you are then en-route to a hotel. Not straight to the airport. Might not be best to fly right after this meal. Just saying.
Delicious food - enjoyed the pita sharwarma !
I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
This place just opened about 3 weeks ago in the old Famous Sams building. We walked in about 5:45 yesterday evening (Thursday) There was one other table at the time when we were seated. The building is quite large on the inside, with 4-top, 2-top and similar table setups. They have a stage, dance floor. Large bar area with ample seating. They offer music, belly dancing and such on Friday and Saturday nights. The Saturday menu is also a package deal so you get more of their menu in one package for cheaper. They also offer a hooka lounge area with hooka menu. 
They had one person seating, waitng on customers as well as making drinks (even though she wasnt a bartender according to her). Our drinks were so so. But we will let her slide on that due to the fact that she did get 4 or 5 more tables at one time while we were there. They should consider having maybe one more person who can bartend/help serve. They do have a great list of craft beers and a speciality mixed drink menu that isn't too shabby!  Service is what took a star away on my review. 
We started with a Lebanese sausage that was served with onion, peppers. It was quite flavorful and great portion size. We were brought a basket of fresh hot rolls that were white, wheat, and poppy seed, with a thyme, vinaigrette dipping oil that was quite flavorful. My boyfriend had the Lamb Chops dinner which came with 4 nicely sized lamb chops broiled with mjadara, sauted vegetables & grape leaves stuffed with rice and spices. The lamb was melt in your mouth and seasoned perfectly. I had the Cleopatra special which offered a chicken, filet mignon and Kafta Kababs (ground beef) with rice, grilled tomato and onion. A side of a garlic butter type sauce was on the side which was to die for and I had asked for a second serving and did not receive it either due to the one person and the rush she was hit with while we were there. Overall I am very happy to have finally found a place that makes killer beef kabobs that are not tough or under flavored. I will give the service a second chance. I think they are newly opened and going thru growing pains so I would suggest checking them out. Great food. We plan to go back on a Saturday night to check out the entertainment.
The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.

Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well.

 The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.

The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.

Meh. I've experienced better.
POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.

I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.

We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.

We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.

Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.

On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.

If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.

The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.

You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.

This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.

BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.

I do feel slightly bad but not completely.

My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip. 

But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
I've just had an excellent Mediterranean / middle eastern meal and without doubt the best, most tender, flavorful lamb I've ever had in my life.  Our server was gracious, helpful, and friendly, and lovely to boot.  She informed us her grandfather had just arrived from Lebanon to their kitchen - and I don't know if the restaurant was operating poorly without him before as indicated in some other reviews, but I'm glad he made his flight and all was well, very well, in the kitchen and operations tonight..

  The other reviews scared us off the salmon and from going on a busy night, but  thank goodness & Groupon, did not keep us from giving the restaurant a try, as neither service nor the food could have been much better.  
  
The inside is large, clean, and neatly appointed. Tables are neatly set with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  Nothing pretentious, but it conveyed a sense of neatness and moderate or higher level of class, compromised a bit by a somewhat incongruously informal level of dress on the part of the manager and some of the light staff, but then it was Sunday night, and slow, at least at our 7:15 PM or so arrival and throughout our meal, though a small number of patrons trickled in during our time there.  I think all appeared to be part of the local middle-eastern community and nearly all appeared to be personally acquainted with the manager or staff..  

A substantial area is devoted to hookah smokers and though there were more than there were diners in the undivided restaurant, the odors did not intrude, and were completely undetectable at our table, or when we passed nearer on our way out.   

We did not order mixed drinks so cannot speak to the quality of those, but we did note there was a bartender, and not our server doing double-duty.  But as to the food: excellent throughout.  The Cleopatra Platter lists "1 each" of chicken, kafta, and filet mignon kabobs, which consisted of a 3 lines of chunks of each meat spanning the length of the sizeable oblong plate atop a sizeable serving of basmati rice cooked to light, fluffy perfection.  Each chunk of chicken was moist, cooked and lightly seasoned to perfection, and the kafta (or as my spellcheck says "Kafka")  though I lack knowledge to adequately describe it, was also among, if not THE best I've ever had, in that it was not only not dry, but pleasurably seasoned.  Only the filet mignon, a little well-done for my blood-thirsty tastes, was only an ordinary level of "good".   I strongly encourage those who had a less than stellar experience to go back -  on a slower night.  Perhaps grandfather wasn't in the kitchen or the limited staff was just overwhelmed on the night you were there, but you would be depriving yourself to not give Cleo another opportunity to float your barge as well as they did ours.
We went here for our date night.  It was amazing....The waitress was wonderful...She knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions.  I had the grilled tilapia...It was cooked to perfection...The rice and grilled veg's were spot on also.  My husband had the steak kebab.  He said the steak was jucy and full of flavor.  The service was excellent.  Never had to ask for anything.  We will be back...Many times...Great experience....
My husband and I ate here tonight after buying their groupon a couple weeks ago. The service was good and the food was outstanding! We tried 3 different appetizers- the cheese borak (AMAZING), the hummus with meat (DELICIOUS) and the spinach pies (good but not outstanding). For our entree we both had the Cleopatra platter... 3 kebobs- chicken, kafta and filet mignon. The chicken and kafta were VERY flavorful, the filet was good but not quite as great as the other 2 kebobs. By far the best thing on the plate was the garlic dip/sauce that came with the chicken. A delicious creamy, garlic sauce that was good on everything! ;-) I highly recommend the restaurant and am very confused by the bad reviews on the restaurant. We will for sure be going back. The location is kinda in a hidden spot, but I hope the restaurant sticks around for awhile...I'm glad to finally have a good middle eastern place in the area! Give it a try!
The food was amazing! We had the hot appetizer platter and the Cleopatra platter... We will definitely return... Soon!
There is no where else I can go to chill and just draw, this horrible city in Arizona is filled with just bars, fast food restaurants, libraries that are never open , countless wal marts and mechanic shops. Lots of furniture shops too.  The parks are filled with dog shit and surrounded by driving cars, there is no where  to just sit down and draw.



So when this interesting Mediterranean restaurant comes into town I though It would be a nice place to chill, eat and draw.   It was nice at first, the waiters were great, they had live music and I cannot draw without music playing. I love creating new things with my work while experiencing new food and music.  I didn't like the food very much but I was willing to pay just to stay for the music, so I can make some art to it.


After about the 5th day I came here they told me I wasn't allowed to Draw here,  No explanation, just a stern look and told me I need to leave my work in the car. 

Basically what it would have left me with was very bland , over priced food.  Although I get to listen to the music, my attention instead is focused on all the   drunken people dancing around- Which is  a shame because I can channel all that musical energy into a really interesting piece of work.  

Well I can't find any place around this city that doesn't tell me to Buy shit and get the fuck out, and I'm always stuck at home because of it. So I won't be coming back to this Bar that sells itself as middle eastern/Mediterranean.  
  

Don't be fooled, this is just another one of the countless bars that Infest this boring suburb, it has a facade of being middle eastern, and its run by middle eastern people, but it is another square that cares more about serving alcohol in this city of squares filled with alcohol. There is no culture here and takes itself more seriously than it should for a place that is just starting out.

the middle east isn't about alcohol and shitty food, it's about real food...and opium.  If you want Mediterranean food, try the Greek Wraps, the Greek Pita, or Chicago Gyros , lots of places around here serve Mediterranean food and actually have the Mediterranean hospitality of giving you a lot of food for a little bit of money, rather than a lot of money for rubbery meat.

In short, told I cant draw there, rubbery, overpriced meat. I mean it took like an hour for the food to get there, what else can I do to pass the time?


And here is a separate review for the music.
-  I love music so much, I don't just listen to it, I study it and perform it.  I like the live music here, though they play lots of shit, some of the dance songs go back to the older rhythms and melodies of popular middle eastern songs I love.  However those good songs are few and far between- they play this garbage that sounds like britney spears and justin bieber but with a commercial license from dubai.  They need to play some Om Kalthoum, fairuz, Abdel Wahab,  bring back the old school and not   this techno-looping, headache inducing drum beat. Get a freaking real drummer and do some solos, stop with these pre recorded smooth jazz synth melodies and bring some ancient egyptian Royal Pharoah music to make this place differentiate itself from every fucking place around here.

-Mishmish
Love my nationality. Absolutely love this place and Mijana. Very fun for an Assyrian and Chaldean get together!
My boyfriend and I had lunch here today. This is a big place and it's beautifully decorated. We were literally the ONLY people eating there, so it was like we had a private restaurant. I was glad to hear from the waitress that the food is Halal, because this means I can bring my mom and family here someday and they can eat anything on the menu.  We had the Cleopatra Hot combination appetizer which came with Kibbe fried, cheese borak, Sambosik, Falafel, and Lolli pop chicken. The lollipop chicken had this wonderful chile type sauce on it and the cheese borak was delicious. We also ordered a greek salad with chicken, which was big enough for two people to share plus I brought a good amount home. The waitress was attentive and made sure we didn't want for anything. I wish they had some exotic non-alcoholic drinks instead of the standard coke products. Standard fare Mediterranean, nothing special and nothing bad.
Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.

When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.

Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor. 

There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.

Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived. 

Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true! 

FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
My fiance' and his family have taken multiple large parties to this restaurant over the last few years.  The food is always awesome and we have always received excellent service WHEN WE ARE WITH THEM.  However, today I went in to make a catering order for our small wedding ceremony we are having in a week.  I called ahead, spoke TO THE OWNER who said he was the person I should speak to and I informed him I would be in in an hour.  I was and I asked for Tony.  I ended up sitting at the bar for over an hour with no Tony.  We had ordered an appetizer while we were waiting and never got the check.  I ended up storming out after getting no attention from anyone.  

THIS IS AN OWNERSHIP PROBLEM ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff was too sparse for the party that was going on and everyone was angry.  The bartender had one helper and there were no waitresses.  And, by the way, the bartender had to read from a book to figure out a drink that was ordered and it took her 20 minutes to figure it out.

On top of everything else, one of the partners of the establishment was sitting right next to me at the bar and never once offered help or introduced himself.  Guess he figured he didn't look like anyone so I wouldn't know who he was.  

I am telling my in-laws to never take another party there and I will never darken their door again until it says 'UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP' above the sign.
This is the first review I have ever written only because for the first time ever I feel it is 100% warranted.  Please heed the previous posts about extremely poor service, or no service at all!  I'm sorry I didn't.

My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try since it's right in our neighborhood and wanted to stay away from the typical chain restaurants.  We walked in around 5pm on a Friday to an empty restaurant.  There were two people sitting in the hookah lounge, no one at the bar.  Not even a bar tender.  The hostess/waitress seated us right away, gave us menus and said she would be right back with water, which she was.  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Even when she poured the waters she never asked us for a drink order, appetizers, nothing.  We waited, waited, waited.  She walked by a few times with what appeared to be an order pad but she also had a large notepad and seemed to be more interested in planning the evening's entertainment than taking care of us.  Even after trying to flag her down a few times she just ignored us.  So after twenty minutes we walked out....and proceeded across the parking lot to Le Chalet where they have a great happy hour and awesome food!
After 13 months Norm R and I returned to Cleo's on Saturday evening, 10/19/13, and we remain totally satisfied customers who loved the food before and now. This time I went for the lamb chops I'd sampled before and they were equally perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, moist, and just, well, perfect.  The plate also included I think 4 stuffed grape leaf pieces, which were quite satisfying and tasty, and a bed of fluffy  (basmati?) rice. 

There were perhaps two groups of 10-12 each, and one other pair of unaffiliated customers in the large dining room.  Our server was friendly, helpful, and kept on the move.  I did not notice if there was another server, but as on our previous visit, there was a separate person serving as bartender, so our server was not doing double duty. My water glass only went dry once for a couple of minutes, and never required flagging our waitress down for refill.   Having a bit to spare at the end, we treated ourselves to a baklava, which unusually but deliciously, was served warm.  

Not so much a negative as a distraction, there were perhaps four barren, slightly battered small tables with chairs outside along the sidewalk. With no tablecloths or anything else, they just gave the impression of being a place for the middle eastern guys to sit outside and smoke, though they were unoccupied on this occasion.  Overall however, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal and have no complaints about the service.  

Good Lord and Groupon willing, I'm hoping for far less time in between the next visit.
This place is great, good hookah, well made cocktails and hummus that will make you question all other hummus you have ever eaten!
Love everything about this place!...except the service. We went on a Sat night for a friend's birthday. The belly dancer was awesome and funny. The band was excellent. Everybody there was super friendly and welcoming. And the food was so good! Our only complaint was that the bartenders & waitresses seemed to not really care that there were customers there. We bought a Yelp deal and they were refusing to honor it...then we went up to the bar to talk to someone else and he refused to honor it. My fiancee, who works at Yelp, knew it was valid & that they had to honor it & eventually they did. A minor inconvenience though for an otherwise great night!
Went back here tonight with my family. They loved the zucchini rings and the saffron rice. Mom likes the grape leaves. The wings are really good. The lamb was a little bland. I like the feta in the Greek salad and the olives were delicious. The atmosphere is nice, it's not loud, you can have a conversation. Nice bar and hookahs.
Unlike the real Cleopatra who swooned her subjects with her beauty and majestic presence, this Cleopatra is a plain Jane from the exterior.  It's in a non-descript strip mall next to Winco and from the exterior, it looks like a sad, forgotten bar.  And we were a little confused by their hours of operation from 3pm-midnight.
Luckily, this Cleopatra is anything but plain Jane when you walk thru the front door.  It's by no means fancy.  Instead, I felt like minutes before I was in Phoenix, AZ and now I am in another country, more specifically Turkey.
The interior of the restaurant is what I imagine a restaurant in Turkey would be set up.  To the left, big seating area with couches for those communal pipes and drinking of coffee and tea by men.  To the right, lots of table and chairs with numbers on them for what I assume is for karoke singing and dancing as to the right side back there is a band setup, karoke machine, and a dance floor.
The best surprise, which every restaurant strives for and what costumers to write about is that the FOOD was delicious, excellent, and mouth watering yum, yum!
We ordered the Cleopatra salad, spinach pie, falafel, lamb chops and chicken kabob.
The salad dressing on the salad had just the right amount of herbs and tanginess that it opened up our appetite.  My son devoured the chicken kabob and asked if we could get the recipe from the restaurant.  My husband and I loved the spinach pie, falafel, and I loved the lamb chops.  The lamp chops were perfectly grilled.  And the falafels were possibly the best I've ever had.  Slightly crispy on the outside but oh so delicate, moist and flaky on the inside.
Throughout our dinner, we commented that we were soooo happy to have come here, what a pleasant surprise the food was as from the exterior, we did not expect much and how we would definitely return again as good Mediterranean food is hard to find in the Valley.
So Cleopatra, thanks for a wonderful dining experience and see you soon again!
My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.

Hookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.

They also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
The food here is absolutely amazing.  It hasn't been busy either time that I came, but for the price and the serving size, I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something out of the ordinary and truly unique.  The inside has a great atmosphere complemented with music videos of artists from all over the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Northern Africa.  Definitely check this place out!
Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seen

when we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah. 

the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.

I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
Everything was excellent. This food is outstanding, loaded with flavour, and it was delivered very quickly.
I took my fianc here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!
The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order. 

This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
This new Tiny Mediterranean Grill is well worth a try for a nice semi casual meal and has it's unique flavor to other similar places. We tried a small variety of things including Gyros and Shawarmas and the Vegetarian Plate. My husband liked the Gyros more than the Shawarmas and I thought Ammos falafel, hummus and baba ghanouj were all good  and also unique with the baba ghanouj being very fragrant maybe of cloves? They are Semi-Fast-Casual cuisine ( you pay at the counter) and are still working things out with a big note on the door that they are still training. The counter girl was very friendly and cheerful and hoped that we liked everything. We thought portions were generous. The place seemed very clean and was attractive featuring Geek decor and granite.

I will do a revisit soon and update.

3.5
Solid 3.5 during opening week.  Definitely worth a visit.

It's a casual, counter service place serving Mediterranean dishes.  Several tables for eating in.  Drinks are self-serve.  The people behind the counter (possibly the owners?) were all very friendly and pleasant.  I immediately loved walking in and seeing the towers of meat on the vertical broilers!  :)  Menu has a lot of variety and even a kids' section.  

I went during a fairly busy time and ordered a couple of plates to go.  It was a 20-25 minute wait, but at this point, I will put that up to being a busy time and working out opening-week kinks.  They did forget one side item from my order, but were very apologetic and brought it out to me quickly...again, it was busy and stuff happens.  Not counting that against them this time.  We sampled the kefta, pork souvlaki, and chicken shawarma.  They were all very tasty, though the pork was a bit dry.  We liked the shawarma best.  Fragrant rice was good.  Side salad okay.  Their sauce was right on!  So good.  It was nice and garlicky, tasted of yogurt, and not mayonnaisey or sweet like some other places. Decent fries.  I can see my family becoming regulars here.  Next time we'll eat in and check out the gyros.

Very glad to see a place like this in the neighborhood!
Very good Semi Fast Casual Mediterranean cuisine. I note for this area a four star rated is suggested.

This time I had the chicken gyro salad. It was basically chicken gyro over a Greek Salad. The chicken was moist and seasoned nicely. The salad was fresh and generous in size. The olives were good quality and with removed pits.

My husband had a combo plate. The chicken shawarma was much juicer this time and the gyro meat was good. This plate was also very generous in size.

Service is always THREW THE ROOF NICE! This is a MUST TRY PLACE!

 I didn't give four stars is because of the other places I've been to in the valley that fresh bake the pitas and prepare the falafels in a different style that I prefer, those I rate at 4-5 stars. But Ammos is very good and is much better than two other mediterranean I can name in this area.

They are open 7 days a week

A VERY SOLID 3.5 stars
Very nice (new) little place. Stuffed grape leaves (vegetarian) and baklava are memorable. Felafel, humus, baba ganoush are all very good. I will return!
Placed a take out order for a Beef Shawerma, Chicken Shawerma and some baba ganoush.  Order was ready in minutes.  

The nice lady forgot the pita bread that comes with the baba ganoush; no worries, I had some emergency pita in the freezer.  

Chicken had good flavor as did the beef, baba ganoush was a bit on the garlicky side (I didn't mind, but wifey wasn't a fan).

I'm happy it's good and fast.  Will def be back and recommend to others.
We've been there several times... the food is always delicious and very affordable.  The staff is helpful and friendly.   So nice to have a good  Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood.
Went in about a month ago and ordered the Gyro Combo.  It was a generous portion and very delicious.  I would highly recommend.  I have since been back with family and friends over 3 times.   Very good!

Rick Tuita
Owner iTextVIP
It was good. Hummus was tasty, Gyro was excellent. We will eat there again.
Love this resturant. Aside from receiving amazing service from the hostess the food tastes delicious and resturant is super clean... I AM TRULY A FAN!!
Great fast casual.  I like the food. Friendly service here. Which is huge for me. Will be a regular stop for a gyro or a salad.
Pretty good basic Mediterranean cafe. The food is good and inexpensive. Great for take out but they have a dining area too.
Great casual atmosphere and fast.  If you like Gyros, you will like this place a lot.  There seems to be a lot of Gyros places opening up these days but, none with service this good.  Nina, is top rate and friendly.  The prices are good as anywhere and the food is good as well.
We always like to give the neighborhood restaurants a try and we are very glad we walked into this one. Their gyros are fantastic. Our kids were hesitant to try them, but once they did they wanted more, especially our seven-year-old! The food is top quality and they do not short you on meat or any other fillings. The service has always been pleasant. We hope they are around for a long time.
This place is a decent alternative to Z Greek if you are in the area and have a gyro craving. VERY meaty (as much as Z). Nice bread (not quite as good as Z, a little doughy). Good fries (Same). Good tzatziki (almost as good as Z). They did charge for it though.

If you've ever been to Z, being in the same ballpark as them is a pretty damn solid review. They are that nerd (me) in class who always screwed up the curve for the rest of the class.

One thing that was pretty funny was the girl who took my order was new and pronounced YEE row as GUY row. F-ing hilarious, especially in a greek place from a worker. The owner was behind her and didn't bat an eyelash, but I give koudos to him not correcting her in front of us.
Great food and friendly staff. Quick service. A great alternative to some of the more expensive Greek places in the valley.
I loved the gyro combo and  would have given them 5 stars if it weren't for the dolmas.  I was hoping they would be homemade like I used to get from my neighbor not what I got from the diners in NY(which are bought and served cold). Anyways I am still a fan and will go here when I am in town. Service was great I think it was the owner she was very friendly and food  came out quick.
I can see why they have a great rating. I had a gyros platter. They really piled it on. Great flavor , clean, friendly reasonable prices. I like my meat a bit more well done and will ask for that next time.
Since we live in the neighborhood we were anxious to see a new eatery open up, unfortunately the quality of the food won't have us going back. Twice we went for gyros which were just ok....and tonight we tried the souvlaki entree in which the pork was so overcooked and dried out, no amount of cucumber/dill dressing could save it. We threw half of it away. 
With so many dining choices around here, you can do a lot better.
OK, I've had better in Greece and Detroit.  But around here, Ammos is tops.  We each had a gyro without the bread (low-carb diet, damn it!) and a large Greek salad.  The salad was big enough for a lunch.  And the gyros meat with the tzatziki was very good. 
The owner visited with us for a while - he loves to brag about everything being fresh, made on site daily and from the salad, we believe him.
Casual place...order at the counter and they bring the food to you and clean up after.  Good service!
This place is amazing....Bill, the owner is very nice & offers excellent customer service. The rest of the staff are very courteous as well. I frequent a lot of similar Mediterranean restaurants like Ammos & there are plenty of good ones, but Ammos in my opinion is the best. The prices are fair, good portions, friendly staff, nice atmosphere, there are really no negatives about Ammos. I order either the Gyros plate or Chicken Shawarma plate, i cant get enough. Thank you Bill for having such a great restaurant near my home.
Went again last night.  Happy to see Bill's busy.  I had the beef shawarma on top of a small Greek salad!  No pita (remember, low carb diet!) and it was great.  My wife had the gyros again and was just as happy as the first time.  Nice place!
We have only done takeout, so I have a limited review. The gryo meal is fabulous and affordable. I would love to dine in sometime to try their spanakopita and other items.
Second time here, ordered a Greek Salad with Chicken Kabob.. the plate was so small i couldn't cut my chicken or even fork out the cheap iceberg lettuce without some falling on the table, chicken was way too saucy as well. Stick to a gyro, had that last time and it was golden. Seems like good people, they are nice.
There was weird pictures of the owner at war, (probably about 20-30 pictures) not the most appetizing thing when eating. (Pictures of blown up cars and him holding guns) also the Fattoush salad was very substandard and the dressing was tasteless. And there was an eyelash in our food. 

But it's an ok place for a cheap meal.
My Syrian friend recommended this place so I had to try it. She's very picky and said that it was the closest to the real thing back home. I didn't believe her, but she's tried numerous places in the United States so it meant something.

I came to try the beef shawarma to compare it to back home and it was the closest thing in the states. I was surprised, naturally it wasn't the same but at least it was close. I then had the osmalia and ballourie, the osmalia is excellent and my friend loves the ballourie. Make sure you leave room for dessert because I actually enjoyed it more than back home! Haha how dare I say that. It's not made the same, but it's extremely delicious nevertheless. 

The place itself was decorated nicely, and was very clean. So were the bathrooms. The staff was great, fast, hot (haha) and efficient so our food was not cold. The plate sizes were large and decently priced. Overall it was a good experience.
By far one of the better places in the 67th and happy valley corridor to get a gyro. Not greasy at all and the pita is nice and fresh. 

The owner is very friendly and so is the rest of the staff . Makes for a good lunch stop around here.
I love this place,  everyone is so nice and the food is great too! I recommend the falafel and hummus appetizer.
Great spot!! loved their food, and great location. The restaurant is beautiful inside, and really enjoy dining in. Give it a try, you will love it.
Very good food and lots of it! My family of 7 had a great visit made better by the awesome staff who were always happy and kind. It was a great value too for the entire family ate for right around $40. I hope they open in Tucson so I can go more often.
I always love going to non-chain restaurants and I am happy to say Ammo's is definitely not a chain. The owners are very nice and they care about putting out a good product.  I have had several dishes there such as tge Gyro, the Greek salad, Dolmas and Hummus appetizers. All were delish!  I just hope I have room one of these days to try the baklava.
Being middle eastern myself,  I tend to be pretty picky about greek/middle eastern food. That being said, I think this is the best "mom and pop" greek restaurant in Phoenix.  It's got great portions and a wide variety of ways they cook the meat. The combo plates (side salad, rice,  1 pita, and 2 skewers of meet/or a ton of gyros) is the best deal, ($9-$12 depending on the meat.) Even the Italian beef, fish and chips,  and burgers are great. The only food I am not a fan of here is their cilatro lime hummus, which I normally love elsewhere.  

Definitely stop by, it's inexpensive,  quick and awesomely delicious!
We are originally from Detroit, so we had a lot of exposure to excellent middle eastern food.  We have been searching for a place in  Metro Phoenix that would approach this level, and we have found it at last.  This simple unpretentious place serves authentic fresh dishes that are delicious and memorable.  Ammos will definitely go on our heavy rotation list of go-to restaurants!
Ive been to this place several times now and every time I leave I know I'll come back. The food is really good and tastes fresh, and the staff are great! Its worth checking out!
Always delicious, best Gyro I've had. Very reasonably priced and the owner is extremely friendly. Very nice guy, very quick getting your food (which is always fresh to order), the portions are large and filling and the food always tastes so fresh, cooked just right. Cannot go wrong here, highly recommended.
Just tried this place for the first time last night, and I was impressed. Everything is made in house, and has an authentic taste. The original hummus was very good, but I wish it was a bigger serving. Actually the serving size isn't bad, it was just so good that I wanted more.

The regular gyro combo is what I went with and I was not disappointed. I have had gyros at places before and the meat can sometimes be dry, but not here. The meat appeared to be freshly sliced and was nice and moist. I also got extra tzatziki sauce, which I always recommend having an extra side of at any place.

I am glad we found this little neighborhood restaurant close to home.
I want you all to listen closely. I'm Lebanese and have had the privilege of growing up around simply the best Mediterranean chefs around the world, traveled to Lebanon and Syria ate at the top mediterranean restaurants in Dearborn, mi (some of the best in the states), and without a doubt this is the most mouth watering cuisine I've ever had, let alone Mediterranean. The hummus is simply the best I've ever had. The tenderloin kabobs are so flavorful and succulent. The grape leaves, koosa, steak frys and tabbouleh are all as delicious and authentic as it gets. It's so difficult to find decent Lebanese here in Phoenix (people think pita jungle is good Lebanese lol), let alone a place I can call my new favorite restaurant. If you want the best Mediterranean/Lebanese you've ever had, stop looking, you just found it!
Just discovered this gem! Best hummus in Town, had the Kofta sandwich, french fries (fresh tasty fries) and a side of the red pepper hummus...YUMMMMM! Highly recommend this place!
I learned about this place through Yelp and figured I would give it a shot. Not only was I blown away by the food but the owners were very nice and really seem like they care about their business and customers. The place is owned by brothers and even have their own mother cooking in the kitchen.
It is hard to find a Lebanese place in Scottsdale that is truly authentic and tastes fresh. My usual go to Mediterranean place is Pita Jungle, but I will make the extra drive to come back here next time I am craving some jalapeno cilantro hummus!!!
I was stoked to try this new authentic Lebanese restaurant in North Scottsdale! I haven't had good, let alone great, Lebanese food in eons since I left Pittsburgh, PA, in 1990! (Okay, just once in all that time, and it was in Montreal (the same folks who catered Celine Dion's wedding)! A little too far to visit on a regular basis.)  Now, I have found my go-to place when I crave all my favorite  Lebanese goodies - like hummus, babaganoush, stuffed grape leaves . . . and the choices go on!

Originally, we were just ordering take-out, but the owners, two of three brothers, were there and offered us some samples of their dishes. I was blown away by the smoky, flavorful babaganoush. It was not pureed to pieces so you could still enjoy the texture of the eggplant as well. My husband wolfed down the roasted red pepper hummus and was smacking his lips the entire time -- best he ever tasted. I am always up for trying something new, and we received a small dish of Majadara which is steamed lentils and cracked wheat mixed with onions, a Lebanese traditional dish that I never tried or even heard of before. Mmmm, it was delicious . . . lovely texture, seasoned just right . . . a perfect combination of protein and carbs . . . great as a meal on its own for lunch!  We chatted for quite a while with owners Tater and Mohammed, asked about how they got into the restaurant business, how they arrived in Scottsdale, and learned more about their chef, who is also a butcher and does his own meat! They were all so friendly and really excited about bringing their family recipes and homemade Lebanese to Scottsdale. 

Our take-out was ready! We ordered the original hummus, baba, fried eggplant, grape leaves with meat and rice, and the mixed grill. I was so full from the samplings, I had to wait a couple hours before I could begin to take a bite of the food we brought home! The hummus is creamy and no overwhelmed by the taste of tahini. A little bit of olive oil drizzled in the mix as they advised at the restaurant made it simply divine.  I don't even need the pita . . . I could just eat this by the spoonful, along with the baba as noted above.  The fried eggplant was a surprise. I guess I was expecting something like fried zucchini, with breading, but instead this was more like sauteed with lemon garlic sauce. Yum! 

The grape leaves were tightly rolled, like little cigars, and served hot! I haven't had grape leaves with meat in them in a very long time . . . and maybe not ever in Scottsdale. They were the creme de la creme in my experience, just as I remembered those 20 years ago in Pittsburgh.  It was quite funny because my husband only knows grape leaves as "dolmades" which is Greek. When he ordered, the self-proclaimed "white" girl behind the counter taking our order didn't have a clue what it was he was ordering. Anyway, no where on the menu was the word dolmades, only grape leaves . . . guess you had to be there for the looks on both their faces.

The Mixed Grill was a savory, well-seasoned, very tender mix of Kabob, Kafta and Tawook, served with various veggies over rice. It came with a side salad . . . which as of last night, we were both too tired and full to dig into, so maybe later.The Kafta was extraordinary! And I am not a meat eater by any means. My husband dug all the way in and polished off everything, except some of the rice which surely he will gobble up today!

Before we left the restaurant, Temar gave us a couple pieces of baklava to satisfy our sweet teeth! And as we were already out the door, the very friendly chef came running after us to give us a little taste of the kabob meat he just cooked up! Oh we were so happy . . . and in such a food coma!  Tummy full, nap now!

Without a doubt, we will be back to The Mediterranean Grill.  I only wish we lived close enough to take advantage of their 5-mile delivery option. Truly a very pleasant, satisfying foodie experience! Try it, you'll love it!
Very good food! The service was great and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend to anyone looking for great food and great service!
After seeing a reviews of this restaurant on yelp, We decided to make a visit. I previously tried many "authentic middle eastern" cuisines in the metropolitan area, but the mediterranean grill surprised me the most with their flavorful food and exceptional service. 
 Not only was the food authentic, but I was able to remember my childhood which was a pleasant sensation. 
 The kefta kabob was perfectly seasoned and grilled to perfection. 
 The chicken kabob was sensational. It was the most moist chicken i ate in the valley.     The beef kabob was great as well, but lacked a little salt to my taste. Having said that, it was moist, succulent, and tender which countered the slight negativity I had.
 The shwarma is great, flavorful, and everything I expected it to be. For a restaurant that just opened, they are doing everything right.
 Visit them,  you will not be disappointed in the very least. 5 stars for food, service, and bringing back the memories of my past.
Overall a good lunch experience.  Reasonably priced.  My lunch combo had a lot of meat and enough food for two meals.
My co-workers raved about the food so I went. 

That being said, the guy in front of me had been waiting for 30 minutes for a gyro (he left FURIOUS) so I did an order of lentil soup to go so I could get my food quickly (to avoid driving to another place).  The place wasn't busy.  25 minutes later, I had my soup to go ($5) and it was in a 10oz container not all the way full....more like a cup of soup. 

I got back to my desk and it wasn't even lentil soup......the soup tasted like lemonade with salt.  

No "I'm sorry" or anything for the wait...I won't be returning.
My sister loves this place so I decided to give it a shot. I try to eat as healthy as possible and judging by the menu everything looked very healthy. I ordered a mediterannean salad with chicken and lentil soup. Food was excellent other than the 25 min wait I had. But they are new and had 3 take out orders ahead. Guess could be deceiving cuz the dining room was empty. Ill return but hopefully not when the kitchens backed up.
This is the best lamb shank I've had in 20 years, thanks Mo!
This place was great!!! I had the chicken sharma and it was amazing! It was tender and had a great flavor. My wife had the fatoosh salad, which was fresh, a generous portion, and was extremely tasty. My son had the shish kafta and it was great tasting and was extremely fresh and tasted homemade ( which made it better ) . We will definetely be going back, and we suggest that you try it!! Best in town!!
Great food great service. This a family run place and they make you feel like family
My wife and I were pleasantly rewarded when we decided to try this friendly spot.  If you live in Scottsdale and like Mediterranean food this is definitely worth a visit.  It is family owned and everything is made fresh. My wife had lentil soup.  It was very hot the way soup should be, with the right blend of spices.  My falafel were some of the best I have had in the Valley.  I got the combo which included a drink and fries.  The fries were fresh cut not frozen.  We will be back.
Love everything I've had here.  Marisa is a fan too.  Kafta and gyros are great, fresh-cut fries also terrific.  Table service instead of queuing at the counter.  I'll be trying the baklava after I'm down a few pounds.  Today I had the chicken shawarma and ask Tamer to put a little hummus it too. It was really outstanding and Panini press as well which was nice surprise perfect crisp crunchy texture on the outside everything inside terrific, it even has slivers of pickled radishes in it that are great.  And as an extra bonus they have stupid fast free Wi-Fi here 38Mbs.  The brother owners Tamer & Mohammed are doing a great job.

btw, my chicken shawarma looked so yummy that I would have taken a picture for yelp.  But I devoured it instead :-(

update 1/3/12, joy of joys, they have beef shawarma today!  It too was terrific.  Wi-Fi is still stupid fast at 29Mbs down / 39Mbs up unlike the Starbucks that I just came from.
This place is BAD ASS!!!

I eat here pretty often considering it's right by my new office. The guys that own/run the place & their employees are nicer than most people in Scottsdale. 

The food.... THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!! They grill their sandwiches, (a grilled gyro? = heaven!) they use FRESH ingredients, all in all - they do it right. 

The prices aren't that bad either. Sure, you can go to Tempe and get a gyro with fries for $6.99 and it's alright. This is a much healthier, tastier option for around $10 including a drink. 

If you're in North Scottsdale shopping around this ridiculous shopping center, check them out. They're a little tucked away, right by a smoke shop off Northsight on Butherus. 

Try the jalapeno hummus!
I usually go there for the shish kabobs. This time the owner convinced me to try the lamb shank. The lamb, that was moist and falling of the bone, was served with rice, and a bowl of sauce that is filled with Mediterranean spices. It was a generally good dish, but when you mix the rice with the sauce and meat, it was a whole new experience and the dish instantaneously become my favorite.
This is a great place if you want Authentic cuisine from the Mediterranean regions. The owner is very friendly and is available to answer any questions about the items. They use High quality ingredients and the service is amazing.
This place is great, I have been a few times, not as many as my hubby, though.  It is a small family owned restaurant and the food is delicious.  The first time I had the gyro and my hubby had the Kafta.  They came toasted, YUM.  I tried my hubby's and it was delicious, too.  Last time I had the chicken shawarma and the mediterranean salad.  The twins had the hummus plate and chicken.  They were nice enough to split it and make sure that each item was separate, my little boy is a little bit of a freak about mixing his food.  The family is so nice.  I have so many more dishes I want to try.  Next time I think I want the Majadara, sounds delicious.  I love lentils.  I guess I should try the lentil soup before it gets too warm for soup time.
FANTASTIC LEBANESE-STYLE MIDDLE-EASTERN FOOD. I guess being in the desert has got me craving Middle-Eastern all the time. For Lebanese-style, this place hits all registers. The manager, Mohammed, is incredibly nice and made sure my meal was PERFECTO! 

You folks in North Scottsdale, this is the best around for many miles!
This is a great restaurant.  The hummus is silky smooth and is perfectly seasoned.  It also had an interesting flavor that sets it apart (and above!) other versions I have had at other restaurants.  Several flavors of hummus are available.  The grape leaves are tight, warm rolls that have a nice mint flavor.  I also tried several sandwiches that were very good.  I will definitely make it back for dinner to check out the entrees.  Great service, great prices - it is nice to have a quality Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood.  It is locally owned and operated too, which is nice.
I absolutely LOVED THIS RESTAURANT and will definitely be returning on a regular basis!! The chicken shawarma is incredible, and the service is excellent. This is by far the best food I've had in the entire Scottsdale area. The food is FRESH and has FANTASTIC FLAVOR. Be sure to save room for a delicious baklava desert!
So this place was very cool! I came here for lunch with a co-worker and I was very impressed with both the service and the food. Our server was one of the owners I think, or maybe his Mom owns it? Either way when we ordered the tabbouli (fantastic), he said that his Mom makes it fresh everyday. WHAT!?! I've got a little old Lebanese woman making my tabbouli in the back? Sweet! You know that has to be good. And, we commented on how good it smelled and he brought over the incense that was burning and gave us a package for free. Impressive! The place could use a little decor to make it feel more Middle Eastern, but that's about it. It is kind of tucked away so I hope that doesn't prevent it from getting enough foot traffic.
Great food. Wonderful and friendly staff. This hidden gem will be a frequented stop for me. 

My boyfriend and I tired the jalapeo  humus, it was cream and served with a warm pita. We also split the mixed plate  and the falafel.  The mixed plate included 3 kinds if meat, rice and grilled veggies. It was very savory. the falafel was delightful as well. Everything was do filling I couldn't eat desert so we got the baklava to go. The baklava was delicious! Big fan of this place!!!
Just got back from first time lunch at Mediterranean Grill.  It was very good!  They were short handed due to unexpected departure of an employee and went out of their way to make sure the customers left happy.  Food was fresh and delicious, love that grilled pita.  Will be going back again soon!
Excellent, authentic Middle Eastern food prepared like you were in someone's home. The owner is eager to please and very accommodating. There are a few vegan options, so I am definitely going back.
This is one of those special places that more than deserving of five +++ stars. My oldest step son and I ate lunch there today, we shared the mixed grill and hummus, and we throughly enjoyed every bite! The food was wonderfully seasoned, cooked PERFECTLY! The rice had the perfect flavor and texture, the meat was well marinted and cooked better than perfect, tender and juicy! The hummus was smooth and creamy and so rich. I can't wait to try the red pepper and jalapeno flavor. I also can't wait for rice pudding there :). They take a lot of pride in what they are doing there!! It shows in the food! I hope the hard to find location doesn't make it difficult for them to stay open.
This place is quality,  I've been here twice and so far the only thing better than the service is the food.  The grilled meat is especially good.  When it comes to Mediterranean Cuisine I'm very picky. The chicken kabob is full flavored and juicy as is the kefta and tenderloin. I highly recommend trying the mixed grill and get tenderloin since the kefta is already a mixture of beef and lamb.  If you like meat on a stick you wont be disappointed.
This place is so good. Family-owned and the food is excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff. I've been here 6 times now and it has been wonderful every time. I've tried the Chicken Shawarma, Beef Shawarma, Falafel Sandwich, Taboule Salad, Lentil Soup, Jalepeno Hummus and they were all fantastic. It truly is a hidden gem in North Scottsdale. Very reasonably priced as well. Definitely worth trying!
Delicious food that the whole family enjoyed.  We ordered the mixed grill platter, fried eggplant and hummus and practically licked our plates clean. Meat was tender and flavorful.  Service was amazing, staff friendly and accommodating.  We're so glad we found this place!
Son took my order while his mother was cooking in the kitchen - yes, an authentic family restaurant.  Cauliflower appetizer was extremely rich and lemony, hummus quite good too.  Service was good and parking was easy.  

Only issues I had was that the falafel is four croquettes for $7 which is insane (normally find them for 2 for a $1)!!!  Hummus price was up there too.  I think they either have a pricing issue or an identity issue - make yourself a fancy full service place and keep the prices, or acknowledge it's rather fast food with a waiter and price things more reasonably.
A wonderful find! Delicious Mediterranean food at a local, family-owned restaurant. I will be a regular customer... Way to go, Mo!!
WOW. My husband and I just enjoyed a delectable meal with great service. I love family restaurants! Tamar was our server, and he obviously takes great delight and passion in the food. We ordered fried cauliflower, and it was crispy and delicious in a light lemon sauce. We got two gyro sandwiches, which were panini style with a thinner bread than your typical pita. Beautifully crispy, and the flavors melded wonderfully. Husband is still raving about it. Nothing was super greasy, and the flavors were perfectly mixed. Husband says he's looking forward to burping some up so he can taste it again, that's how good it was. Tamar even gave us complimentary tastes of the bak lava, which had a divine texture and not-too-sweet flavor. We'll be back to try the rest of their dishes!!
Its always nice to find a restaurant serving authentic cuisine and fresh food with people who obviously takes pride in what they do. Based on yelp reviews, this was our 'new place of the week' for a friday dinner. Very warm and friendly waiter ( manager?) who made us feel very welcome. The food tastes very flavorful. Had the chicken shwarma, majadara and rice pudding. I will make a special mention of the baba ghanoush. The best i have had.
Move over pita jungle! The Mediterranean grill is the best, authentic food with the best service. My girlfriend and I started coming here a couple of months ago and we can't get enough of it!  Humus, kabobs, and lentil soup is a must have. Support the mom and pop shops. These folks deserve it!  Bravo M Grill!
The food is good, depending on what you're looking for.  I had lunch with my coworker, we ordered the grape leaf wrapped beef and rice rolls, along with lamb shank platter.  The lamb platter tasted fresh, but the grape leaf rolls were under my standards, maybe it was some seasoning.  Service was great, it was hot inside, as they had the doors open and no A/C on.  Either way, try it out, you might like it.  Healthier than most places.
Awesome! We got the hummus trio with the pita bread. The Pita was nice and thin, and not greasy (the left overs were still great 3 days later). Got the Mediterranean salad which was extremely fresh and very light but vibrantly flavored without going over the top. For our dinners my wife got chicken Shwarma and I got Shish Tawook. Very generous servings, and the chicken was moist and tender. Did I mention the hummus? I would highly recommend this restaurant.
Do you love lamb, schwarmas, or hummus?  This is the place to be.

Start with the fried lemon cauliflower or an order of hummus with olive oil dribbled across for an excellent beginning.  For lunch, their sandwiches are priced well and delicious.  Instead of stuffing a pita with ingredients that explode all over the place, they wrap them fully and panini them close for easy eating; fantastic idea.

For specialities, try a few Kibbe bites.  Balls of beef fried with a mixture of spices that fit perfectly with an order of their cucumbers & yogurt dish.  Just drop the kibbe right in, it's a great mix!

I've been on a number of occasions and have always had fantastic service.  Great food and atmosphere keeps me coming back so it's definitely worth a visit.
Stop what you're doing, north Scottsdale workers. This is your new lunch spot. 

My meal was so dang good! I ordered the steak kabob. it came with a skewer of grilled veggies and rice. I substituted my rice for a small salad. It was a bit high for a lunch ($17) but the ingredients are top notch and the service was great. Next time I will order something that fits into my lunch budget. I got to taste their chicken and it is amazing as well and more budget friendly.

The owner came around and chatted with us and shared a little about their history and what their goal is. It's one of the best options nearby that we've found for lunch- actually probably the best we've found within a few miles. Very delicious, clean and friendly. 

I highly recommend!
Food was great.  Followed recommendation of waiter.  Really an excellent value.
very disappointing
Let me start by saying that I'm Arab, and my mom cooks AMAZING food. This place is, hands down, the best authentic Lebanese food I've had in this country. The quality, the service, the flavor; everything was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered the mixed grill so we could a taste for all the meats they have, and we were more than satisfied. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to eat non-Americanized Mediterranean. The hummus is great, the coffee is delightful, and their baklava is a must try. If I could give this place ten stars I would. Gotta go check it out!!
On this visit to Scottsdale from San Diego we checked on yelp. This place had a good ratings so we went in. It was GREAT!! Had the humus: real good. Lentil soup real good. The  gyro was fantastic and the fries awesome. The steak from the kabob was cooked just right.. The staff was very friendly and great service.
EAT HERE. I'm serious. The food is fantastic! It's a little hidden gem by the Scottsdale Gun Club. Family owned and everything is fresh and made to order. Have been there 3 times and haven't found anything to dislike. Their hummus is creamy with just the right amount of seasoning. Chicken schwarma is cut into bite-sized pieces and served with either hummus or garlic spread. OMG the garlic spread is amazing - looks like white butter and tastes like a tangy bite of heaven. Tawook is chicken breast pounded thin and cooked on the grill, also served with garlic sauce. Loved the spicy kafta in pita, served quesadilla style (no cheese, just meat between pita) with lots of hummus. The rice is flavorful and fluffy. Grape leaves stuffed with rice and meat were skinny little guys but packed with flavor; 6 on a plate was a good app for 2 people. But my very favorite thing is their salad. I don't know what they do to make lettuce, tomato and cucumber so good, but that magic seasoning and light touch of dressing is wonderful. They do not serve alcohol but you can BYO wine (beer too perhaps?) Very reasonably priced and generous portions.

Much busier at lunch but we love stopping in for dinner. They are not halal-sanctioned but they do get some halal meats (lamb yes, chicken no). Staff is super friendly and warm. Oh and they deliver!
First time visit today. Had the tenderloin tips with hummus and lentil soup. Soup was very good. Tips and hummus just blew me away.  I will be back
The Mediteranean Grill is an unassuming little restaurant that serves delightful fare.  found the menu by complete accident as it was posted by the entrance of my gym.

The interior is not all that warm and welcoming and neither is the staff...but don't let that fool you because the food is surprisingly tasty. I ordered the chicken shawarma sandwich and a small side of babaganoush and they were both just incredible.

The only reason I am dinging one star is I thought the staff was kind of cold and just not very friendly and welcoming...I even heard one employee mentioning to his colleague that he couldn't wait for restaurant to close..Wow guys really ?...Chill out a  little and work out your differences because I really like your food and I would be very disappointed if you closed...All I ask is that you are a little friendlier with your customers. This was also my first visit. I must say that you really wowed me with the quality of your food...really...it was crazy delicious...In fact I just had an orgasm...
We happened on this little cafe by accident.  It's really unassuming and in the shadow of a large fitness club.  The food is great.  Tasty and very fresh.  The owner and servers were incredibly friendly and helpful.  I had to write this review after reading the review that said that the service was poor.  We had the complete opposite experience.  The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome.
Will definitely be back.
Really good Mediterranean food.
The hummus appetizer is excellent.
Our lunch items also included a gyro sandwich and a tabbouli salad.
They were both very fresh and very tasty.

Our service was great.
We will definitely be back.
The food makes up for the strip mall location and lack of interior decor.
closed
I really don't get all of the 5 star reviews. This place has good food but their prices are  astronomical. I had a $35 dollar lunch with my son. I had a lamb shank and he had a chicken wrap and we had some hummus.

The lamb was good but very puny as far the meat goes. So if $17 lunches per person  are in your comfort zone, then party on!
We've been back several times and very sorry to say the last time, there was a sign on the door that it was closed indefinitely.  Very sad, one of our favorite lunch spots.
BEST Falafel in town and great Shawarma too! 

This is  little store front, counter up front and bar stool seating.  Food ranges fro $6-8 plus sides and extras. 

I went with a Shawarma pita $8 upgraded to a lafa +$8 which included all of the salads i wanted in side. I kept it simple with shug and hummus. It Was fabulous, The flavors, the soft lafa the creamy hummus it was simply a divine experience, maybe because this place is also kosher. 

We also had a side of 4 falfel balls. They were amazing, a crisp exterior reveal a moist and flavorful interior.
Paprika absolutely rocks. The shawarma is incredible, especially with a bit of shug over it.. and on the hummus. Plenty of food if you order a plate. Order a lafa and you will need to split it. Kosher, so the quality is extremely high. And the pricing is dead on, as well. Just a little bit northwest of the Scottsdale/Shea intersection, you cannot go wrong with Paprika. Haven't tried the ribeye, but it looked fantastic. Israeli salad, eggplant, baba ghanoush are all here. You should be too!
The food is good, but expensive because everything is a la carte.  My son ordered a lafa wrap, which cost $13, and did not come with any side dishes.  My falafel tasted very good, but was mushy. Again, there were no sides.  I ordered a bottle of Coke, which was a small bottle and just barely filled one cup.   Lunch for two people cost $28, which I think is a lot for 2 wraps & 2 soft drinks.
This place is delicious and the shawarma brings me right back to Israel! Definitely order the shawarma or falafel, both are homemade and perfectly spiced.
The chicken shwarma was moist however, the Lafa portion is too large for one person. The falafel taste was great but the batch was slightly over-fried. However, this place is good for a quick lunch.
WOW. SO GOOD. My mouth didn't want to leave. I had to bring my mouth back for dinner just to make it shut up for awhile. Perfect Sharwarma. Amazing sides: roasted Mediterranean eggplant salad, baba ghanoush, Moroccan carrots, Israeli salad, this amazing spicy sauce that kicks it all up a notch, hand made pita, etc etc etc....!!!! I love this place.

And what nice peeps that run this place. You come her a few times, you'll be one of the gang. Gabby, Omer, Alon, and the whole crew are all your pals. 

I LOVE THIS JOINT!
just an update: The spicy sauce is a Yemenite sauce that is popular in Israel, made of jalapeno paste, garlic, and about 400 other things, giving it a rolling wave of different flavors and episodes of heat, from the time it hits your tongue to the time it glides down your throat. It elevates an already spectacular shawarma to the level of high art.
I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water. It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here. 

The menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.

I tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant. The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has. The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home. Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me? I don't know? The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan. The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful. I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.

Both of us were blown away with the beef kabob. It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise. It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine. A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good. My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here. The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad. The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us. The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.

Our waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini. I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita. It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was. It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture. My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.

I took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go. They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry. The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting. 

Our waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.

Some big hits but the fries were a miss. It really was like traveling the world. Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.
This place has phenomenal schwarma and other Israeli meat specialties.   The schwarma is cooked on a traditional vertical skewer and made from dark meat chicken.   They serve it in a lafa (kind of like burrito style) or pita.  I prefer lafa, since you can get all the ingredients in each bite, whereas in a pita, the ingredients are layered on top of each other, so may get 1 bite of just eggplant or something.  My favorite toppings: Schwarma in a lafa with roasted eggplant, hummus, tahini, israeli salad, and charif (spicy sauce).  

Unfortunately, they seem to run out of schwarma frequently.  Because of that, I have tried a few other dishes, all of which have been good but not as good as schwarma.  I have had the beef kabob which is basically a hamburger shaped as a kabob with unique seasonings, and the chicken schnitzel which is a pounded boneless skinless chk breast breaded and lightly pan friend.  

Please note that this is a kosher restaurant.  However, the prices are closer to that of a non kosher restaurant and the portions are huge.  This is a great benefit - the quality of a kosher meal at  a competitive price.
Went back today with my fiance and her parents and little brother.  She and her father ordered the beef kabobs.  They were not good - super salty.  But, as always, the owner came up to our table a minute after we got our food and asked us how everything was.  i told him the kabobs were too salty and inedible.  He immediately asked what else us we wanted, so they ordered two more schwarmas - free of charge of course.  Shwarma is always delicious here and i strongly recommend trying it.  Shnitzel was also very good.  

They now have waiter service, and the service was great as well.
Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to come back! Chicken shawarma is juicy and seasoned to perfection.  Falafel, schnitzel, beef kabobs, were so great.  Sides r tasty! We feel like we r in Israel. The owner and his son are very charming!
Food is phenomenal. Very high quality, very fresh and very flavorful. Reasonably priced this place will be my go-to for a quick, healthy bite. Service reminds me of being in Israel....
First visit. Saw it reviewed in the Arizona Republic and it sounded good. We enjoyed the food. The falafel platter was great and the  mixed (chicken) grill was also tasty. The babaganoush and hummus were excellent. The spicy carrot salad good but not great. The Israeli salad was what one would expect. The beverages are all nonalcoholic. This is a small place. A table of 17 which included 7 loud and not well controlled children had a major effect on the ambiance. Service was good and apologized for the disruption caused by the large group. I think we will return.
Of all my restaurant experiences, the one today at Paprika sums it up as the most welcoming, friendly and warmest of all. Never having been here before, I thought I would venture out of my usual comfort zone and try this little tucked away Mediterranean bistro on the west side of Mercer lane in Scottsdale...

As I walked in the door, I was promptly greeted with a warm "Welcome" by Ari , also my soon to be server. As soon as I was seated, Ari asked if I had been there  before and also offered a quick overview of the menu. I zoomed in on the shawarma, which can be either served on a pita or on a lafa which makes the shawarma look more like a burrito.

For $ 9.95, trust me that you will be getting plenty of food and definitely enough for you to take home or even share. Today's shawarma special was veal and it was absolutely succulent and just perfectly spicy. Alongside the meat is out of this world hummus, Israeli salad, and served with French fries or a substitute if you prefer. Never having had a falafel, I told my kind server and he happily agreed to let me try a complimentary sample, which I thought was awfully kind.

I could not believe the size of the shawarma...it was truly unbelievable and bustling with nothing but fresh ingredients and just lick to the bone deliciousness. While enjoying my meal, I had the pleasure of meeting Gabi the owner who was just incredibly kind, friendly and warm just like any other restaurant owner should be.....truly outstanding in every respect.

For hours thereafter....my spirits were uplifted as a result of enjoying some of the purest and freshest tasting shawarmas I had ever had in my entire years of living....

Thank you for such wonderful hospitality...
Dropped in for a quick bite before heading out for a girls' night, and it was quite an amazing experience. They had items on their menu that I haven't really seen often, which I was thrilled with since I like places with unique items on their menu. 

Unfortunately I wasn't particularly hungry enough to get a meal all to myself (I know, shocker, right?!), but the wonderful gentlemen working there bought us an order of hummus to try out. I gotta say, as full as I was, I was eating this hummus -- it was so fresh and amazing that I couldn't help myself. 

I will absolutely be back to try their other menu items... as well as get another order of that yummy hummus.
Very good and run by great people from Israel. You won't be disappointed!
Solid Israeli fare. The schnitzel is very crispy and therefore GOOD.  Two main gripes:

1. No Doc Brown soda(s)
2. No pickled turnips

Enjoy.
The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The staff is friendly and service is quick.
This place and Mozart are TOP QUALITY... the grilled chicken was the best I've ever tasted around the world.  Shawarma was done very well also.  I'd say the hummus was meh...  Pita is extra thick and fluffy.  Also, the young boy working there was sooo friendly and helpful.  I will be a regular here and Mozart.
Ok I'm kind of obsessed with this place! Their food is fresh & tasteful! The chicken shawarma is tender & moist!! Hummus is clearly freshly made everyday! Delish! Eat here!!  Bonus: staff is extremely nice!!
A coworker of mine often brings people here, so another coworker and I decided to try it for lunch a few weeks ago. It's a small little shop with a couple of tables inside, but there was no wait and we perused their menu deciding on what to get. They have a pretty small menu but I liked everything on it which made the choice a little difficult, but I decided on the chicken kabob platter with hummus and fries. My plate didn't come with the stated pita for the hummus but I didn't want to say anything so I kept hush, but the hummus was really good. I also really liked the chicken and it looks like they hand cut their fries (or at least they look like how it does when I make homemade fries). My coworker had the pita and she really liked it. She also got their hot sauce (not the bottle, they have a salsa type sauce) and she really liked it - said it was super hot. They don't have any alcohol (if you're looking forward to it with your meal), but I'd definitely return. We stopped into their cafe/bakery next for and their cookies look really good but we didn't end up taking anything home.
More than disappointed... especially after the glowing reviews. 

I went in for lunch on a Friday with my family, simply desiring a sit down lunch for my children which didn't involve French fries. The lunch menu was quite simple-only five chicken selections with your choice of various side dishes.  

First I ordered the Shwarma... "Sorry, we are out of that" was the reply.  I reviewed the menu options and tried again, asking for the Kebobs. Only to be told, "we are out of that too". The cashier was apologetic and explained that they would be closed tomorrow, however I found it odd that they would not have nearly half of their small selection. I settled on a different chicken plate and was then asked to choose my sides. 

I took a look at the sides and asked for rice. "Sorry, we are out of rice". Uh oh, not this again. No rice?  I am seriously considering leaving at this point, but the reviews are so good I decided to stick it out. This time I ask for a side salad. Two guesses as to the reply... yep, out of salad too. I look around the establishment and see several other tables with people-Lord only knows what they are eating (since nothing in the menu is available)! The only options left are fries (exactly what I wanted to avoid) and Israeli salad, so I order that. 

My total for two lunch plates and two drinks, a whopping $32.  I couldn't believe it. Definitely more expensive than expected. 

Also, when I sat down there were no high chairs to sit my daughter. Oh well, I should have expected that one. The food that came out was not bad, but my experience had already been soured at this point. The food wasn't good enough to redeem the experience. 

I honestly can't understand why this place is rated so highly. There are far too many wonderful options in Scottsdale to waste your money here. Sorry.
We were in the mood for this type of food and based on reviews we decided to try this spot. When we pulled up we realized it was owned by the same people who own Mozarts (which I like), but the food here wasn't comparable.

Based on the cashier's recommendations, we tried the chicken schwarma pita and the plate version. We also ordered a side of fries. As soon as we got home and opened up our meal we realized the fries were raw potatoes soaked in oil which we ended up throwing away. How do you screw up fries!? The schwarma was even worse. The chicken was super greasy, over cooked and not very tasty. The plate came with no veggies and was literally an expensive pile of meat. 

The meal was very disappointing!
This restaurant is not worth the effort.  My guest and I arrived at 12:50pm on Monday, Restaurant opens at 11am.  We were seated close to the kitchen area---TV Blasting--requested it to be turned down--which was done.  Went to order our lunch choice they did not have any white chicken meat only thigh meat.  My guest said her lunch was less than fair Chicken Schwarma made with thigh meat. I ordered ChickenKebob was informed no kebobs, then ordered Chilled Chicken breast and was informed there is not white meat.  GIVE ME A BREAK!!!   I ended up ordering Chicken Schwarma Plate-dark which I dislike--plate came out with meat cold, pita cold and during the conversing with my guest my guest and I viewed the chef eating during preparation of our lunch, the chef became irate when asked to reheat my order as the chicken was cold. Yelling out the chicken is not cold then sticking his hand into the meat not even sure if I received a new order of meat.  The plate was cold and probably cooled down the chicken.   The pita was also sent back and returned still cold.The pita had no taste.  This restaurant should not be opened for business they do not know how to prep food and serve at a proper temperature nor how to accept their customer comes first. 

The Board of Health should come in and do a spot check as (1) chef should not be consuming food doing cooking orders and(2) the gentleman who takes orders and serves food should not be rubbing his eyes as he handles dishes and serves food.   (3) Not only this a young man came in and needed money I guess maybe to go shopping??  But the chef is the person who opened his own wallet and gave this young man money and then proceeded to handled food for an order--did not wash his hands.  Will never go back
Same owners as Mozarts and they should be ashamed for opening Paprika! There was hardly any customers in the restaurant, this should have said enough, but i will always give 1 try and trust me this restaurant did not deserve this one try.
I love this place. They're very helpful, they will custom make a made to order meal for you,  the food is delicious and the portions are ample.
This place has opened up exactly where Blue Nile was closed down. The menu is almost exactly the same (with some Americanized add-ons), so you could just as well say  they changed the name. Same furniture and decor even, though they are showing a lot of wear. Love the the tables with the beans and lentils inlaid. The service is always better than at Lalibela - this is almost like a hidden gem after 4 years, though the strip mall lot continues to look seedy. 

I always share the vegan combo with the hubby, and the Wats kick ass - they have tonnes of vegan options. The sambussas and lentil soups are good too.  Finish off with the orange flavored vegan coffee cake, ALWAYS! How do they make that vegan cream??? Never tried the east of the red sea stuff - there are plenty of places where you can eat hummus and falafal, so why have the usual here? My only gripe is that Blue Nile rarely had the goat cheese on plantain available, and now Juba says they don't make those anymore. That really was some gourmet appetizer!
This restaurant is great. It's relatively cheap but the food is quality, the servers are extremely friendly and helpful, and the restaurant has a nice ambiance to it. You can sit at what I assume to be African style dining tables, on the floor, or at a table if you prefer.

This place is great if you're vegan or vegetarian--especially when going out to eat with people who aren't, because there's plenty options for both.

I'd recommend the vegetable samosas, baba ghannouj (my personal favorite) and then getting one of the vegetable (or meat) dishes with 5 different 'platters,' which are sort of like tapas or dim sum but with flavorful African/middle eastern flavors.
Blue Nile's Ethiopian menu is still served plus an addition of another menu. Great food! Average hummus though... I would pass on that, but everything else is great.
Cheap prices, great quality, deluces food. I am a Saudi and they do the rice dish perfect in similer manner to the Saudi style!
Keep it up guys!
Kind of loved this place, but I felt a little weird being only one of two females (dining with my husband and female friend) in the whole place.  Could be a cultural thing. 

Super friendly wait staff.  Nice mix of Lebanese, Ethiopian and other middle east cuisines.  You can sit at tables, or around another section at traditional mesabs (sp?) or on the floor without shoes.  If I would have know this I would have worn better socks.  Of course the husband wanted to eat on the floor.  Food was good, I've had better Ethiopian.  Relatively cheap compared to other restaurant of similar quality.  I would go back, with new socks :)
Blue Nile was good, this is better. It's really good, guys. I was really happy after the meal, in the way that only food can do if something unhappy deep inside of you has been satiated. The food is super inexpensive too. There's an Ethiopian menu and a Mediterranean one.

The berbere mix they use here is pretty mild, but I think it's better that way. I usually prefer in-your-face-spice, the kind that you know will make your taste buds gush and pop. If not that, I at least like spicy because it's interesting and makes the other flavors taste better. This berbere was neither, but the subtle notes of the spices worked so well together it produced the same effect! This Ethiopian guy I met once told me you can evaluate how good an Ethiopian place's food is by the berbere--it's present in so many dishes. 

The injera was OK; the most important part to me was that it wasn't soggy like it's been sitting out too long. I think injera is usually more sour, and the flavor didn't hold up to the food's, but since the food was so good it was fine. I didn't get to try the Doro Wat (they were out) but I'm going back today to try it.

The Mediterranean dishes weren't super Mediterranean-y, seemed like they had an African influence on them. Or maybe they were. Either way pretty decent.

Technique doesn't matter as much as flavor for this type of food, but I didn't notice anything majorly wrong.

And the owner is really nice! That doesn't make the food taste better, but it makes a better restaurant.

I've had two great meals in the last two weeks--one in a top Zagat rated restaurant in Boston (for ~$100), and here (for like $10). My only fear is that since this place is new, it's in a honeymoon phase and the effort level will drop off soon.
Not the best Ethiopian I had. The food was actually less spicy and does not have that flavor I am used to. Dora wat and misir wat is good. Oh and they had shrimp....first time I seen that as an option....
Awesome food, great service.  You can feel the culture
Definitely a fan.  Everyone who I take to this place loves it.  Great food with great service.  The guy even threw a couple things in free while we waited.  I like how the one room you can sit on floor cushions as well.
The chicken shwarma was good. But both times my girlfriend ordered, they came back saying "oh we don't have that" even when I asked for tea. And the other employees set in the next room being very loud and obnoxious in their native tongue. It took almost an hour for two all orders because they stood around talking
People here doesn't seem to write yelp review as often. I almost miss this gem because of the few reviews.

it is a very unique place, with seating choice of on the table, or on the floor, of course we chose the floor. it is just so relaxing sitting on the floor eating :) 

Food here tastes great too, the lamb meat was falling off the bone, and melts in your mouth. salad was refreshing. 

only complain is that the serving for this place is HUGE, the two of us would definitely gotten full if we only ordered one dish.
I love this food here, service-not so much.

As someone with genetically determined diet, it's difficult to enjoy eating out anymore. This place is great because I can go here with my family and we can eat according to our different diets. 

They offer floor-seating. This is a perfect option for large parties. There are two menus, one Greek/Mediterranean and the other Ethiopian. 

Service is sparse. I've only seen two servers for the whole restaurant each time. They also cashier. This makes for very occupied servers.

This is a bummer, but the food is worth the wait.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! I love the food and atmosphere! Friendly staff...and great ethnic food!
You have to try the Somali Tea (ask for no cream if you are Vegan).

Love JUBA.  The Sambusa appetizers are my favorite. The amount of food you get is AMAZING for the price.  It is clean , very good service, and love the middle eastern/ east african vibe and atmosphere.  You can sit on the floor , or at tables/booths.

It is a small restaurant...nothing fancy.  They have goat, lamb, chicken, fish, etc.

I am a Hebrew, so I am very picky about pork products.  NO WORRIES here.  Everything is separated and freshly cooked to order.

Now, if you are looking for a restaurant with more Ethiopian foods and dishes, this is not the place.  It is more Middle Eastern and Somali.
Juba is an authentic Somali restaurant right in the heart of downtown Tempe. The owner is great and the food is delicious. The rice is crazy good.
I liked the ambience. Quite different from the usual restaurants around tempe. Food tasted good. The service was little slow.  The juice contained more ice and water and less juice. But yeah the food compensated for the horrible juice.
Juba has amazing food! If your taste buds are as adventurous as mine, this place is a must try! 

I wanted a different dining experience, one that made me feel like I was somewhere else. I wanted to find a place where they served traditional ethnic food, while eating on the floor. What do you know, I found it! You are more than welcome to eat on dining tables, but if you want to go all out, take off your shoes and sit on the floor!

Whenever I go to a new restaurant, I like to ask the waiter what they would recommend and/or personally eat. I don't say no to many foods, so this girl ordered the lamb and goat on a bed of rice. I'm not an expert on Ethiopian food, but I know when something makes my taste buds wanting more. My dish was well prepared - bringing out flavors I'm not familiar with. 

The food is inexpensive and the portions are large enough to share. What more can you ask for?
Seriously THE ABSOLUTE WORST place to get Ethiopian food. However the Mediterranean menu is awesome BEST FALAFEL IVE EVER HAD I swear. Five stars because the FALAFEL. Really good prices on everything. 
Also they have cute floor seating. The kids that work there are RUDE but I don't think they know any better. They must be dumb. Only one guy is really nice who works there. He will stand out. 

I just ignore the crappy attitudes and enjoy the hummus and falafel and pay the cheap bill. 
You have been warned.
Love the food here. Great experiences eating there and you can call in an order and pick it up. Large portions and the staff is friendly.
It's been ages since I had Ethiopian cuisine. The last time I ate here was when it was still named Blue Nile. It looks like they kept the Blue Nile menu, but then expanded it to include more general Middle Eastern dishes.

We stepped in for lunch, and saw the large advertised sign on the window for $5.99 lunch. There are 2 large menus to choose from. Browsing through the menu, we couldn't find the lunch specials on it anywhere. When I asked the waiter where I could find the lunch specials on the menu though, he vaguely pointed to the 3 pictures on the window in front, and briefly described them. Maybe it's just me, but it's odd to not have at least a printed paper description of your lunch specials at your table if they are so boldly displayed on your window front. Since there were only 3 of them, it would not be that hard to describe or print out!

Anyways, we decided to share the veggie/meat Ethiopian combo ($9.50). My friend asked "Is it good?" and the waiter replied almost instantaneously "It's alright." Not very reassuring, no? So we asked what would be better. After some hesitation, he pointed to quite possibly the most benign, Americanized, and uninspiring menu item, the grilled chicken salad. He then went on to say that the combos were quite popular (...But not good?). Faced with this rather odd discourse, we decided to carry on with our plan to get an Ethiopian dish and take the risk!

The combo came out in fairly quickly. The dish came with grilled beef, chicken, and 3 veggies of your choosing. Unfortunately, despite having the waiter repeating our choices for us and pointing to them on our menu, one of the items was not the right veggie. Despite this mix up, the combo tasted good, and the injera bread went well with the meat and vegetables. 

Even though the sign out front says they were open from 11 to 10 that day, they decided to close at 1 P.M. and left the "Open" neon sign lit. Quite a few people tried to enter the restaurant only to find out that it was locked. We got there a little after 12 and were still eating when they locked up the door. They let us know that we could take our time and the chef could let us out when we were done, but we felt uneasy being the only customers in there, trapped inside so we left as soon as we finished. I'm not sure if they normally close at 1 P.M., but perhaps changing their signage or leaving a sign describing why you are closed just that day would help clear any confusion.

I used to really like going to Blue Nile for both the food and the service years ago, but since the change in management and name this rather odd eating experience has left me leery to frequent this restaurant again. On to Lalibela perhaps for our next Ethiopian outing!
Here's the plan. You have a friend who likes adventurous, flavorful food but who just can't quite manage to like "mediterranean" food. You will take the friend to Juba. You will order for that friend the Chicken Shawarma meal. You will see your friend like Mediterranean food.

Or we could drop the pseudonyms and you could buy me some chicken shawarma. The spicing is somehow different from what I've had at Greek restaurants, and I like it better. On some future visit, I may try the goat, though I've had goat before elsewhere, so I don't get Adventurous Points for eating goat any more.

Entrees run about $11-$12, so for a dive ethnic restaurant, this isn't cheap-cheap, but the portions are gluttonously huge. The chicken shawarma is at least the poultry bulk of a healthy Cornish game hen, served on what I would consider to be a week's supply of very nice rice. There is also a frill of salad and a puddle of respectable hummus, with pleasant pita.

Service is sweet-natured and pleasant, and if you're bored during the short wait, you can read the free Pakistan West newspaper and decide that you really need to go to Pakistan to ride the Karachi Circular Railway when it's rebuilt.
I thought the food here was pretty good - cheap too. It started as an Ethiopian restaurant but the server told me that some Somalis bought it. The atmosphere was fine and they have a sitting room - see photo. The service was fine and the bathrooms were clean. My date enjoyed her Vegan meal and I enjoyed my beef dish. We left thoroughly satisfied - the portions were adequate. I would come here again. Celebrate Diversity! Solid!
I visited Hummus Xpress for the first time yesterday on a referral from a friend.  I am a huge fan of Middle Eastern food, and consider myself to have discerning tastes.  My favorite places include the now shuttered Sabuddy's and Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe in Phoenix.  I have always thought there was a huge opportunity for a restaurant to remake and redefine Middle Eastern food like Chipotle has done to Mexican food.  Hummus Xpress appears to be taking on the challenge.

Upon arrival on Friday around 12pm my friend and I were warmly greeted by who I assume to be the owner and entrepreneur and another line cook.  Now imagine Chipotle: Before us were about 30 different Middle Eastern salads, sides, sauces, hummus to choose from.  You start by picking your menu option: pita, salad, or plate, I believe were the options.  Then you choose your meat.  They had grilled, marinated chicken, beef, gyro, and vegetarian.

I picked the plate and started to load up.   I got a mixture of cooked brocolli, cauliflower, and zuchini, eggplant, purple kale, regular hummus, pickles. jalapenos, tabouli, cucumber, and turkish salad.  My meat selection was gyro and chicken based on the owner's suggestion.  There were about 15 things that I couldn't fit on the plate including a couple rices options, cous cous, several different hummus, lots of sauces, almonds, raisins, olives, you get the point.  I also ordered a side of falafel. The owner was very gracious and offered to let us sample anything before adding it to the plate.  I declined knowing that this place was for real.

The food was magnificent.  All of the vegetables were cook and seasoned well.  All of the salads and sides were incredibly fresh and tasty.  The meat was delicious.  The portion were huge.  I was stuffed upon leaving.  The only thing I didn't care for was the falafel.  They were prepared fresh, but they were too dense, and the tahini wasn't right.  I couldn't tell you exactly what was wrong with them, but if you want proper falafel and tahini go to Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe.

Overall, though, the restaurant is an amazing concept that I believe will satisfy many discerning fans of Middle Eastern food.  It will satisfy herbivores, carnivores, and omnivores alike.  The quality and value is top notch.  And I think the concept is a winner, and I would like to be the first investor!

Best wishes to the owner and team at Hummus Xpress.  I will be there frequently!
UPDATE!

The guys at Hummus Xpress took my criticism of their falafel seriously.  The chef/owner remade the classic falafel into something awesome and unique.  It's now more moist, flavorful, light, and fresh.  It's truly excellent!

And I'd like to highlight their roasted, caramelized eggplant and unique pomegranate baba ganoush.

Hummus Xpress is a phenomenal Middle Eastern dining experience!
My boyfriend and I went not knowing what to expect and we were pleasantly surprised. Tons of options! Think Chipotle but Mediterranean and more side options. Overall VERY satisfied. Great flavors on all the different sides (again, so many options!) Looking for a good meal that's not too pricy? Hummus Xpress for sure. When I went there weren't many drink options. Canned soda and waters were all that you could purchase. I don't drink soda and sometimes water just doesn't hit the spot like a nice tea or other non-carbonated beverage would. I hope that once the business picks up this could be updated to provide other options.

It's a small place, but great menu/decor/atmosphere design inside (something I appreciate a lot).
I hope this local & original place does well.
I would not have known about this place but for friends posting pictures of amazing looking hummus bowls on instagram. This place is tucked into a strip mall that, for whatever reason, I have never had occasion to visit despite living 1/4 mile from it for the majority of my adult life. Although strip mall is generally depressing (it's next to an MMJ doctor and a dry cleaner) the atmosphere is clean and modern if a bit stark. 

A reviewer below mentioned that this is sort of a middle eastern Chipotle, which is a useful comparison. You basically chose a bowl, a pita, or a platter. Each option entitles you to a certain number of meats (or vegetables) and an unlimited number of toppings. The proprietor is more than friendly and guides you through the process, perhaps a bit too thoroughly, but it's great to see an engaged small business owner who cares about his product. 

The food is outstanding. I'm a vegetarian and my girlfriend is vegan and there were plenty of options. Every filling was extremely flavorful in a non-cloying way. Sometimes the prospect of eating vegetables and hummus leaves something to be desired, but dishes like the roasted eggplant, cous cous, and the various hummuses (hummusi?) were so interesting and complex that I was excited to go back and try the dishes I missed. 

I would have given the place 4 stars if not for one quibble - VEGAN TAX. Allow me to explain. Some establishments, this one included, do not deduct a dollar (or two) for omitting meat from the meal. There is no way that hummus costs as much as lamb, so in theory, a vegetarian bowl should reflect the difference in price. Instead of reducing the price accordingly, places that charge the same essentially profit from the difference between the cost of a meat dish and that of a vegan dish. In my opinion, this shouldn't be passed off on vegans/vegetarians, and essentially operates as a tax on vegans. If the guy lowered the price of a veggie pita/bowl/platter, I would go here more often.

Vegan tax aside, the food is great and fresh and the staff is nice. I'll definitely go here again and would recommend it to friends.
I think we have an up and coming Yelp favorite everyone! They have only been open a short time but the quality of the food is quite good. They have it set up so that one  goes through it in sort of an operational line, picking the items one wants in the pita, bowl or the dinner plate size, and the food is basically Lebanese. 

The seasoned rice (yes, I forgot what it is called) is amazing and for vegetarians there is a bevy of no-meat options. I did try the gyros meet with the dinner size option but the grilled eggplant is also quite good. They also have a seasonal veggie option and the day I went it was rainbow kale - kale, how cool is that one folks!

I plan to go back and update my review after a few times but right now I would say this is a culinary gem located, as Juan B notes, in a strip mall, but that is sometimes where you find the best eating experiences, right? Looks like, based on Kory L's review, that I will have to try the falafel next time, sounds delicious! :-)
Delicious!! We've been craving Lebanese food and are so happy that there's a place in the valley that has Lebanese dishes! Awesome concept-- can mix and match tons of middle eastern sides and dishes. All are so good. The falafel, basil cilantro hummus, rice pilaf, and shoug(?), and eggplant are so tasty. Great because you can mix and match to get lots of variety and flavor. The owner is really nice and super friendly too. An ideal place for vegetarians.
Great concept and food. Went in for the first time tonight and got the falafel pita with eggplant and couscous. The falafel was better than most places in town but seemed to fall apart a little too easily. Will definitely be back here
I went to this place because I needed something to eat on my lunch work break and I try to take the fun relatively healthy approach.

This is NOT another Pita Pit. The owner/CHEF Eddie is right there working hard.

It's like gourmet food to go.  He compared it as the Chipotle of Mediterranean cuisine, I agree but even more so. He told me how the pitas come from a local bakery fresh (can't remember name), and he was most exuberant describing everything.

There were a lot of choices and I didn't know where to start because I don't know this cuisine and Eddie was more than happy to put together a pita combination as he is a chef. He asked me if I wanted vegetarian or not and then he went down the line putting a combination together for me on the fly working with my preferences.

When I finally had my pita (see picture) the flavors were awesome! I was tasting something I could very happily eat in a sit down restaurant. I do not know where else you can get such a high quality food quickly and for a decent cost.
This place just created a TASTE-GASM on my tongue !

Best Mediterranean place around Tempe give this place a go !
Drove by this place & made a note to check it out.  Stopped to see what everyone on Yelp thought and that sealed the deal.  

So many options, endless combinations, and a very friendly staff.  The food was delicious and I will definitely be heading back to sample some more.  What a bargain.  I opted for the "plate" which comes with 2 proteins, 2 veggies, 1 salad, toppers, and a sauce, oh! and hummus.  I wound up with chicken, beef, roasted veggies, the kale, chopped salad, hummus, olives, pickles, pita, garlic aioli, and a pita for under $10!
i really loved my falafel pita. i was a little bit skeeeered at first to create my own, ya know, with the classic falafel pita creation being so divine. but i went for it. i added roasted beet hummus, fried eggplant, garlic aioli (put this on everything, please), tatziki and some other goodness. i went there for lunch and seriously though about going back for dinner to try another version. can't wait to go back. solid stuff.
This place is a perfect, healthier option in the Tempe area. The food tastes fresh, the pricing is very good for the amount of food you get and the staff are so friendly. I will definitely eat here again!
I live right near this place and had been meaning to stop by; it is always a pleasure to see a new local business pop up. My fiance's Vegan sister was in town and we needed to get something quick and tasty after a long day. I took orders and left for my one block journey. When I arrived the two gentleman working greeted me with smiles and took some time to get to know me. Everything looked AMAZING! I told them I needed something vegan and Eddie took it upon himself to create a masterpiece of Mediterranean Vegan friendly meals. They let me sample anything I wanted and I ended up with a wonderful gyro bowl with caramelized egg plant, roasted potatoes, and so many other yummy things. I would give this place 5 stars for their customer service alone, but they have amazing food as well.
This place is great!  The owner is the Chef and uses fresh home made from scratch food.  Each dish has delicious flavor!  There are endless combinations!  Even my 2 1/2 yr old son loved it!
Awesome med food, and they got the best gyros. I tried their Lamb gyro which was too good. They got variety of hummas and the way they serve food like chipotle is a good idea and different.
Yum! They really have some very flavorful food, I loved the rice and hummus and the chicken was seasoned and cooked so well, the falafel was my fav.  I worry about food temps, I felt a little queezy a little while after eating, but it passed very fast, and it may not have had anything to do with the meal, but I automatically thought it could have because of how the food appeared...  I won't shy away from trying again if I am in the area...
This place is pretty great.  I was thinking about Hummus Express earlier today because I plan on going tonight and I gleaked.  My mouth began water so much that I sprayed my disgusting spit all over the place like a dilophosaurus.

Dude, try the beet hummus.  It's pink and looks awful and weird but it's amazing.  Their falafel is pretty damn solid.  

I just love it, man.  I love the way it's set up.  I want more people to come and to support this awesome place.
Delicious.  Great falafel.  Always great service and they're always accommodating.  

Also if you're not sure about anything ask if you can taste it, they will gladly let you try anything.
Yummy, fresh, fast Mediterranean . Generous portions and friendly staff. Definitely going to visit here often.
Absolutely wonderful. Speed, price, service and taste! Will be finding excuses to go and take friends too!
This place impressed me so much, that it inspired me to write my first Yelp review. 

I work about half a mile away from this place, and noticed it was newish driving by. For about 2 months, I intended to try it. Today, I finally took the plunge and walked in not knowing what to expect. 

The place is small, and there were only about 4 people sitting at tables, even though there were 3 people working behind the counter. The place is set up kinda like a Chipotle or a Qdoba - you pick the type of meal you want, and right in front of you are all the different options to include. 

I choose a bowl and filled it with both types of rice, chicken, grilled eggplant, red pepper hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, green onions, and feta. It also came with my choice of a regular pita or a whole wheat pita. Everything looked amazing! Upon my first bites I discovered it TASTED amazing. Everything was good on it's own, and it was every better when I started mixing it all together. I devoured the whole thing. It is very easy to eat healthy here, since everything is so fresh and so tasty. 

I strongly urge everyone to try this place -- they need to stay open so I can solidify it as my regular lunch spot. 

The customer service was superb too -- they explained to me how the meals worked and even let me try the hummus since I must have looked distraught over having too many options. 

My bowl and my pita rang in for less than $8. Fantastic!
Can't say I'm a fan. Sad cuz I love hummus. The pita was hard to choke down, it iis served cold and it was very dry. However, the place is very clean and a cool atmosphere. I will give them another try and get something different. Maybe it was just an off day.
Outstanding food! Gary (one part of my Dining Trio) and I were hungry after attending a conference. We were cruising by the choices on Broadway and saw "HUMMUS" on the strip mall store. That made me curious. So, we adventured into the restaurant to give it a try. Very worthwhile!

Whether you are a vegan, vegetarian or meat eater, you will find something you love here. The staff was very engaging, friendly and helpful. It took a few minutes to wrap our heads around how the choices work. You can engineer your own great meal, picking and choosing by sight what you want.

One thing: if you like falafel, try it here! It was some of the best. And I used to eat it when I traveled in the Middle East. Gary and I shared the largest plate and had a blast trying this and that, and adding this topping and that topping. The eggplant was pretty darn yummy, too.

Go in with a sense of adventure, and try the offerings. Try new tastes and open up your world to new flavors and textures. This type of food is very healthy. It was a fun dining experience and I wish Hummus were in Tucson. I'd be a regular!
this place is like a greek chipotle. you can be an healthy or unhealthy as you would like, but everything is great! its quick and easy and great for a quick fresh lunch. i would definitly recommend this place!!
I like this place, the food is fresh and authentic. Prices are good too think of it like a Mediterranean Chipotle style place. I always get the pita and have it topped with whatever I am feeling for lunch that day. Check it out if your'e in the neighborhood you will enjoy it.
We came here for dinner tonight. Five stars for the service alone. Granted we were the only customers in the building, but the owner/chef really went above and beyond to please us on our first visit. Really, I was blown away.

The food was good. I could tell that some of the items had been sitting out for a while. But I do not fault them for it. Why? Because it was completely dead inside. According to the owner/chef, they are extremely busy during lunch hours, but traffic slows down severely around dinnertime. Given that, they at least had every advertised item available, and most of it looked and tasted fresh.

So come on, people. Try this place for dinner sometime. Not only will the owner thank you, but so will the rest of the dinnertime customers.
Like other reviewers said the owner is very nice. We decided to try this since we read all the positive reviews on yelp. 

We did not like the the food being cold. (Chicken, potato) Did not feel like fresh just cooked food.  We went in around 2pm.
We picked this place based on yelp reviews.  Thanks!! This is now our "go to" for gyros.
This place offers a nice amount of toppings, awesome make your own pita/plate/bowl.

Please give this local business a shot.
I actually stumbled upon this place by chance.  I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite in between sessions of my daughter's swim championships.  I was going to go to the juice bar next door but it turned out to be a diet/nutrition place with a membership requirement, so I started talking to Eddie at Hummus Xpress.  He was so incredibly personable and accommodating that I had to give his restaurant a shot.  Everything smelled amazing so it made it an easier decision.

First, let me reiterate....Eddie, the owner, is forthright, honest, and incredibly nice.  As previously mentioned, the concept is like a Mediterranean Chipotle with the difference being this is locally owned and sourced food with lots of organic, vegan friendly, and fresh food.  You pick your choice of bowl, plate, or pita and then add main meat or vegetable component, added toppings such as hummus(6 kinds made fresh daily), tabouli, etc.  From there, you pick topping of sauces, hot sauces, olives, tzatziki amd more.  

Eddie will let you sample whatever you would like.  The gyro mean is so tasty but I rolled with the slow roasted braised beef.  All I can say is you must try this place, whether or not you are in the area.  It will be well worth your time.
I'm constantly serching for quick healthy lunch options. This place is exactly what I was looking for!  It's basically like a Mom and Pop Chiptole with Mediterranean Food. Everything was colorful, fresh, healthy. I will be adding this to my frequent lunch spots!
Tried this place for the first time and was very impressed. The owner/chef made a ton of helpful (and delicious) suggestions, the food was great and the price was on point. We went mid-afternoon time and the food tasted freshly made. Also worth mentioning-this place is very allergy/vegetarian/vegan friendly.
So glad I found this gem! My favorite place in Phoenix Metro now. Price is great for what you get and every item is so tasty and well-seasoned and most items are pretty healthy too. The owners are really nice and very accommodating and I recommend everyone try it :-)
You can't find a place within 30 miles of ASU that has the quality of healthy food for the price , it is a friendly place with a character you do not find  in the franchises that serve inferior food at a higher price. The food is fresh, healthy, and very  priced ....only a walk from the ASIA campus. Best find for me this summer !
The owner is from Lebanon, and knows some authentic food. The place opened near my house and their sides for food are great. They cook it more authentic than other "pita" joints that just toss some kebab meat on a pita and call it a day. This is the only place that has awesome sides like tabouli salad and roasted eggplant that comes with your meal. They've been known to have live music and crazy business at lunch. Honestly, they have some of the best food and should get recognized for it!
The food is fantastic, the prices are low, and the staff is super friendly.  This is my favorite lunch spot bar none!
My husband and I were excited to try yet another mostly vegetarian restaurant (don't worry carnivores...they have meet too!)

We each got a "bowl" - I loaded mine with Falafel, saffron rice, broccoli, eggplant (YUMMMY), cilantro & jalapeno hummus, cucumbers, onions, cilantro, tzaziki(?) sauce and shung sauce...

The Falafel were REALLY good...closest I've had in the states since I ate them in Israel. The flavors of all the veggies were really nice...and it came with a pita as well

Definitely a great place to go if you like hummus and mediterranean flavors!

We will definitely return :)
This place is great!  I had lunch at Hummus Xpress for the first time today and I will be back for more.

I had a "bowl" and filled it with rice pilaf, gyro meat, ginger glazed carrots, jalapeno cilantro hummus, lentil kale salad and chose the whole wheat pita.  There are lot's of combinations to choose from and I will what to give them all a try.

Don't be put off by the neighborhood, it's industrial and little dated.  The food is great, the service is great, and it's easy find and to get to.  Recommended!
I am half way done eating my meal and I couldn't yelp this place fast enough!  I got a plate with beef and gyro.  The beef was a recommendation by a employee.  The beef was/is AMAZING!  The meats were all warm.  The carrots were spicy and delish!  They gave me a ton of kalamata olives which I LOVE.  The portions are beyond generous.  

This place is top notch and I will definitely be back!
First time visiting and everyone was very friendly. One employee walked me through each of the options and let me try everything before. I definitely recommend this place for lunch in Tempe!
Absolutely awesome concept! Tons of vegetarian and vegan options (all labeled such) for building a plate, pita sandwich or bowl.  Way too many things to list, but I chose a bowl with rice, 1 veggie, 1 hummus, and falafal served with a side of pita. 

Owner is great if you're a first timer walking you through the options and makes great suggestions. Highly recommend for lunch or dinner - seriously - GO HERE!
I love middle eastern food and this didn't disappoint. All the hummus flavors were amazing. Large portions and great prices also!
What an amazing alternative restaurant! Employees were so helpful with explanations, and my meal was oddly amazing - coming back for sure, and adding it to my top 5 vegan options!!!!
I'm so glad I found this restaurant on yelp today.  Amazing food!!!  The other reviewers are right!  You won't be disappointed. :-)
So delicious! Great for veg and nonveg ppl. The food is actually flavorful and pretty healthy. The service is also amazing really genuine and sincere. Loved it and would recommend it for lunch!
I stumbled upon this place on yelp, saw the amazing reviews and decided I had to give-er-a-go.  The ordering process is a little confusing but the employees are very helpful. I believe the owner  made my bowl of awesome, and he was very cheery.  I was a little hesitant on how I would like the food because all of the ingredients were pretty much piled on each other, but I was very surprised that all the flavors mixed perfectly together.  I ordered the bowl and had gyro, saffron rice, roasted potatoes, onions, tomatoes, green onions, chipotle hummus, lentil salad, garbanzo beans, feta cheese and just a touch of tahini sauce.  I was starting to feel a little full halfway through the bowl, but the food was so great that I couldn't put it down.  I'll definitely be back and I'm really excited that there is finally a good restaurant in that strip mall!!!
Been to this place twice. I live in New Mexico. I was there a second time because I made sure to book the same hotel so I'd be close to this place.

SO good. Lemonade with rosewater! Braised kale. Delicious chick pea and lentil salads. GREAT falafal. Good tzaziki. YUMMY baklavah.

Had leftovers that I scarfed a few hours later at my hotel. I have a roving palate, but there was nothing I wanted more than more of my Hummus Xpress. 

Call first. I was sad to find out they were closed pretty early on the weekends.
I need to Xpress my appreciation for this place.

Hummus Xpress is all about cafeteria-style, mix and match Mediterranean food.  You start with a plate, a bowl, or a pita, then pick a meat (or an non-meat, or no meat), some veggies (lots of choices), some hummus (or not) and then a salad and rice (or not), and then maybe a sauce (or not).  Do it yourself--get a lot of a little or a little of a lot--however you want it.  There's always many choices.

Their hummus is shot through with kale and cilantro--enough to add greens and a little spice, but not too much.  Falafel?  Fala-full of flavor.  Nothing is pre-made, EVERYTHING is fresh.  Great taste, great price, nice and fast, extreme service.  Good for lunch or dinner or a snack.  Veggie friendly.

Work nearby? Lunch.  Live nearby?  They deliver.  Do it.
Hot pink hummus? Now you're speaking my language. This place is like a delicious choose your own Mediterranean flavor adventure. 

You can get a pita, salad or bowl and fix it up the way you want- sort of like Chipotle or Cafe Rio. Everything I tried was outstanding. I had two kinds of hummus- beet and cilantro. The star for me was beet. It was slightly sweet and so pretty on the plate- neon pink!

The chicken was tender and flavorful and the bowl had saffron rice which was also a delight. The tzatziki sauce had a slight spicy kick which I've never had, but ended up really enjoying as well. 

The owner was working the counter and he was so nice. I really hope this place does well. 

I'll be back for sure!!
Hummus Xpress is legit! One of the best fast-casual restaurants in the Valley. Metro Phoenix is lousy with Mediterranean restaurants, and that's a good thing. I had a conversation with the owner about this, and we both agreed that Pita Jungle played a big part in spreading the growing acceptance and consumer love for this delicious cuisine. 

The Mediterranean restaurants in town are all pretty damn good for the most part. I would be hard-pressed to pick a favorite. This one is right up there at the top of the list. In fact, I may just go ahead and make a list. 

The way you order here is similar to eating at Chipotle or Q-doba, but instead of tortillas you're getting a pita and different fixings... except cheese. Pretty much everything you could pile onto a plate here is healthy, and it's all fresh. This would definitely make this a great place to try as your first foray into this type of food if you're a virgin.

The kitchen is immaculate and you can see it all from the dining room. The service is friendly and quick. And of course, the food is fresh and absolutely delicious. Since you get to pick what you want to eat, if you don't like it - it's pretty much your fault. I had a pita with beef and fixings, while my girlfriend had a chicken plate (which also comes with a pita, but you get extra protein). We both ate ourselves stuffed. 

This strip used to be kinda dead - this spot used to be an always-empty Chinese place where the owner didn't give a shit anymore, but the new owner cleared out all remnants of what it used to be and transformed it into something great. The neighbor at Detroit Coney Grill did the same thing, and now this strip is bustling. 

Hummus Xpress delivers (like actually delivers food to your door), so there's really no excuse to not try it. It was easy to give 5 stars here... I love this place. I will most definitely be back.
Went here for a quick lunch, was mightily impressed by the choices, combinations, and flavors. I chose to do a plate and selected the grilled tomatoes, lamb, and chicken schwarma. I proceeded to try the lentil salad, and other sides. There were many different types of hummus and sauces to choose from. I can't wait to come back and try the others!.
One of my favorite places to go. The staff is very friendly and always making great recommendations for the perfect dish. The food itself is truly delicious, and there are so many options to try for a low cost.
I want to preface my review with the fact that my Mediterranean knowledge is based on a handful of places in the valley; some better than others, (in my opinion).  At the risk of the yelp*ing community throwing themselves off Camelback mountain, I have to say that Pita jungle sort of sets the bar for me when it comes to overall taste, portion size, and quality.  Having said that, I was fortunate to try Hummus Xpress (hard to take the place serious with the name) this afternoon.  Based on the reviews alone, I was expecting a lot and was not disappointed. Live music, handful of tables, not much of a line and fairly straightforward system of ordering.  If you read more than two other reviews, I don't have to repeat the process.  It was nice to get some guidance from the line, though I was a little confused by the pricing aspect: .60 cents per item on veggies.  I wasn't clear if that was across the menu or just that region but I was so aware of it that it kept me from really wanting to pile on anymore than a single veggie.  Portion size was adequate, the bowl can hold a lot of food and you fill the bowl easily with delicious ingredients.  I sampled a few flavors of hummus and too be honest, I prefer my hummus warm which this was not but was still tasty.  What seems like a limited menu actually is fairly vast and it would be possible to have the same thing twice only by accident.  Pitas were soft and warm and the iced tea was special.  Push-button iced tea is an abomination so it was nice to see handwritten exotic flavors that didn't make you roll your eyes.  Hummus Xpress (*sigh) is now in the rotation and on the board for a good quality lunch.
Delicious! Lots of healthy options, and I love that I could go here every day and get something totally different. The owners are great too- really friendly, helpful and they listen to your input. When they first opened, they only had bottled teas and fountain soda- I was bummed that I couldn't get brewed iced tea. Now they have unique teas and delicious lemonade as well. Even if you think you don't like Mediterranean food you should try this place- it's great!
Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was delicious and full of delicious flavors! Located in a section of town with so many fast food places, this is a welcome find for a healthy delicious meal!
Good gyro's. Great selections for toppings. Quick service. Ok hummus.
Tried this for the first time today with my room mate. I insisted on Burger King, and thank goodness we didn't go there! This place is authentic, tasty, cheap and filling. I'm currently rolling around in bed making whale noises because I cannot believe how much middle eastern food I just consumed. I will definitely recommend and tell all my middle eastern cuisine loving college student friends that this is the spot!!
Yum, yum, yum!! Have been wanting to try this place for several months now and today I finally did. The owner walked me thru the process since it was my first time and I filled up the bowl with lots of goodies!! I can't wait to go back.....maybe tomorrow!!
It was okay, nothing really amazing. I was craving Mediterranean food and found this place on Yelp. For the amount of food you get, the price is pretty good. I got the plate to share with my dad and it was huge. The pita was good. The rest was quite salty, with a kind of pickled taste to it? The people who were working were so nice though. They explained how everything worked because I was obviously clueless lol.

If you need a quick fix of Mediterranean food, come here. I've had better and am willing to wait for someone to cook my food and really enjoy it.
We went here on a recommendation from someone else, and at one point my wife even said she was upset it took us so long to find this place.  Food was good, staff was friendly, and for the amount of food you get, the price is very reasonable.  We'll be back.

Also, they told us they're open until 9 PM on weekends, and they deliver now.  So don't trust the hours above.
I was only in Phoenix two days and ate here twice, that should tell you something! Pick a pita, bowl, or plate and call out your favorites. You get proteins, vegetables, rice, hummus and add ons and sauces, so lots of possible combinations. The falafel were great, fried eggplant was friggin' delicious. Hummus came in at least six different flavors, I tried the chipotle and roasted red pepper, both were fantastic. Tabbouleh fresh, lentil kale salad was off the chain. Service at the counter was above average. Maybe i need to move to Phoenix.
This place rocks. Service and food are both great. Would definitely recommend you stop in and try it out
I saw this place for the first time tonight and turned around to see what it was about. I really enjoyed the fact that they served healthy food and veggies in a quick and easy way. The hummus was very good and the choices were many. I went with the bowl for dinner and was pleasantly full and best of all my body actually knew what it ate. i will most definatly be back.
This place turned out to be a VERY nice surprise. It is definitely similar to Chipotle but the quality of food here is much better in my opinion. Im only comparing it to Chipotle due to the similarites as making your order and choosing what you would like. Fresh cooked veggies, variety in meat and hummus. You also get rice and toppings as well. 

Easy quick dinner to pick up and take home and its very filling...and given that you pretty much cannot get anything that's unhealthy here you dont feel as guilty after you stuff your face and devour the whole bowl :)
It's a small place, with great customer service and most importantly really great tasting food. Can't beat it for a casual and quick bite to eat at reasonable prices.
Yep, that's 5 stars. I've been waiting to write my 100th review for someplace special. This place is great. Very much as everyone has reported previously it's a Mediterranean Chipotle, but better.  It's a small place in an older strip mall but nice inside. You get a choice of everything. I ordered a bowl with the most beautifully marinated, tender chicken, grilled zucchini, cooked kale, a quinoa salad with garbanzos in lemony dressing, jalapeo and cilantro hummus, extra toppings and a whole wheat pita. So much food but healthy. A lot of garlic which I'm sure all of my co-workers appreciated since I ate it at my desk. But I'm fairly sure they were just jealous they weren't eating it. All this for about $8.  Highly recommend.
I love this place! It's like chipotle, except you make a pita instead of a burrito! Everything is fresh and delicious, and the owner and staff are super nice and explain it all very well. Thanks for giving Tempe some more vegetarian options!
If you like garlic, you'll love Hummus Xpress. They do not hold back! I don't know if it was any one item or everything but I had garlic mouth for the rest of the night. Luckily my boyfriend and I both got dinner so it was okay - haha!

But besides sweating garlic I really liked this place. I love the Chipotle-style way of doing the food. I got a bowl with rice, beef, carrots, quinoa salad, classic hummus and tahini sauce. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Some of the beef pieces were a tad on the dry side but overall it was good. Maybe it had been sitting a while? Also, the tatziki sauce was too strong for my taste so I would skip that next time. It's a lot of food. I ate half and was full so if you're like me you can easily get two meals out of a bowl.

Boyfriend has been looking for good falafel for a while now and he said it was very good. It must have been because he ate it all before I could try any!

The guys working behind the counter were really nice too. They were very patient and explained everything to us noobs. I will definitely be back for more!
Service 5/5: owner and employees were very helpful and genuine. 

Food 5/5: I am Lebanese and while my family does some dishes slightly different it is overall really good. I respect the fact that they don't hold back on garlic in the hummos    

Overall experience 5/5: they really made the place look nice from what it previously was, food and service very good
This place is an awesome change from the norm. Great food, cool people, and lots of options. I will be coming back.
Experienced hummus xpress for the first time tonight, and truly enjoyed the experience! The staff was very friendly and helpful and guided me through making my dish. The food was great! I am a fairly picky person and was pleased to find that I loved it! Definitely recommend!
This place was TASTY!! It was a bit confusing at first figuring out how to order, but the owner was great and explained it all. I ended up with a hummus bowl + falafel for only like $5. The falafel were fresh and I liked both hummus's (hummusi? hummuses? hummus's?). I tried the red pepper and jalepeno ones. 

They also have shug. For those of you that don't know, shug is incredible. It's so spicy and amazing and no falafel/hummus feast is complete without it, yet it's annoyingly hard to find here. Hummus Xpress has deliciously fiery lovely shug that made my day. 

Overall, great place to check out and hopefully they open more locations!
Damn, yea this place is great. I like the comparison to Chipotle, it definitely fits.
Its well priced, I got 2 meals for $8-9. 
Standard Mediterranean faire, and well done. You could make all sorts of combos out of their selection.
Definitely check it out either for lunch or dinner.
I have been here a couple of times now and love the variety of food and its very filling.
Amazing food and wonderful service! I wasn't sure how the setup worked but the staff was very friendly, made great recommendations, and they let me sample a few things as well! A bowl has a lot of food- neither my boyfriend nor I could finish it! I love that they offer falafels as a vegetarian option, and the beet hummus is a must try (I don't even like beets). Go here NOW!
Hummus Xpress was quite the pleasant surprise.  I enjoyed the variety of options, friendly/prompt service, and the fresh quality of food. It was very affordable and a great place to lunch it up. The establishment was clean(a big deal).
I have to say that I was taken aback by the freshness and quality of the food here. I was a little nervous about eating at a place in a strip mall, but am very happy that I was convinced to do so. The food was delicious, the staff was very helpful in helping me pick out items, and the portions are extremely generous. The staff described the setup/ordering as "Chipotle, for Mediterranean food". This place kicks that 'C' word restaurant's butt. Cannot wait to return. Rice, veggies, gyro meat, hummus, feta cheese, sauce, and pita were all delicious. I'm salivating while typing this up... sorry keyboard :)
So based on the outrageous reviews I just stopped here for lunch.  They must be padding their reviews based on my experience. I ordered a pita with grilled chicken, jalapeo hummus and kale.  I also ordered a side of falafel.  The pita was ok enough.. Nothing really special with it or the chicken.  It was nice to have kale, one of my favs, as a topping.  The falafel was brought out to my table and was really dark brown turning to blackish. I tried part of one and they were disgusting.  I took them back to the counter and being full from the pita, told the guy I didn't want anything else but they should be a bit more care because the falafel was way too fried.  He promptly told me I didn't know what I was talking about.  That he's from Lebanon and has eaten falafel his whole life.  I said it's still over fried.  He then ask me if I wanted him to give it to me raw because he could do that...I turned, said 'interesting customer service here' and left.  I'd never go back and would recommend you don't either.
I eat here about twice a week. Eddie, the owner and chef, is super passionate about his food, and he and the whole crew are always friendly. Every meal I've ordered has been delicious and fresh. I love the different hummus options, and the falafel is really special with lots of herbs. The food is served Chipotle style, with lots of different fillers and toppings. Eat here, you will not regret it!
The concept of this restaurant is comparable to Chipotle. You pick pita, bowl or plate, then you pick what goes inside.
I was really confused at first becasue the order of the menu on the wall was from right to left and not left to right. I wonder why...
The gal behind the counter realized quickly that we were new and started explaining the menu. I picked the pita option and some random ingredients I thought they would taste good together. The whole thing turned out amazing. You can ask for sauces and rice on the side.
A bonus to this place is the free iced tea check in offer. They had 3 very refreshing flavors: green, peach lavender, and mango. I took a cup to go and sipped on it for the rest of the day.
Great staff and great food. Enough options to have some variety each visit...or you can just stick to your favorite combos. My mouth's watering just thinking about today's lunch.  I'll definitely be back.
This place is awesome. I went there for the first time today. I asked them how the menu combinations work, I also explained that I am vegan. They took their time to explain the menu to me, which I liked. There are so many different combinations you can throw together. Lots of meat for those that like that and plenty of fillers such as roasted veggies, salads, toppings and fantastic hummus. I got a bowl with a pita on the side. I would do a plate next time for dinner. The bowl is perfect for lunch. You get your choice of wheat or white pita.
The staff is so respectful and helpful. I will definitely make this one of my regular weekly places to eat. Very excited to have found this place!
After reading the other reviews, I'm pretty much just seconding most of them.  It really is like a Mediterranean Chipotle:  Pick your size, pick your rice, pick your veggies, pick your meat, pick more veggies, pick your hummus, pick your sauce.  It's awesome, very delicious, everything fresh.  

Price is "fair".  Not expensive, not cheap.  Just fair.  My meal with a drink is like $10.

The owner/manager was also incredibly helpful in recommendations, descriptions, etc.  Great guy.

Even had a couple of kids playing sax/guitar a few times, if that's your thing.
My new favorite place for gyros.  They have so many fillings to choose from you will never run out of combinations.  Like other reviewers have posted, it's like chipotle but for Mediterranean food.  The food tastes great.  I tried the jalapeo hummus and was very pleased.  First time having kale in a gyro and it was very tasty.  Their tea is really good also.  They have mango, peach, and regular. This will be my go to place when I'm in town for business.

Update:  I just got a free baklava!  Flaky, sweet, buttery goodness.  Thank you!
I am soooooooooooooooooooooooooo excited about this place!! Quick and delicious! Just as another reviewer described, it's like the Mediterranean  version of Chipotle. You do order from right to left, you get to pick your rice, meat and veggie, hummus and as many toppings as you would like (like olives, and, other things... yeah, I was only interested in the olives) 

I was actually expecting the food not to be too fresh since it's basically served buffet style, but it was surprisingly fresh and perfect! I had the gyro meat and I honestly think it's the best gyro meat I've had in Tempe so far. Super moist and flavorful and it didn't give me indigestion! The hummus was really good, I had the plain one (If someone can't make plain hummus right, then there is no point in trying the flavored ones) It was good!!! I asked if it was made in house or bought, they told me everything is made in house.

Even the drinks were exciting! I had lavender-peach tea. It was fresh and I loved that it wasn't sweetened. Don't forget to check in and get a free tea! 

This will definitely be a regular lunch spot for me....how can you beat cheap, fresh and delicious?
This place is fantastic.  I had their bowl with beef, fried eggplant, saffron rice, classic hummus, and the kale salad.  I work close-by and plan on bringing my co-workers in.  This is definitely on the regular lunch spot rotation.  The peach-lavender tea was also lovely. Everything was very fresh.  Try it out! You won't be disappointed! 
:)
Bland food. Serving wasn't well eg rice was cold, gyro wasn't well done, etc. kale wasnt well cut... not recommended.
I finally had the chance to make it over here after having this place bookmarked for like 5 months now. Just like every other review said before this one, the concept is like a chipotle but with Middle Eastern ingredients. I got as much as I could fit in the plate of awesomeness to include: rice, gyro meat, roasted eggplant, carrots, chipotle hummus, tabouli salad, tzatziki, lettuce and shug (many different spellings of this word). Also, a choice of wheat or white pita was also included. Overall the food was good and I would definitely come back to have some more. The only negative that happened was that they ran out of tahini sauce. Not the biggest deal, but Mediterranean food would be complete without it. Hopefully this place will be able to expand to other locations.
The food is very good to the point of being unique.  

You can get most of what is served here elsewhere, if you stop at several different restaurants, but I think you'd be hard pressed to find a single place that does what Hummus Xpress does.

This is the third or fourth time I've been here but  it occurred to me today that if you're one of those people who doesn't like their food touching this might not be the place for you since everything kind of goes into one big pile.  Frankly it makes for some very interesting flavors, but it may not be for everyone.
Delicious! Quick! Easy!  So glad we tried Hummus Xpress.  My chicken pita was great but I didn't expect so many delicious salad and side options too.  Can't wait to come back again and try more
I love this place. The food is great and you get a lot of food for your money. The staff is very friendly and considerate. BUT FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! Put on some gloves!!! It is disgusting! I think this is mostly the younger guys that work here and not the owner. One young man had two gloves on, one had one glove on. He grabbed plates and pitas with his bare hands, and the cashier had no gloves on. I watched the cashier touch money, touch food items, then touch money again. Luckily he didn't handle any of my food, I would have politely asked him to put gloves on. He did scoop a side of sauce for us sans gloves, he dipped his finger in the first cup, he tossed that one, scooped another and spilled it on his hand. He then went back to cashiering. This grosses me out to no end. So unsanitary. Please please please educate your employees on food handling!
I love this place! My boyfriend and I come here all the time and the owner always remembers us. The food is amazing with great service and a reasonable price! The falafels are made the order and the lamb melts in your mouth. Amazing Mediterranean food!
Super friendly staff that stayed open a little later so we could get our fix! Beet Hummus, Kale salad, fresh falafel! I highly recommend EVERYTHING on the menu. Seriously, it's quick and delicious! A rarity in a sea of fried fast-food "restaurants".
I really liked the concept of picking your own toppings, etcetera. Each item I picked was well done and tasted great. I was impressed.  The flavor blended well together on the plate. The portion was sizable. 

I have it four stars as the meat had been sitting and was ok and the pita was reheated and dried out. 

I will go back for sure.
The food is delicious! Go! Your taste buds will thank you. So much flavor in one bowl and everything individually, every hummus, every salad is amazing. Been to Mediterranean places and paid 30 dollars for a dish and in comparison they were garbage. Staff is very friendly, helpful and welcoming. I'll be back.
I can not get over this place. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, oh and did I mention that the food was out if this world? 
Honestly was not expecting much, my boyfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try something healthier... So we went in, split a plate and a hummus bowl, and had left overs. The food was so good, we are going back again tomorrow for more. I have a feeling I will be a regular. ;)
Fantastic food and the best part is I can get what ever I want on my plate just like chipotle .
I recommend hummus xpress to everyone who likes good Mediterranean food! The combo choices offer anything you can think of- a great selection of meats, hot and cold veg, hummus, and sauces. My boyfriend and I got to sample ALL of the hummus options and it was so hard to pick which was best because they were ALL unique and delicious! I got the "bowl" which is the smallest of the combo meals, but it was very filling and satisfying AND I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.
Finally, the service was tremendous! The gentlemen serving the food were very knowledgable and were eager to give recommendations :)
Went for the first time yesterday with a friend for lunch, right at the height of noon.  They were busy, but handling the rush.  I had a falafel plate, and while I had a short wait for the falafel, the taste of everything was outstanding.  My plate was falafel, eggplant, regular hummus, rice, some veggies and goat cheese with a regular pita (wheat was an option).  My friend had chicken.  We both left full and happy!!  Very affordable for a fresh lunch option in Tempe, healthy and filling as well.  I will definitely be back.  Glad to be the 100th review  Whoo hoooo.
I'm so excited to come back here!! They had the friendliest workers and willing to recommend different items. Hummus was amazing I got the cilantro jalapeo and the spicy. They were phenomenal! I will be bringing friends here to try it out. This is definately one if my favorite places now. Quick easy delicious you can't go wrong!!! It's a must try
Amazing restaurant!  Love the concept of picking your own combinations of food. Great flavor and very unique!  Love all the different types of hummus, veggies, and meats. Great place if you are vegan or gluten free! Love their friendly staff that let's you try samples of hummus. The owner, Eddie, is passionate about the food he serves and is very hospitable.  Very tasty!!
This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner. They provide a rare combination of health and taste, tradition and innovation!

Be sure to try the creative types of hummus that they make and the garlic aoli. 

The staff is very hospitable and they will take the time to guide you through the process.

This is one of the few restaurants that will make you crave vegetables. I encourage you to try the ginger carrots, roasted eggplant, and the various ways that they prepare kale.

I have nothing but good things to say about Hummus Xpress.
This place is amazing. Nice little gem in Tempe. A nice variety of hummus my favorite being the chipotle hummus. The food is fresh and delicious and the staff is friendly and very good service. Enjoy!!!!
Honestly. Go here if you care about eating great tasting, healthy food and supporting a unique local business. It's like chipotle for Mediterranean food. Delicious.
It's so easy to eat healthy when food tastes so good!
The Best & Healthiest Mediterranean place nearby! Must try if you are in the neighborhood.
First time trying this place, and for sure won't be the last time. It was awesome! The service was awesome after telling the person who served us that this was our first. He explained in detail and let us try some samples before we bought. This place will be on our radar from now on when choosing a place to eat.
This place is great. Awesome hummus and great veggie options. Meat has always been good and you can get lunch for under $8.
The Chipotle of the Mediterranean. Fresh, flavorful and fast. The tea tasted like it was actually brewed in the back, not from a mix. I hadn't ever been here before, but if I lived or worked in this area I'd be a regular.

The menu was a bit confusing but essentially you choose a meat, rice, hummus and other toppings. The Yelp check in bonus was a free iced tea. The serving sizes were generous enough that I couldn't finish it all for lunch, and all of the flavors went together really well. Plenty of vegetarian and low carb options since you could trade something out for the meat or rice portions of the dish.

Staff was friendly and helpful even with a busy lunchtime crowd. I needed sugar for my tea since there wasn't any at the beverage station and someone ran into the back to get me some. Unfortunately, he came back with salt, which I dumped in and then nearly gagged at. Second time was the charm though, and the tea was great.
Wow! This place has PER-SON-NAL-I-TY!

The guys that cook, serve and own this place are REALLY nice guys, and the food is VERY authentic.  For people who have a 100% Americanized palate, it might be a tad different for your tastes, but if you like meat, no meat, hummus, no hummus, tzatziki (sp?), or veggies, you should definitely stop by.  

To be honest, the food is really great, but it's the personalities of the people that work there that will keep me coming back.  I KNOW that I will leave in a good mood after having lunch there. :)
I would say the good is pretty alright here. There were a lot of bold flavors that I don't think I was ready for, but it was good nonetheless. Right when we got there, the two men behind the counter were very nice and welcoming. The heat though, was not welcoming. We chose to get our food to go because there was no way we could sit in that room to enjoy our meal. 
Anyways, the guys made our meal easy to choose from all the choices and were very helpful as we were first timers. If you can, get the tea. I think I enjoyed that more than the actual meal. Great service, and I can see good for others, just not my thing I don't think.
Food is very very bold here with lots of distinct flavors. Was recommended by the dudes behind the counter to go with the bowl. Comes with rice, 1 meat, 1 veggie, 1 salad and as many fix-in toppings your heart desires. Cucumbers, feta cheese, pickled radishes, and tzatziki sauce. On the side was warm pita bread. Also took advantage of the yelp check in for a free tea. 

The only thing that bothered me was the temperature inside of the restaurant. It was so warm that I felt like I had just entered a sauna. We had no choose but to order to-go.
Bold flavors, super fresh ingredients, and VERY friendly employees. This place is like Chipotle for Mediterranean food, without the chain restaurant feel. We stopped here after arriving at PHX and picking up our rental car at the Enterprise right down the street. We were totally starving and Yelp saved the day! We must have looked a little lost when we walked in because an employee immediately offered to walk us through the process. I ordered a bowl with saffron rice, gyro meat, roasted red pepper hummus, lentils, and lots of fresh veggies. It was absolutely delicious. And there was a check-in offer for one of their fresh brewed teas - score! All in all, this place deserves 5 stars. I would seriously eat at Hummus Xpress multiple times a week if I lived in the area.
amazing place!!
I must say, it has been YEARS since i have been so excited about a restaurant as I was when I walked in to Hummas Xpress.  Food was awesome, portion was awesome, the staff was so friendly.  At one point I felt like I was being cheered on by all as I ordered each element of my platter... It was awesome.

Nice date night place too.  We took our food to go, but it was setup so nicely that next time we will have it to stay and enjoy ourselves a bit longer.
I got a bowl. There is a good variety of options for meat and vegetarian entrees. Flavor for saffron rice, tabouleh, and gyro good. The texture to the gyro meat was a bit mushy, like it had been sitting the steamer bin for a long time. The grilled eggplant was more on the burnt than grilled. Classic hummus was spot on, good. My visit was at a little after 130pm. 

The foil bowl is deceiving in how filling it is. Filled with a meat or veggie entree, rice, salad, veggie side, hummus and a pita!

Would be willing to go back, try some other options like falafel and the lentil salad.

Service was nice. She asked if I had ever been there before. And since it was my first time she walked me through ordering.
Large portions and very fresh and flavorful.
I had a plate consisting of chicken, lamb, hummus, and several veggies and sauces.  
They have a large selection of humus and yummy dishes. Several are quite spicy so be careful.
 If I lived here I would be a regular. I just ate and I want to go back for more. Would make a great take out too.
We happened on this place by accident the other day. We were waiting for our car to be done at the mechanic so we wandered down Broadway, saw this place and decided to grab some food... Best accident ever! 

We were greeted by a very friendly staff, who explained how it all worked. Basically, they're a self-proclaimed Mediterranean Chipotle, but SO MUCH BETTER! 

You have a choice of a pita, a bowl or a plate. We chose a plate, and opted to share it, and it was more than enough food! You get saffron rice, and then choose your veggie (we went with grilled zucchini and kale), and your protein (chicken, falafel, gyro, beef), we chose gyro. Then you move down and pick your hummus, they usually have 3 or 4 different flavours (we went with cilantro jalapeno), and salad (we got tabouleh). But wait! You're not done yet! Then you pick your "accessories": diced onions, pickles, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, etc etc. All designed to compliment your meal. We went with diced onions, pickles and kalamata olives. 

Oh my goodness. This was seriously the best $11 I've ever spent at a restaurant. The gyros was tender and flavourful, the saffron rice was a great touch. The veggies weren't soggy. The cilantro jalapeno hummus had an amazing kick to it, and we thought it was better than most of the hummus you find at Trader Joes, AJ's, etc. The tabouleh was so bright and refreshing. The portion in the plate was perfect for the two of us to share. They didn't really skimp on anything. 

I was thoroughly impressed with the whole thing. The guys were super nice, the food was amazing and the price was more than right. 

The only downside which caused me to take away a star, was that there didn't seem to be a restroom. We thought it was a little odd, but then, we also didn't ask if there was restroom. But since there's usually a sign indicating where the potty is, and the only door led back to kitchen, it seemed safe to assume there was no where to go... if you needed to... you know... go. 

Other than that, I highly recommend Hummus Xpress!
Great place! Fresh food, good people behind the counter. Great option for vegetarians. Happy to have this in the neighborhood!
I happened to notice this place as I was driving by looking for somewhere to grab lunch.  Ever since making the switch to vegan after already being gluten-free, finding something good to eat that is also convenient has been a challenge!  The name alone was enough to convince me that I should try it out and I was pleasantly surprised to find that almost everything is gluten-free and most everything (other than the meat, of course) was also vegan!  I had a bowl with veggies, hummus and salad and it was delicious!  Not to mention everyone working was super friendly and helpful!  There was even live music during lunch!  What a cool spot.  Will definitely be back!
Meat was amazing and the concept was different. You should get the plate and have the lamb meat, soooo good.
My wife and I love this place.  The food is great, and service is super friendly. They are set up like a Mediterranean Chipotle.  Healthy food (yet super delicious) made just how you want it. Their hummus is some of the best in the valley. All the veggies and veggie salads are delectable.  They have tons of toppings!  You must try this place!
Me and my boyfriend are avid hummus fans and have thus made it our mission to try hummus at every restaurant we can. This place is freaking amazing. Everything is delicious and full of flavor. 

Now, this place definitely has some inefficiency issues, especially when it comes to making the pita. There point of sale system is also kind of slow (and I have my suspicious about the staff).  This can be upsetting when getting to-go orders as it effects the temperature of the food. But this is my only complaint and will certainly not keep me from coming here. 

Their set up is that of a chipotle style, they press the pita at the beginning (or at least that is the intention, if you get something with pita on the side, they wait until the end which slows down the process) and you pick your sides, meat, hummus and toppings. Everything ends up being kinda mixed together but is still good. I even liked the rice, which I don't typically like but I'm having suspicions that I just inherently like Mediterranean style rice. 

*Gyro meat- great
Falafel - pretty good 
*potatoes - fantastic
*Jalapeno/Cilantro hummus - amazeballs, very spicy
*Classic hummus - Great ( I like it topped with onion, pickles and tomatoes)
Rice - delicious
Lemon-garlic hummus - a little spicy but pretty good
chipotle hummus- pretty good
*chili .. something sauce - spicy and delicious
tzaiki - great

*favorite items


***forgive spelling, since I'm writing this review in lieu of doing my homework, I'm not gonna take the extra time to look them up
Wow, just wow.

I came here not really knowing what to expect.  I tried it for the first time today and I already can't wait to go back.  

The layout is much like Chipotle.  The two dudes that were working were super nice and super helpful.  It was my first time so they let me try a couple things and gave me advice on what was best.

Ready for this: I ended up getting a bowl with rice, fried eggplant, some sort of broccoli, chicken, lentil kale salad, red onion, tomato, a little bit of tzatziki and jalapeno cilantro hummus.  With a wheat pita on the side.

It was nothing like I expected but oh my god it was absolutely amazing.  All of the flavors just meshed together.  You taste a little bit of everything, but it's almost like you don't taste anything separate.  You just taste one big bowl of all these different flavors formed into one.  Words really don't do this place justice.   

The one thing I will say is don't be scared to do something a little out of your comfort zone.  I told them I don't like eggplant, they had me try it and it was the best eggplant I've ever had.  Some of the stuff they have there might seem a little out there, especially for someone like me who has a very American pallet.  Don't let that scare you and trust the people that work there.

If you aren't afraid of something a little exotic, you HAVE to go here.

If you are a little afraid of exotic, you HAVE to go here.  

This is one of those places where you just can't go wrong.
It's always fun to find a great little restaurant that serves excellent healthy food choices where the portion sizes are just right.  The protein and vegetable choices that accompany the hummus are all delicious.  The wait time on the food preparation is very short and I was able to eat here and be back to work in an hour without feeling rushed.  The price and the quality of food make this restaurant one of the best finds I have come across in the Tempe area.  

Will return (often) and would recommend to family and friends!
It's hard to add much more than what is already written for this restaurant, which properly backs up the high 4+ star rating (as of this review).   The owner/chef definitely cares about his food, the quality is high, the recipes amazing (the best roasted eggplant I had ever had) and the food a darn good value.   

Although I won't deduct any stars because from a food standpoint it was so good, I would suggest the following:

1.  Great concept - and well explained on the website, but the limited chalkboard menu above the food line doesn't make it abundantly clear what your options are (such as an extra veggie costing more - and if so, how much?

2.  Consider a side of hummous w/out the meat/fill-in or falaffel.  Maybe a small side to accompany a pita for 2 bucks or so.  The regular hummous I tried was amazing.  I'd gladly order a pita and then add a side to that order.

3.  Expand to the west side!  This is a great restaurant and concept - I passed by as I work not too far, but won't forever.  I will definitely miss this place when that day comes.
Coming from the taboolie mooley. I can say it's good az food. Take your photo here ginger lemon hummus. Staff is very informative and inspired.
Nothing fancy, just quality food at an affordable price. Hummus for days. Really great service.
A great restaurant hidden in Tempe.

I am a big fan of Mediterranean  cuisine so I am quite happy that I finally decided to check this place out. I ordered a bowl and had more than enough food, especially for under $10. The woman helping me was quite friendly and even more so once she found out that it was my first time in. I went with most of her recommendations (aleppo beef, jalapeo/cilantro hummus, cauliflower, etc.) and for the most part it was delicious. The piping hot pita bread (choice of regular or whole wheat) was awesome too! 

My only complaint was that the beef seemed to be mostly fat, although it was seasoned nicely. Maybe I'll try the chicken or gyro meat next time.

Planning to return very regularly!
Excellent service and amazing food. I stopped by on my way back to the office and didn't expect much of it. This place blew me away. From the moment I walked in. These guys were courteous and was patient as I make my decision on what to eat. Everything was flavorful. Don't think twice, just stop in!!!! 

You have to try their falafel! Delish!
This place never let's me down! A great takeout option ! The meat is always juicy and the various sides are delish!
For Mediterranean-style food this place is awesome!
They have a huge variety of food and it all tastes really good.
The flavors are perfect and when you get a plate, it will be more than enough food for anyone.
I had a FANTASTIC lunch date here with my husband today. They had live music (not sure why) but it didn't last long. 

The food was SOOOOO tasty. It was nice to have so many side vegetable options. I got to try a huge variety of food (3 sides, 2 kids of hummus, 1 protein, and all the toppings you can want).

It was a lite and refreshing lunch. The service was EXCELLENT (i.e. the guys behind the counter were really nice). I'll be going back a lot.
Stopped in today for the first time. 
Great Food. Great service.
You can custom design your meal, which I love.
The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work.
I will be back and I will also send others here, especially vegans and vegetarians!
Thank you for providing a much needed service to all. Good, fresh food!
This place is exactly how everyone else described it... the Chipotle of Mediterranean food. The portions are super gracious and the food is awesome. They even got me excited about vegetables. Everything looked super delicious and I can't wait to go back. The staff was super friendly and I even heard them call customers by their names. I can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I've eaten here twice now and both times were great. The menu is a little complicated, but the staff is really friendly and will walk you through the process. Tons of options for vegetarians. Everything has great flavor and the food somehow all works together in one big bowl. Standouts for me are the chipotle hummus and the eggplant.
Mmm! MMM! Love this place and love the concept. The food is fresh, flavorful, and fantastic! I like to get a bowl with rice, gyro meat, glazed carrots, eggplant, tzatziki, and shug with a pita on the side. Your belly will thank you after! The owner/chef puts his passion for food in his choices and you can tell in the service and taste. I hope they open more around the Valley!
I was blown away by the quality. Don't be fooled by the location. This is not subway or a place that uses garbage frozen food. The good in this place has flavor that can't be matched.

Do yourself a favor and give it a shot. I promise you won't regret it.
It's rare that I give a place 5 stars but if you're looking for quick healthy food this is the place for you. Lots of flavor and good customer service.
Finally remembered to try this place, and I should have done it sooner.

Staff:  Insanely friendly and helpful

Selection: Pretty much have everything.  Tons of options for the gluten-free, vegetarian, or us carnivores.  I enjoy the vegetarian options as a change up and this place has variety to fit a wide array of tastes.

Food:  I was a bit overwhelmed by the options so there was no method to my madness.  It really was delicious and the portions were huge.  I went with the Gyro, some kale veggie, the basil hummus, rice, etc, etc.... too much to list.  I went with the bowl while my gf went with the salad.  

This place blew us away in all aspects.  Definitely plan on going back.  Only mini critique is to stay open later for us dinner procrastinators!
I love you.

Fresh, great food.  Great people.  What more can you ask for?

I love Mediterranean food but always struggle with what dish to order, because I want a little of each flavor from each of my favorite dishes.  Problem solved, you can get anything practically here.
I was in the neighborhood looking for a a cheap, quick lunch. Yelp brought me here. I got the falafel bowl . Basically you can just choose what you want and then mix it all up for you. I got falafel with rice, tabouli salad, cilantro hummus and tons of veggies all for less than $8!
Best Mediterranean joint in Tempe, hands down! Eddie, the owner, is a master of the art, and his expertise shines at Hummus Xpress! 

The atmosphere here is comfortable and inviting. Live music, plenty of customers (but not too many), and some of the most friendly employees I've experienced. And the food is FANTASTIC! Eddie crafted an exquisite dish, with jalapeno hummus, lamb, lentil, and poached mushrooms. It was a remarkably delicious dish for only $8.50! 

Hummus Xpress is bound to take over Phoenix. This restaurant has everything you want in the perfect Mediterranean lunch spot.
Ok, so I don't like fast food places, nor places that is fast food places but pretend not to be fast food places. Hummus express is a fast food place.. but not only do I like the food, I love the concept and the attitude of the employees. 

So I was going to a barbecue and wanted to bring some hummus. Now, I could have made it myself - but mine isn't as experimentally fantastic as what they make here. Ginger-Lemon Hummus sounds wacky, but it is so obscenely divine that one needs to test it. And talking about faith in your product when you can sample everything before you buy it. 

So I bought some hummus... only the hummus, even if the guys behind the counter told me how I could walk out with more stuff for less money if I followed their lead - but I didn't have to. Instead they gave me hummus, and I paid. WIn-WIn.

I wish there was a way I could convey how awesome i believe this place to be - it will not suit everyone, but give it a shot. Give it a lunch.. its like $6. You could get hooked like me, or you could let the world know that you are not a connoisseur of fine experimental food, but a boring old meanie-face that smells of Chicken McNuggets.

If you do take my advice, drop my name.. and they will have absolutely no idea who I am ;)   - A 6th star for the attitude of the employees.
I don't understand the hype. I did not like this place one bit. It was very easy to find, and very convenient because I work down the street from this place, so this is how they got the one star. So I walked in, I was impressed because it was very quaint and clean. This usually puts me in a good mood when the area is clean. So I checked out the menu online before I came so I can get an idea of the options. I was super amped!! I adore hummus, pita and veggies,  so I felt like I was winning !! Wrong, the vegetarian bowl was this weird combination of cold, soggy and hot stuff piled on top of each other. I believe they are trying to emulate Chipotle ' s Aesthetic, sorry, not feeling it. What did it in for me is that the kale was cooked with the stems on. What a lazy move! I will not be coming here again.  Sorry
The Veggie Bowl is the way to go. But the Gyro is delicious also. I have been here a handful of times and I'm always happy with my choices. The service is outstanding, the food is fresh and the prices are amazing! Don't miss this place. It's worth the stop.
Like Chipotle for middle eastern food
Amazing...will be back with all my friends!   Extraordinary flavors!   Get the large bowl and have 3 meals for leftovers!  Gyro meat is the best...just plain awesome for the whole experience!   Great customer service tops it off!
What a wide array of selections they have here!  Today I got a lunch bowl with gyro meat, eggplant, rice, lentil and kale salad, cilantro and jalapeo hummus and pita.  All followed by their homemade fresh brewed mint iced tea.  For my listening pleasure they had on an oldies jazz station that played the classic - "The A Train".
Bowls are amazing. Had the kafta bowl with the ginger lime and cilantro hummus with lentils and cucumbers.
Their name makes them sound like a cheesy franchise, but Hummus Xpress is anything but.

Home cooked. Delicious. Fresh. Healthy. Great quick service.

Couldn't ask for more, except maybe for the falafel to be a bit tastier.

I get the chicken plate with rice, broccoli, potatoes, hummus, olives, feta and lentil and kale salad. A meal like that will cost you a little bit more than ten bucks, but is well worth it.

Pretty hip atmosphere with chipotle-style food serving.

They've got a few talented local musicians who play jazz guitar every once in awhile.
Friendly staff, a large variety of flavors and reasonable prices.  If you are wanting a healthy alternative check them out.
Food is excellent!  Portions are large.  The service is fast.  The food is healthy.  The owner served us and was very passionate about his food and restaurant. Id recommend this place to anyone.
Their food is packed with flavor.  A little too much for me to be honest but I still really enjoyed coming here.  The fellas behind the counter were very nice.  Awesome ingredients to choose from.  It' cool how you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl  If we are in the area we would definitely come back again!
I found that if I order small I could eat there more often and enjoy more things so I love the prices and the quality of food which always tastes good in the different ways that it's made:Israeli on ginger hummus with wheat pita.
Good food but unprofessional employees. Bring it up a notch behavior-wise and you got a great eatery.
Pros:

- Good healthy food. 
- Lots of vegetarian and Non Veg selection.
- Friendly Staff

Cons:
- Confusing menu. Needs to be more clear about how many of what you can get from each section. My girl got 2 and I got 1 but we paid the same. Also they need more seasoning in the chicken. No salt whatsoever.

- One spoon of meat? Really for $7-$9 you give one spoon of meat? First time i went in there i got 2 spoons. There need to be consistency with meat portions. I feel like I'm getting robbed depending on whoever is working at that moment gives you the portion he thinks is appropriate for you.

-I dont know how long this place has been open for but they definitely need to clean this place up. The booths are ripped and dirty, should be aligned with the wall instead of having it in the center. There was dirt all over the floor along with a screw on the floor where we were sitting.

- There was this loud vibrating sound coming from the soda machine all this time we were there. Very annoying. Fix it guys.

All in all its a group of young guys running this place including the owner and seems like they are on the right track with their friendly service and healthy food. Just clean it up a little bit and you have  my 5 stars.
Extremely generous quantities of the most delicious vegetables, hummus, meats and other complimentary ingredients. Would recommend asking the owner for guidance on which ingredients taste best together (as you get to select and choose the combination for your meal, and there is a wide variety to choose from).  I ate here with my family and we all were totally impressed by the quality and flavor of the options (and the quantities).  Very reasonably priced, casual small setting, friendly owner.  Definitely give it a try if you have the opportunity.
Awesome concept for Mediterranean food (like Chipotle). The people were great and very friendly. The food was right up there with others I've had. Definitely give this place a try. 

4 stars because of atmosphere. It's a very basic to-go feel. I'd still go again!
Tried this place today and it was BOMB the gyro bowl was amazing. The staff was friendly and funny. Def will be back
This is a good spot if you are looking for a quick, cheap, and relatively healthy meal.  Also, while I dont eat it, the meat looks great and I saw them butchering it themselves in the back.  The chef explained that they cook it overnight at a low temperature...sounded and looked delicious.

This is also a solid spot for the vegetarians here.  Lot of options, and a lot of food-you will not leave hungry.  The reason its 4 and not 5 stars is simple: I would prefer them to give the customer the option of putting all of the different foods in seperate containers instead of meshing them alltogether in one bowl.  I would prefer to be able to taste the hummus, tzaziki, tahini, etc all seperately as they are delicious in their own right.  As it stands now, they serve it all together in one bowl and tastes fine, but you cannot differentiate between all of their different foods.
First-time eating Lebanese food.  I had the Schwarma it was very good.It came with hummus/pita bread and a salad. The hummus was excellent and the salad was simple and flavorful. My companion had a gyro sandwich he enjoyed . The young waitress was very friendly and very informative regarding the food and culture of cuisine. Will go back soon for another wonderful experience.
As a parent this was not the place to take a kid, no kid menu. As an adult I thought it was a huge establishment that should have had more going for it. Perhaps I will try it out again in a couple months because the food was okay but nothing special.
Every time I make an attempt go eat here they are always closed. I'm not even sure if they are still operating as a regular restaurant or just a banquet hall.  Very disappointing place.
I'm not telling you to drive here for the food but if you are a local its a new biz open now just two weeks and they have a nice lunch and owner.

Owner was nice and his wife does all the cooking. 

Chipotle chicken pasta was super tasty and the chicken panini was good but unremarkable. 

I was there for a day seminar but the owner was so nice and welcoming I just felt it was my Yelp duty to tell others so locals can find this hidden gem. Might be a good place to go while getting your car washes or for an office lunch.

BTW the maple/pecan/shortbread bar was super tasty too.
Wow this place is truly amazing. It has fantastic food and baked treats to die for! The owners are very nice and you must try this place right now! The cookies, breads, cupcakes and brownies are phenomenal. Also the macaroni and cheese, spicy asparagus pasta dish and the hummus are fantastic. Please try this place it's well worth the find.
What a wonderful, quaint new lunch tucked away in a retail area off Eastern & Sunridge Heights Pkwy. in Anthem. My mom and I had lunch there yesterday and were warmly greeted by the owner, who recommended the wonderful chipotle chicken pasta for me because I wanted something spicy and a spinach salad with raspberry vinaigrette for my mom since she wanted a salad. 

The pasta dish was excellent. It compared with what I would get at my favorite Italian restaurants. It had the perfect kick without being too spicy. It was a very generous portion, and I took the leftovers home and shared them with my husband for dinner...he loved it as well. My mom really enjoyed the spinach salad that had a very generous amount of walnuts, which she loves. The salad was very fresh, you can definitely tell the difference in freshness between this and what you get at other places. 

The prices are certainly reasonable, especially for the quality of the food, friendliness of the owner and atmosphere. I've already told friends about Sugar & Spice and can't wait to go back!
A total hole in the wall place! Just ate here and it was quite tasty! The owner was super friendly and had a tasting a bunch of pastry samples. My husband had the burger and really enjoyed it. I had the southwest wrap and was unsure of it but the owner said he wouldn't charge me if I didn't like it. Needless to say, I paid. Oh yeah! We als split fries which were cooked to perfection and seasoned with pepper. So delicious! 
The only awkward part was the ambiance. There was no music or anything so we felt like we had to talk softly so as not to disturb the other diners. We will definitely be back.
FRESH describes this place best!  I took a friend here for her birthday lunch. Wonderful, welcoming owner and his wife is a superb cook. They make everything from scratch and when they run out, they are out. This means that everything they have is really freshly made. We shared the Chinese chicken salad, which was superb and had homemade dressing. Hummus was tasty and homemade. We had the delectable maple-pecan bars for dessert, which were, again, homemade and SO good! The interior is pretty plain, but don't let that turn you away! As others have said, it's not the easiest place to find, but worth the search. I really wish them well; they deserve the business!
Sugar and Spice..and the salads are nice! That's what I had when I stopped by to see what this place was all about.  I wouldn't have known about this place if it were not for me driving right past it after having breakfast at neighboring Egg Works.  This restaurant resides in the Eastern Hills Shopping Center. Never knew there was a restaurant here since it's not visible from Eastern Ave. It's located on the backside right behind the Greek and Vietnamese restaurants. 

The menu offerings are mostly lunch fare. A bit of French, Mediterranean and Italian cuisine is represented their sandwiches,salads, and pasta selections. I guess that's the "Spice" part of it.  

The "Sugar" part is displayed in the 2 cold cases at the counter.  There's a variety of desserts from baklava to mango cake.  I got the pre-cut square piece for seventy five cents. I'm fine with that since it's just enough sugar for me. Other sweet tooth lovers might gripe though about the serving sizes for cake pieces.
  
The main meal on the other hand was a very generous portion.With the hot temps, I went for lunch on the lighter side. The Spinach Arugula salad is enough for two people.  I like the combo of these salad greens. These really had that picked from the garden freshness. Then tossed with glazed walnuts, apples, dried cranberries and a cream cranberry vinaigrette on the side. Just the way I like it. That way I control how much dressing to put on my salad. The prices for meals are pretty reasonable most orders are under $10 

The staff here is really nice and helpful and service was spot on.  It's family owned and operated. What clued me in was the young lady who took my order went and pulled another employee to ring up the order, he then said to "give the order to mom". (It was so cute) I just find refreshing to see parents and their kids working together. The kitchen is visible from the counter and there was the mom, busy cooking!

The kitchen appeared really clean by the way. The dining area consists of a few tables and some seating also along the window. There's an eclectic mix of wall art and knick knack deco. It's more casual feel for me than upscale as they describe their place. It's all good though, I'll definitely be back since I'm all about supporting small businesses first and foremost. They are the heart of our community.
The food was amazing and the owner was so nice!
I  popped into this place while getting a car wash with my 3 kids (didn't want to wait in the crowded gift shop where my kids run around grabbing everything and asking me to buy it). I ordered an iced latte and some pastries for the kids.  I normally am not a huge fan of iced coffee because I feel like it gets watery, but this one was creamy perfection.  The brownie was super chocolatey, almost like a fudge, of which I wholeheartedly approve. And the mousse cakes were light, airy and sweet. My picky toddler kept asking for more.. I was amazed. As other reviewers mentioned, the people working there make you feel right at home and are happy to have even a group of children, before we left they knew all their names :)
OMG! U need to eat here.. I am an Italian chef so most places are disappointing this was a great surprise! I will definitely be back and I would recommend this place to anyone!!!
3.5 stars (running for cover - I know, I know.  I'm not in the majority here)

Came here with friends to try lunch somewhere new and not the same old routine.  We were all surprised at how much we enjoyed our different meals.  The interior of this place isn't what I expected by the name.  I can't describe what I expected but this wasn't it - I guess maybe more luxurious, with a more "professionally designed" aesthetic.  Seemed like an eclectic mix of styles inside, with a "bare" feeling, but the seating (all tables and chairs) was comfortable and fairly well spread out.  I thought it was odd that there was no music or anything.  The place was quiet - almost *too* quiet.  

I think it was the owner who took our order.  Very friendly, pleasant, and accommodating.  He made some great suggestions but ultimately let us go our own ways.  The place became busier throughout our meal and, ultimately, our waters became more empty with no refills in sight.  Just seemed like he wasn't staffed well enough for lunch time on a weekend.  

I had the chinese chicken salad, which was packed with fresh and delicious ingredients.  My husband ordered a penne pasta and was surprised when something completely different came out (a pesto chicken panini).  Being the easy going guy he is, he let it go and decided to stick with his panini, which he was extremely pleased with!  Our friends had the greek salad and chicken schawarma (a special that day) and both looked incredible.  They raved about the schawarma!  Mine and my husband's meal came out about 10 minutes before our friends' so we wound up waiting for them to have food. 

We were too full for dessert but I thought the "bakery" part of the restaurant description was a little misleading.  There is a pastry case at the front of the dining room but there were only 2 pastries in it when we were there.  I'm sure they had more to offer but if you'd have come in just for pastries you would have been a little disappointed.  

Overall, the food was incredible and the prices were fair.  The service may have been a little off for us that day, but that's not to say it wasn't friendly and welcoming, just not very attentive.  I WILL be back to try more of the mouth watering food, and hope to increase my star rating at that time.  This place is definitely worth a try for lunch!
My favorite place to get lunch in Henderson. I love going here whenever I am free in during lunch time. The owner and his wife are very friendly people. Wife is the chef, and she love to cook the meals on the menu. Food is so flavorful and fresh. I love their Chipotle Chicken Pasta. I love spicy food and I asked them to make is as spicy as they can. When I took my first bite, I was not disappointed. 

They also have many other dishes, but this is their chipotle is my favorite by a small margin. 

Prices are reasonable and the restaurant environment is very quite, neat and clean. The only issue is that its not located on the eastern ave. side of the road, you will have to drive to the back side of the plaza. Just follow the signs for Sugar and Spice. 

I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in getting quality lunch.
Food  = 5 stars. Try the spicy pasta 
Service = 0 stars. Really bad. Took 40 mins to get food. No servers. Went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. There were 6 tables that had customers and only one guy that took orders. It took so long, that some customers left without eating. Not a good sign.
Had the egyptian chicken fajita with rice and it was delicious!!! The owners know how to present delicious authentic food!! These egyptian plates are only available fridays and saturdays.
By far the best restaurant in town. Everything there is tasty and it's family operated so you know you will be getting quality food and service. The owners are very good people.
This place become one of our favorite restaurants in Henderson.Hard working couple and wonderful food with reasonable price.This place open limited time,but it's worth to try.You'll love it.
The Owners are very nice and friendly. One of a kind spices and their chicken fajita is delicious. 
Nice restaurant.  I recommend this place.
Sugar and Spice makes the BEST pecan bars I have ever tasted! Check them out!  Plus the couple that own Sugar and Spice are very welcoming!
Tried the homemade baklava and wow! The owner is very nice and the food was fantastic!
Pros:  It's in my neighborhood, food is good (not great) because it's inconsistent.
Cons:  It's too pricey for what you get.  The owner is not customer friendly.  I wanted the chicken scharma with rice but I asked to substitute the pickled peppers and carrots with a scoop of the tabuli salad, he said no.  I offered to pay one dollar more for the scoop, he still said no. I don't get this.  It was such a small amount I can't understand his decision.  He wanted me to pay 3.99 for a small side order.

This behavior doesn't make me feel valued as a customer, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense, from a business perspective or human perspective.

i won't go back!
Food is pretty good, but service is terrible.
I was really happy when this place opened because it was another close Mediterranean restaurant to try. However, I went in and ordered a beef sharwma plate and a chicken sharwma plate and asked for the rice to be substituted for a salad. He said that's not a problem, it will only be $1 more. I end up getting my receipt and it's actually $5 more. I received my food and when I got home I realized there is no pita bread and the portions are small for a plate. For a new restaurant with 4 customers in the restaurant this place should easily be able to make the orders correctly. I will keeping going to Stefanos down the street from now on.
After realizing I had not supported my neighborhood restaurants in a while and being hungry for mediterranean food, I popped in to Yalla's.  It was after lunch and the restaurant was very quiet.

I was looking up at the menu on the wall, when a very nice young man pointed out the menu was also on the counter.  No neck strain necessary.  Plus, I can see better.  So, I ordered the vegetable skewer plate for $8.50.  Initially I thought it was a little pricey until I got home and opened it.

The food is stored in a styrofoam container with a large area in front and two smaller areas the back.  The large front area was filled generously with very tasty rice.  I loved the seasoning, it was delicate and smelled beautiful.  Two large vegetable skewers were placed on top, filled from end to end with a variety of grilled veggies like tomato, red pepper, mushroom, red onion.  The were cooked perfectly with just a hint of a bite.

There was definitely enough for two to share.  I'll be back!
I stopped by at 12:30pm to order Hummus, pita & lentil soup to go. The restaurant is very clean. I thought the service was great! They were not very busy, I didn't have to wait more than ten minutes and they apologized for the wait! I didn't mind at all.

The food: best hummus ever. It was very creamy and fresh. Pita bread was just ok, i thought it seemed a little chewy and day old. Lentil soup was amazing!!!! I'm in love with that soup.
Great food, not Greek, but Lebanese. The menu isn't too big but everything is made fresh to order. Staff very helpful and out-going.
This is my first time here just happened to notice it as I was driving. I got the chicken Scharma and a side of falafel.  The guy who took my order was very polite, the food was made pretty quick and my order was correct.  Not too busy but a slow but steady amount of people coming in. I did see the owner who was not as polite as his staff, he didnt even smile or say anything to a single customer. The food was pretty good, ive had better but ive also had alot worse. Good portion sizes so either they re vamped the sizes after the previous posts or the other place gives ridiculous portions. I would come back again based on my experiance.
I was so excited when I found out Yalla was opening near my house- we were in need of a good Med Cuisine place there, and also, it is owned by Khoury's- my FAVORITE place to eat.  
We ordered a few things, the roasted chicken sandwich, Fatoush salad with Chicken, and the beef kabobs. 
The rice was out of this world! It has a little crispy thin noodles and a light oil.  The hummus was great and the Fatoush was so tasty.  My husband had no complaints about the sandwich..but we did have a couple downsides.  
The order was billed incorrectly.  And the cashier was very apologetic, but ended up billing me more, so that he didn't have to call his manager to fix it.  I felt that he should have just billed me the price he told me over the phone and comped his mistake.  Also, their Pita bread was not as good as i had hoped, tasted kind of old.  
I'll be back though.

UPDATE: 
I did come back, only to wait in line behind another customer for 10 minutes (at a counter btw) without so much as a "hello", or "sorry" from the cashier. The wait was so long becuase this woman could not get her order together and we were ignored so we just left. AWFUL SERVICE. Cashier should have acknowledged us, or offered to start our order while the customer ran out to her car, but no. Nothing. AWFUL! 
We went to Osaka across the street.
Yalla grill is absolutely delicious! I decided to to come try Yalla because I knew the owners where the same as Khoury's, and it was a great experience. I popped in after work to get a quick bite and it was fast and easy. The food was the same fresh quality I had come to expect from Khoury's. The rotisserie chicken was best chicken I've ever had! It is cooked to a perfectly golden crisp, and the garlic paste is to die for. I will definitely be eating at Yalla all the time!
I am a Vegetarian. I have been one for over 15 years, so i generally know the cost of the foods i eat. With that being said, this place is nothing but a scam! I paid $9.50 for a dish of 5 fallafel balls, a few slices of old chewy un-seasoned tomatoes, a few slices of old cucumbers, some brown lettuce(used as garnish) and some straight out of the jar pepperoncini( 2 of them)......i also got a cup of the lentil soup...which was $3.99 and may as well have been served in one of those cups that you keep by your bathroom sink! it was so small! My boyfriend got a shawarma sandwich, which was only $5.99!......the sandwich was pretty big loaded with meat,, and veggies,  and filled him up nicely, but how is it that my meal which consisted of nothing but veggies was more than the meat??? Considering the cost of one tomato is less then .50? and all i got was a few slices of old chewy tomato?I am a small business owner so i understand mark-up but come on!!  I am middle eastern by descent so i have to say that the soup and falaffel were very good...but despite that i will not be coming back here due to the absurd prices....i even noticed that to add fries to a sandwich was an additional $2.99! That seems insane to me! They also have a "veggie skewer dish" for over $9 which consists of 2 skewers that have one piece of broccoli, a few pieces of tomato, some onion slices and some red bell pepper slices...served over rice, thats it!!
Very clean inside... fast service. I tried the Yalla Salad w/ chicken shawarma. Very tasty the dressing was light and citrusy and the chicken was moist and not dry & over cooked. Try it for sure. The hummus was also very tasty. The pita bread was very fresh and not "fresh out of the bag"!
Food tastes very good kinda pricey. As with any place that makes fresh food You have to wait for the food to be served.. Good selection of Middle-Eastern food. Not as good as Glendale CA but a good choice for the Vegas area.
Had lunch here. It was wonderful. I would highly recommend it.
Love the food it's great authentic  Lebanese cuisine!found out its related to the sister restaurant Khourys Mediterranean, my mother had the chicken shawarma sandwich and I had the chicken kabob plate and it was great!!
It was cooked perfect and the chicken was juicy not dry like other restaurants I've been to.
Every time we're in the area, This place is my lunch place. Can't wait!!
Big Like.
I had high hopes for this place.  I kind of grew up on Lebanese food.  First of all, the guy at the counter was great.  Nice and friendly.  Seemed eager to help.  Let's get to the food.  The hummus was pretty good.  Hummus is hard to make too poorly.  This one has a LOT of lemon in it.  I could have used some cumin or more cumin.  Perhaps a little cayenne and black pepper too, but like I said it was fine.  The beef shawarma was pretty damn good.  I'll go back for that alone.  The pita was soft, the tahini sauce was just the right amount of pungent.  The meat was slightly stringy, but that's the cow, not the restaurant.  It was done properly.  Their tabouli was good.  Not great, but good and fresh.  Again, LOTS of lemon.  Not as much as the hummus, but a lot.  The pickled parsnips were disgusting.  Some folks may like them, but didn't suit me at all.  Same with the garlic spread.  Two ingredients: garlic and olive oil.  AND it's a paste.  If you like garlic, you'll LOVE that stuff!  My wife's chicken kabobs were a little disappointing.  Overcooked, too crispy.  The rice was ok.  A lot was just ok.  I'll go there again for the beef and would try the gyro stuff, but I wouldn't take guests from out of town.  Too many other places that are way better.  But this one is a few blocks from the house, so I'll go back now and then.  If they stay open.
I was hesitant to try out this place because of the not so good reviews and there's already a lot of other Mediterranean places in the area that have better reputation. But since it was the closest to my job, I decided to at least give it a shot. I wasn't impressed the first time I came here when I got the chicken shwarma. It was too salty for my taste buds.
 
After that I thought I wouldn't come back but everyone deserves a second chance right? And I am so glad I did because after I tried their chicken kabobs, I was so hooked that I kept coming back for them at least once a week!
 
The chicken is perfectly cooked with the most delicious seasoning and it also comes with onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers also tastely seasoned. I'm not a big hummus person but I actually like the texture and flavor of their hummus. I really like their rice too! So please give this place a chance and don't be put off with the reviews about bad service!
Awesome food.... Especially the shawarma sandwiches. It's healthy and fast. Great service. Definitely coming back to eat here again. It's a hidden jewel.
Wow, I can't believe anyone gave this place less than 4 stars, they must have been having a bad day! I love Mediterranean food, and have tried every place I could find over the past few years here in the valley. Some have been good and some have been ok, but this place really stands out because the food is exceptional!

If you like schwarma, you are in for a real treat. The chicken is hot and moist, and seasoned perfectly. Don't forget the garlic sauce!
Being half Lebanese I grew up on this food and tend to be very picky.  Service was great and the girl working knew what she was talking about. My friend and I got our food to go and didn't not have to wait too long at all. 
We ordered grape leaves, kibee balls, gyro, and a chicken schwarma. Grape leaves were ok too salty and rice was under cooked. Kibee balls were ok as well very greasy and tasted very fried. I had the gyro and it was extremely salty I couldn't even finish it. My friend had the chicken and she said the same thing...too salty. The garlic dipping sauce was really fantastic though, my favorite part of the meal!
I really like this place! Food is delicious! Fresh and clean environment and you can see they take pride on there fare. My only complaint is reliability! I came here looking to by a whole chicken during peak dinner hour and they had none. I asked why and they said that were just not busy enough to make more than 2 chickens for dinner and 2 for lunch. The rotisserie is always empty and the place has very little business. It is a shame because the food rocks! I do go elsewhere when I am looking to buy chicken to take home for dinner. There is a great place down the street that is awesome as well. Reliability is a factor! I will stop into Yalla for lunch and order a Shawarma. I wish this place nothing but the best. Maybe they should market a little better. IMHO. That is the only reason I am giving them 3 stars! If they build there clientele and work on the loyalty and reliability Yalla is 5 stars in my book!
Fantastic!  I walk to Yalla once or twice a week for lunch and between the walk and the excellent healthy food on the menu, it's a win win situation.  I walked in the other day and it smelled like a bakery.  No wonder their pita bread is amazing! This place is something special.
Well I guess that's the end of yalla as we knew it! The place has new owners and went down hill quick. Went in today to an empty restaurant and was with my wife and daughter. I asked "Jacob" if he can substitute the hummus for something else for my daughter because she is allergic to sesame and he said he can give her a salad for a dollar more, I was like, really! I am one of your best and only customers and he rolled his eyes as he proceeded to charge me and get my whole order wrong. Never gave us our kefta and we had to wait for. that. Bad vibes thru out. Signs of despair. Food was ok but not a craving like before. I am sure it won't last.
If you love Mediterranean food you must try this place. Totally awesome. They have a wonderful home made green hot sauce too! Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious! The pita bread is not too thick so you don't get bloaty. They also offer a low carb option with lettuce wraps instead of pita bread.
Went there with my husband and his friend. I had their vegetarian plate. It was good. Love the fresh bread. The dolmas was differant from what I'm used to but it was delicious. Service was awesome. Will stop by again if I'm craving Mediterranean food and around the area.
Is there a rating lower than 1 star??? 

So I decided to stop in on a whim while driving by.  Big mistake.  I walked in and went to the counter to order - had to wait for someone to actually notice me there.  The young girl told me to grab a seat as I decided to eat in.  I grabbed that seat and ordered a glass of water which she brought promptly.  Without a doubt, based on the stale dirt taste, this was unfiltered tap water.  So I look at the menu and it takes me about 1 minute to decide on the gyro... 5 minutes go by.... 10 minutes go by...   17 minutes and FINALLY I catch the attention of the girl delivering food to the only other customer's in the place.  She comes over and asks if I've ordered and proceeds to take my order.... Thank goodness it didn't take as long to get my food because I was starting to shake from hunger.  Apparently I got someone else's french fries with my order - according to the other customer in the restaurant as she was very vocal about  telling me and the server that I had her fries.  Like it's my fault and I served them to myself? It just keeps getting better.... So I dig in to my gyro... It's cold.  Everything is cold.  The meat, the pita.... ? What the hell? Then another couple comes in and they are immediately offered a basket of bread while they wait... Ummm.. I could have used the bread while I was sitting there STARVING, waiting for my order to be taken.  I had to go up front and ask for ketchup for my fries - I got handed packets.. ummm ok. Packets in a 'restaurant'.  Then as I sit down tearing open my ketchup packets she brings the other customer a bottle.  Really? 

Anyhow.. so there I am eating... while I am doing so the girl comes to my table and reaches over my plate to take two of the three empty ketchup packets off my tray.  Why? Over my food? Only 2 of them?  By this point I am just thinking "don't come near me again" over and over in my head. 

Well, she did.  Not only did she drop the bill and tell me "no rush", another girl came by and started resetting the table while I was sitting there eating!!!  CAN IT WAIT?????!!!!! I'M STILL EATING HERE!!! 

By now I'm fuming and know that this was the worst lunch decision I've made... I walk up to pay the bill and provide an adequate tip for the level of service I was given... 1.00 (Lucky to be given even that much).  As I turn to walk away the girl at the front counter decides to make a noise like a cat growl and a comment about the tip.  She's lucky I continued to walk out instead of turn around and verbally lash out at her unprofessional/rude ass.  

First and LAST time I will ever go there... and as far as recommendations... FORGET IT!
I have to say I did review the reviews of this place as I was waiting so I was biased but they did do a good job.

I had lunch with my family here because I wanted falafel. I have to say that the falafel wasn't that good. It tasted too fine as if made from a powder. If that is not the case then I was a bit disappointed that they might have over ground the mix. It was good but not anything I'd return for. 

I did how ever like their fresh pita bread. It was perfect with my falafel platter which came with some pickled veggies.

They serve hummus on the side which was a little runny for my taste.

The fresh pita and hummus were a good combo but both were slightly bland. I wouldn't always necessarily say it was a bad thing but to have something not so salty but some flavor was missing.

My niece had a kids meal which wasn't anything special. My aunt had a chicken wrap that was good.

Overall I would return to try some other stuff. Service was good. The young gentlemen was polite and also brought out a pita bread refill. Prices were also good.
I've been to a few Mediterranean places lately mainly in California where I live I tried Yalla for the first time because I had a Groupon and I must say I was impressed. It is really authentic tasting!

I ordered the shrimp kabobs and my gf had the filet mignon wrap. Both were great! The rice was great too! I guess my only complaint would be we ordered jalapeo hummus and it didn't really taste like jalapeo nor was it hot but the pita bread and hummus were really good!

I will definitely come back!
Was in the mood for  some good Mediterranean food so my boyfriend and I ended up here. I would like to start off by complimenting the staff, from the second we walked in everyone had a smile on their face and was very attentive. My water glass was never empty and everything tasted very fresh. We started off with the jalapeo hummus and pita bread. The pitas were warm and fresh and the jalapeo hummus had just the right amount of spicy. My boyfriend jokingly mentioned he was a spicy guy and they brought a small side of extra chopped jalapeo. We had the chicken and beef shawarma (made with "top sirloin") it came with rice and was delicious. The real highlights were the beef kabob made with filet mignon and the Kafka kabob made with angus beef which was very authentic. Not to mention all the great sauces such as the tzatziki and garlic sauce (goes great with the kabobs) I also recommend the yalla fries and the gyros which are a definite must have! Those who are unfamiliar with this this style of food or just looking for a good mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas Yalla should be your first choice. This is a great family run restaurant, that shows with the quality of food and customer service. Will definitely be back!!
I had the Vegetarian plate: falafel, stuffed grape leaves, hummus, and some tahini dipping sauce and some peppers and lettuce. All the food was excellent, and the falafel and stuffed grape leaves were the best I've ever had.
Good fattoush and Greek salads. Fresh fries and yummy hummus. Did not like the chicken swarma sandwich- dressing didn't have any taste. Service was good but there really wasn't anyone in there. There is a groupon online if you want to check it out.
I've literally just got in from Fatma's.....I'm a fan of Hanams but this place is on another level! Had a platter of starters between us and as someone who adores Middle Eastern food my standards are quite high (we eat out in Dubai a lot!) I have to say that the food was divine. We chatted to the owner/chef who has his takeaway cartons arriving shortly...no doubt these guys will be seeing our custom from all angles! I genuinely didn't have one complaint. The Moutabal, Arayess & Mouhallabieh were particularly delightful. I think I'll be taking my tourist friends here instead of my midtown staple from now on... 100% recommended
I really enjoy middle eastern food, so when I spotted this restaurant on Commercial Street I knew wanted to try this place..

Tanja R. and I decided to find out what Fatma is all about.. The waiter informed me that they have only been there for 3 months. He brought us the menus and explained that a good way to enjoy the 'lebanese experience' is to share smallish mezze plates and he recommended 5 mezze plates for 2 people. Though he did also mention that the portions are reasonably large - so caution in mind we went for 4 mezze plates: hummus, grilled halloumi, arayes and lamb skewer. 

They also brough flatbread and 3 different kind of dips to go with the food. All the food was delicious, I especially enjoyed the halloumi cheese. The hummus was quite nice too as was the arayes (toasted pitta bread stuffed with spiced minced lamb). The lamb skewer was tasty, albeit a bit chewy. 

The restaurant itself was very modern - nothing wrong with it per se but it just lacked atmosphere. I think a really authentic looking place would elevate this experience - hmm.. maybe even to five stars!  :)
I went to Fatma last Friday to get a takeaway as I needed a lebanese 'pick me up'.

Upon entering, I was greeted warmly by a gentleman who I assume was the owner. I placed my order and they offered me a seat whilst the food was being prepared. At this point the restaurant was quiet, with only a couple dining in. I had nice banter with a waiter who kept me entertained with stories of a country we both used to live in. 

Fatma opened earlier this year and they now have a takeaway menu, which has an extensive selection: soups, salads, mezze, main courses - anything from tabbouleh to falafel and shawarma. The menu had loads of all sorts of authentic lebanese dishes, most of which I am not familiar but if you fancy e.g. shakreyeh - don't worry, it is on the list! The takeaway menu explains that shakreyeh is 'tender lamb meat cooked in our own yogurt sauce and herbs, served with rice and salad'.

Ok, so I actually chose lamb shawarma. A big box of tender lamb pieces on a bed of aromatic rice, flavoured with saffron and cardamom. It was accompanied by salad, some flat breads and a tomato based dip which contained what looked like okra. It was all tasty. My only niggle was that the rice looked a bit greasy, but perhaps it was due to the lamb pieces mixed with rice, which contributed to this.

Fatma ain't the cheapest, but it's not a place you would always go for a takeway - and it has an emphasis on good quality food. Takeaway of lamb shawarma is 11.95.
Upon entering Fatma you are warmly greeted by the owner and directed straight to your table.

The food we ate was delicious from their extensive menu! The houmous was the best ive tasted and the lamb dishes we had were so tender, you could tell that it was quality meat we were tasting. We enjoyed 2 starters 2 mains a glass of wine, 2 beers and a lebanese cake for desert and the meal came to 67, however we bought a groupon voucher we bought for 30 which meant we could spend 60 - so effectively half price!!! great deal. 

I did feel however that at the end of our meal that they were happy to see us leave and wanting to free up space, which did put me off slightly.

Worth a visit!
I stopped at the gas station next door to fill up.  Had not had lunch yet, so stopped by the gyro spot.  At first I didnt expect much, but man those gyros were juicy and topped with all the goodies.  Some gyros can be dry, but this place had some flavor! My brother had a chicken plate, which was also tasty!
This is what I like to call a sleeper restaurant. It's next to a gas station, Has minimal parking but the food and the service can't be beat. I have been a few times and always enjoy going back. The owner is fun to talk to and he will tell you some amazing stories. Stop in and you'll see what I mean.
My colleagues and I had lunch there today. We all ordered the Chicken Pita and it was delicious! The chicken was greatly marinated. We will be back!
Me and my colleagues sat at the round table as we waited for our food. 

We discussed how this place is not inside the gas station but rather next to a gas station. To sum up, it is not inside a gas station because it doesn't belong in a gas station. 

Pita Combo:
As for the food, the chicken is tooo good, and the fries are too crispy and tasty that my taste buds were showering with joy. The pita bread does not fall short, it is soft and fresh; it compliments the taste of the meal very well. And dont forget to eat your veggies, yes my meal had some veggies fused inside the pita for that extra delivery of great taste followed by my tasty beverage to wash it all down. 

After we were finished I nodded my head to the cook and we drove off into the sunset.
Best gyro I have ever had!
Best Gyro's for the price.  For reference, I used to be a fan of Med Fresh Gyro's on Mill Ave but their prices have gone up and quality has gone down.    

Don't remember the name of the cook. He's always been very friendly and makes the best gyro sandwiches for $4, can not beat that anywhere in town.  I think gyro places get their meat from the same distributor/brand (Kronos), but this place is fairly generous with their pieces of meat, always pretty fresh too.  

My wife loves the Greek Salad with chicken,  like others have noted the chicken is marinated wonderfully and the lettuce is perfectly crisp each time she's had it  4-5 times now.
Solid gyro with delicious fries (perfectly cooked) and a good value. Gyro was heaping with meat - could have ordered a second pita and made two sandwiches!

I will be back - for sure.
Great gyros, good lunch price!
This little shop next to the Shell gas station is a hidden gem! My brother and I were in the car filling up gas and saw a small cafe next door, "Gyros on Central." I loved the name - reminded of how they name restaurants in New York. We were both starving so we thought to try it out.

AMAZING! I ordered the chicken pita combo and he ordered the gyro combo. Both of our sandwiches were filled up with a hearty amount of meat (love that) and the fries were seasoned, crispy and HOT. Too many times I've ordered combos, and the fries end up soggy and/or cold. My brother loved his food, too. The owner came by to ask how everything was and sat with us for awhile - incredibly nice guy. We both appreciated the hospitality.

And we'll both be back  - you should, too!
This place is great. A gyro combo is $6.50 and that gives you a stacked gyro, fries, and a drink. The gyro is delicious and totally stuffed with meat, everything about it screams flavor; the fries are also awesome. They have an entire fridge of drinks to choose from, as well as fountain drinks and even a Gold Peak tea machine, which is the icing on the cake for me. 

Head into this place, they really deserve more business. I'm a completely broke college student and I always feel satisfied with this purchase.
Love this place, reminds me of Chicago type gyros. The food is great and the place is clean. My favorite is the gyro plate, you can't go wrong with it. It's filling and the gyro meat tastes damnn good. Found this place filling up my car at the Shell gas station right next door, now I come by for the food.
"You eat your Gyros at a gas station?"

Yes I do, but only because of the outdoor seating.
I used to live nearby (2003?) and would get my gyros from a counter within the gas station. The gas station owner's wife made gyros and sandwiches which became so popular,  her husband took his large storage room and made her a seperate restaurant. I am not sure if the original family is still involved but it sounds as if the great flavors continue.
We've passed by this place a dozen times, and I finally got to try it out when we had a family dinner at our house. I was craving gyros, so I called to ask how much a big platter of gyros was. The owner was extremely nice. Both he and the cook ensured that we had a great meal. They gave me directions for reheating (as I was needing the food for Sunday, but they were only open Saturday for pickup.) Everyone loved the gyro meat. He even put together salad and pitas to go with it. It was a great price too for feeding 10 people!!! We've gone back a few times. :-)
I have been here twice. The first time I got the Veggie Platter. A nice mix of hummus, pita, a little Greek salad and Dolmades. The food is nice, but nothing overly impressive. 

On the first visit after ordering and waiting 5 minutes I was told they were out of hummus. What? A Greek place out of hummus?  At any rate I think they scraped the bottom of the barrel and I got some with my meal, but about half of what was pictured in the menu. 

I went back again today, only because I was rushed for lunch and thought i'd give them another shot, since the food was ok last time. 

I again ordered the veggie platter and was told it would be 20 minutes because they were slammed.  At the time they had three customers waiting that had already ordered. 20 minutes for a meal that has everything already made and just needs to be put in a to-go container. No thanks. 

On top of this the staff is not really overly friendly. I'd skip this place.
Family owned and operated.  Love it.  Always freshly made and very yummy.
The best Shawarma in Kitchener!  I've had better elsewhere, but if you are looking for Shawarma in Kitchener, this is the place.  There was another Shawarma place here, but frankly I haven not noticed much of a change since the change.

Highland Halal Shawarma keeps the menu pretty simple.  Shawarmas are the big draw, but there are also Gyros, Falafels and Fresh Cut Fries.  I am a big fan of the Full Flavour Shawarma, which has pickles, sauce and lots of chicken.  The place is pretty small and it really is only set up for takeout (there are two stools for customers in the whole restaurant, and it can get pretty busy here).
Good things come in small packages
Gyros here are to die for.  LOVE IT.
Fresh food and fast, came in just to try the place, met the owners Eddie and Eddie, they were super nice. Even gave me a sample cookie. All I can say is you must try the fries! They are delicious. I had a wrap with crab (they have steak and chicken too) but the crab was amazing and HEALTHY! All the service employees were really nice.

Awesome new place will definitely be back!
Wrap me up and take me home ZiKiZ. Your food is BoMb. (I don't know why their name has a capital K in the middle. I almoSt wAnT to wriTe the WhOle rEviEw this way, but I'm too full now.)

Back to the wraps. Your choice of Steak, Chicken or Crab mix or Falafel and 4 types of tortillas you can wrap it in. Or if you aren't a wrapper you could make it into a salad or a bowl. This is your meal so make your food dreams come true. 

Add: spinach, rice (white or brown), lettuce mix, olives, tomatoes, red onion, jalapeno, pickles, cucumbers, chick peas, green peppers, banana peppers, avocado, feta or mozzarella ($.99 extra for cheese), crumbled ZiKiZ chips. 

Dressing: I want to try them all! A house dressing that's good, Chipotle Ranch, Asian BBQ, Citrus, Hot Sauce, Mango Curry, Caesar, Vinaigrette. I only wish they had a Tzatziki sauce.

Wraps $7.99
Salads $8.49
Bowls $8.49 (they even have Tabouli!)

This is one of those meals that you can make healthy or kill it with the carbs depending your mood that day. I like that. Did I mention they have a cheesecake wrap? Tubby didn't try that, but it sure sounded good especially since you can choose chocolate, lemon or strawberries as your topping. Might as well rip the drawstring out of your pants to make some more room. 

I ordered online and like the fact they have the nutritional guidelines on there. Not that I even want to know about the cheesecake wrap.... Wait, strawberries are an exceptional source of antioxidants:) 

If you haven't got the memo yet ZiKiZ is doing it big up in here. Fresh, simple and have it your way. If you like to be your own boss of what you eat than check it out.
Had lunch bowl today at ZikiZ and super yummy! The steak was nice and tender, the mango curry sauce SO tasty. My husband got a steak wrap on sundried tomato tortilla. Will definitely go back! Nice healthy meal that tasted really good- tough for a lot of places to get right.
I saw the reviews on yelp and figured I would try it out. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Manger welcomed me at the door, very very nice guy!!! The staff was really nice as we'll. The food was fresh steak is cooked perfectly. I got the spinach wrap with steak, humus, lettuce, onion with homemade rice and sauce. I can tell it's going to my new favorite place to grab a bite to eat. 
With the fresh food great staff I will be back. 
Hope the best for this restaurant! KCCO!
Hummus is amazing and fresh! Loved the falafels. I will definitely be back. Great owner, friendly staff
Had a great wrap! Nice new place. Excellent food, customer service and very clean. Reasonable prices. Will be back often.
Really great new Mediterranean place. Perfect if you want healthy, fast options that also taste delicious. Staff was friendly and knowledgable!
Great food, great service and nice staff.  This really is a franchise waiting to happen.  Eddie Sr. was very nice and accommodating.  He gave us our drinks for free since it was the first time we tried the food.  We live right around the corner and will be frequenting ZiKiz.  Try it!
Great service and atmosphere are always a must for me to return.  The food needs to be good too but a friendly owner and staff go a long way.
The good news is the food is great too.  I know this place is new but they are doing everything right as if they had been there for years.
Owner made suggestions at ordering and asked how everything was when I was finished.  

I will return
Fast service but foid just didn't wow me. Basically looks like another chipotle knockoff with their take on greek food. Wasnt really crazy that the guy grilling the chicken used same pan that he used when chicken was raw to serve me in. Behind the counter looked a little dirty . Overall another medicore fast food place.
Zikiz has yet to disappoint me. Consistency is key and they've got it. Friendly service and great food every single time. I love love love did I mention love their wraps. 

I get the spinach wrap with extra chicken instead of rice, lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, banana peppers, hummus and hot sauce. Holy crap I'm salivating just thinking about it. Their hummus and hot sauce are made in house and the flavors blend perfectly give it a try. They also have a citrus green tea which is pretty delicious. 

Give them a try, I have no idea why people aren't lining up for this place but it just makes the time between walking in and inhaling my wrap that much faster.
I was about to grab a sandwich at Brooklyn Bagel when I noticed this place. I love Mediterranean food, so I thought this would be an interesting place to check out since it a casual little spot. I was greeted and walked through the process of ordering. It's basically the way you order at Chipotle. You pick your carb, meat and toppings. They have two spits, one roasting steak and the other chicken. I went with the steak wrap and added hummus, ZiKiZ dressing and the usual Med toppings to basically make myself a salad in a wrap. The steak was delicious. Not dry and had good flavor. I definitely would stop back by if in the area. Just wish they had room for one more spit to do lamb.
I just visited here for the first time after my yoga class at the bikram studio in the same plaza. I must have looked confused when I walked in, because they knew it was my first time. Service was fantastic, and the food is light, fresh, and delicious! 

You can get a wrap (4 different kinds), rice bowl, hummus bowl, or.. something else I can't remember. For protein, you can choose from steak, chicken, falafel, or crab mix. And then you choose seasoned jasmine rice or brown rice, then toppings like tabouleh, hummus, olives, onions, peppers, cucumbers, etc. It's like a miniature, healthy, mediterranean version of chipotle. 

I had a spinach & herb wrap with zikiz jasmine rice, falafel, tabouleh, cucumbers, hummus, feta, and olive oil vinaigrette. Super delicious. I have a pretty small stomach so I usually end up eating only half of anything I buy, but it was so good I ate the whole thing (and am now super full)! 

Having moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, I have pretty high standards for food quality and I can tell you this place is fantastic. 

highly recommended. I don't give 5 stars on a first date because I think consistency is an important factor in a rating, but after I go back a couple more times I'm sure I'll give them the upgrade!
Absolutely amazing steak wrap... Big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for..
As soon as I walked in the door, the wonderful smells of their food accosted me. I'm a huge fan of falafels and hummus and theirs is so tasty! The hummus is smooth and perfect, the falafels done just right. So much to choose from, I'm sure you won't be disappointed! Enjoy!
My husband said it best, "if Chipotle were literally next store, I would never go there, and I like Chipotle."

I've been on a hunt for great Arab food since we moved to Vegas 7 years ago. I've lived in Egypt, England, and Michigan (land of cheap and plentiful shwarama), and this is the first place that I've been to in the Valley that really gets it. The pick your wrap concept is so brilliantly suited to the kind of Arab comfort food that every college kid in England and Michigan is used to after a night of partying, but the level of choice also makes healthy and hearty completely plausible.

I had the falafel wrap and the falafel was obviously fresh, golden, and had a perfect marriage of crust and filling. I used to stop and pick up a dozen falafel on the way home from class in Egypt, and these would have fit right in. Sababa has been my go to falafel place, but these unseated them easily. The rest of the ingredients completed the taste bud experience: cucumber, tabouleh, red onions, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, black olives,  and feta ($.50 up charge).

My husband had the spinach and herb wrap filled with angus steak, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, onion and tabouleh and you already saw his verdict.

I had a side of tabouleh and it was so good I got another to go.

Now all I wish was that they had a branch in North LV.
Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
Hope this place succeeds. Healthy food on the go. Inexpensive. Great options. Wraps, rice bowls, salads. Good falafel. Quiet, clean place.
First time there today with my wife. My wrap and her salad were both fantastic. Healthy and tasty food, friendly service... What's not to like.
I really enjoyed the food here. Huge portions and very tasty steak. Had a hummus bowl and could barely finish half of it. I met the owner and he really seems passionate and caring about his business. It's great to see this kind of commitment to pleasing their customers.
We found this place completely on accident.   We were next door at Jamba Juice and it caught our eye.  We were greeted by 2 very friendly gentlemen.   I believe one may have been the owner.   He explained how to order.  You choose either a wrap, a salad or a hummus bowl.  I got the hummus, then you choose a protein I chose chicken.  From there you pick your extras.  So many to choose from.  It was inexpensive and delicious!  This is exactly the way I love to eat.  Clean, healthy and guilt free.  I will back... again and again!  Oh, one more thing, the "ziki sauce" is amaaaaaaazing! I hope they will think about selling it by the bottle!
I had the zikiz rice bowl with hummus, falafel, and zikiz rice.  It was super delicious!!  The French fries were also spectacular!!  Prices are good.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.
Amazing falafel! I was greeted by a kind and helpful man. The ingredients were all really fresh and you could customize to your liking. Super happy I found this place so close to home. They will know my name soon.
My awesome FPIC brought me here and it didn't sadden my taste buds. This place is great with their health options of wraps and vegetarian options. 

The place is nice and opened with a lot of natural light. It is welcoming and clean.

The fillings are abundant and they definitely made it packed with fresh goodness! I almost didn't finish it and originally when they were building my wrap,  I thought it was not enough but when I ate it.....I realized how much they put into the wrap. The sauce is really flavorful and so was the wrap itself! My FPIC had the chicken bowl and he enjoyed it quite a bit, so much so thay he didn't even try offering a bite of his!

I will be back for more the next time I am there!
Had a veggie wrap with Hummus. It's was a large portion and super delicious! Fresh food and the owners are great!
Always drop by here when I am in the area. The food tastes great and is filling. They have a combo lunch deal for $10 that tastes great and isn't all greasy.
Oh, my! I stumbled on to this place for lunch and ordered a salad ( $7.99). You choose the meat and toppings. Everything made fresh including original recipe salad dressing.  Can add hummus and a variety of Greek style toppers and cheeses. So flavorful!  I will make this shop a regular stop!
Great food, esp falafel. The owner is very friendly and clearly cares about his customers. Theres nothing like walking into a business and the employees and owner know you by your first name.
Fresh and healthful food make this place a go-to in my book! 

Needed a quick dinner around 8pm but didn't want to eat too heavy. We decided to try zikiz. I had a salad with chicken as my protein and the zikiz dressing, which was fantastic. A light vinaigrette that was delicious and refreshing. The ingredients were fresh. My husband had a rice bowl and LOVED it. He told them just to put a little of their homemade dressing and but raved about it and said he wished he let them put more on because it was so good. You can also get wraps and hummus bowls, which I'm sure we'll try some other time. 

Friendly service, bright and clean restaurant, fair prices. I'll be back here for sure!
I was very impressed with ZiKiZ and found it because of its great reviews on Yelp. I'm normally a little reserved when it comes to trying new things like the concept they have going on here, but I'm so glad I finally gave this place a shot. 

I had a bowl with ZiKiZ rice and steak. I added a little hummus and tabouli together with jalapeos, tomatoes, red onions, green pepper. I topped it off with the ZiKiZ sauce that was a sort of garlic vinaigrette. After my first bite I was sold. All of the ingredients went so well together. And this is coming from a food "separatist". I'm never a "mixer" and now I may have to rethink that whole strategy because I've probably been missing out.

Thanks ZiKiZ for making me see the light. Speaking of light, the food here is lite and healthy. It's a refreshing change when eating fast food. They also sell some gluten free, protein enriched desserts which looked tempting. I will definitely be back.
First time coming here but won't be my last.  Although they have a limited amount of food options what makes the difference is the taste and preparedness of the food, absolutely delicious.  I recommend the sticky brown rice with chicken added in it, mouth watering
If consistency is the key to success, well, Zikiz is going to be extremely successful. They are in a great location, the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious. Everything is hot and fresh. You can customize just about anything and the price is right. Keep up the good work guys!
Saw this place in passing when getting lunch to take to a friend and stopped in with no expectations.  I was SO thrilled to find all the amazing ingredients,  totally customizable to my taste, and friendly,  fast service.  Ive been telling all my other health-minded friends about this place as the best in the area to get a healthy, affordable, tasty meal.  Im gojng back today :)
Amazing food, simple menu, at an affordable price. I highly suggest you try the falafel!
The son of the owner who helped me prepare my food came out rude. But his dad was really nice. Other than that, I loved the steak wrap I got! Or should I say "burrito" LOL it was very tasty and huge!!! Thanks Zikkiz! Will definitely be back when I come back to Vegas!!
Came back here a couple more times, and I'm sad to say I won't be able to update this to a 5-star review.

One of the employees (I *think* this might be the owner's son, but this is a pure guess so I have no idea) is pretty unfriendly. Not rude, but just not friendly. Also finally had something other than the falafel - the chicken - and found it to be pretty dry. 

Still going to be coming back here again and again, but definitely has room for improvement.
I'm definitely a fan of this quick eatery. If you're in the mood for some quick and reasonably priced Mediterranean food ZiKiZ is a good option. It's like a Subway for Mediterranean food, but better because it's not Subway. You won't regret giving them a try.
This place has become a habit. It's pretty amazing. That's all there really is to it, especially if you like wraps and fast-ish food that isn't ungodly unhealthy for you.. and let's face is, most of it is. 

Food: YAY! Just yay! Everything I've tried here so far is great. They have 4 wraps that you can choose from, which are regular, whole wheat, Spinach and Herb, and Sundried Tomato. Whole wheat is usually my weapon of choice, but I've had the sundried tomato one as well and it was a-okay in my book. Oh, one more thing! They also have a gluten free wrap, so if you or somebody you know is gluten-free this place is fine. If you don't feel like a wrap, they have a variety of other options, such as bowls, plates, and salads...but really, wraps are just amazing and you should feel bad if you don't want to try one. Next is the meat. Omnomnom, meat. You can get chicken, steak, vegetarian fafalal, or crab (which of course costs extra.) I've had the chicken and steak. Both of them are good, but I prefer the chicken just because it's the healthier option and I'm pretty sure I could never get sick of chicken. Ever. The toppings are plentiful and I won't name all of them off, but the bonus here is that you can get hummus as a topping. YAY! They also have feta cheese. DOUBLE YAY! 

Sauces: Yes, this gets its own category because their sauces are awesome as well. They have some crazy ones, such as Mango Curry, and Citrus, but all of the basics are there too. Ranch, Chipotle, Buffalo, etc. They have a special Zikiz's sauce, but don't worry, it's basically a posh oil blend. Once again, all of the sauces I've had were good. The Mango Curry is my favorite, by far, since it's sweet, but has a little tang to it as well. It's perfect for a chicken and hummus wrap. 

Customer Service: I've been there a few times now and every time I go, the people working are extremely friendly. You are greeted and helped right away. The people are knowledgeable about the work environment and are readily available to hear you out for all of your Zikiz needs. In fact, if it's your first time, they are more then willing to explain the process of wrap making for you. The last time I was there, I had to get a gluten-free wrap for my friend, but didn't know what she wanted on it. She was at home sick, so I called her and asked. We were luckily the only ones in the store at the time, but when all was said and done, they ended up making her another wrap because the gluten-free ones tend to get hard after awhile. This impressed me, even though it was my fault it took so long. They were also patient. 

So this place is amazing and it's definitely on my must eat at when I'm feeling lazy but fairly healthy at the time days. One of the reviews said it best. It's like Chipotle, but 10x healthier. They also sell humus and an assortment of gluten free items in a freezer they have there. Worth a gander if you are ever in the area. The only downside is that it's tucked away in a corner of the Smiths shopping center, so it doesn't stand out. Fear not, because it will after you eat there!
Amazing. Fresh. Friendly. Reasonable.
Definitely check this spot out. 

They do a killer job!!
If you have been to Greece and the Middle East there  is no contest who has the best hummus in Vegas. I have been to Lebanon on more than one occasion where hummus was  originated (PHOENICIANS) and copied by the Greeks (Alexander the Great), Turks, and other Arabic nations. The real thing made from  scrap with that integrety and taste by far  we are so lucky to have is ZIKIZ. It doesn't look like yellow glue, hard paste , store bought, that all you can  taste is the garlic.  ZIKiZ' recipe is original from the  old  country and even the dark  golden color tells you that  the smooth taste is different with the finest ingredients and yes garlicy but with a great mixture of the  chick peas, lemon, etc. takes you back in time for the real thing.  Try  it once and I am sure you will agree.  You've tried the  rest now it's time to  try the best.  M. Haddad, Chicago/Las Vegas.
I'm obsessed with Zikiz. It is just SO good. The only way I could describe it is, it's like a Lebanese Chipotle.  

I usually get a wrap or a bowl, and they load it up with everything for me. I've had the steak which is great, but I'm really crazy about their falafel. I'm willing to go out on a limb and say its the best I've ever had. I crave this falafel.
We came here because of reviews on yelp. I am real picky about trying new places. Fresh and delicious. Friendly peeps. VERY clean. Will return again.
Love that everything is made to order and build your own.  The hummus is a must!  The management was very friendly and genuinely seemed to care about our experience.
Love Zikiz, great tasty food, my favorite is falafel, ingredients are always fresh and very tasty. The owner is very friendly and cares for his customers..
Excellent lunch spot! Fast, consistent and good! Everyone is friendly and the food is delicious. I got my co- workers hooked on this place. Very casual
It was my second time coming here...the first time was when they first opened, and i was not impressed...after a few months of being opened i figured they would have things together.......firstly i would like to specify that i LOVE their rice! it is soooooo delicious! and i made sure to compliment them on that fact several times........my biggest complaint that a bowl of rice, chick peas and some veggies is waaaaay over priced...but thats not the worst part.....my rice was SWIMMING in oil!!! if you look at the pictures that is all oil at the bottom of the bowl! it was like an oil soup! i ate as much of the surface rice as i could handle...it was too good to throw away...but it was soooo hard to eat any more.......i wish they would consider the fact that a vegetarian should not be charged the same amount as a meat eater...veggies are way cheaper than meat........paying almost $10 for a bowl of rice and veggies seems like robbery....yeah the rice is yummy(when its dry) but i will not be back.
Pros: the food taste is really good
The food is fresh

Cons: they took long time to bring the food
When we stumbled upon Palm Beach Middle Eastern restaurant this week, we weren't sure what to expect.  Being from a middle eastern family myself, and having some of the best cooking growing up, especially Turkish, we had high expectations going into this place, but remained very open minded.

As you walk into Palm Beach the atmosphere and  ambiance of the place is nothing like the Middle East or, for that matter, anyplace I have ever seen. In fact the place had little or no decor at all, really, just a big room with 20 some table and chairs.  

At first I didn't think this place was open.  But their was about 8 tables full of people, so we decided to stay and give it a try.

First the service... It was impeccable period. Very friendly staff, and right on par. Even if the blonde hair girl couldn't pronounce some of the dish.  She was terrific! 

The menu... The cover said something like "food that your mama makes". I was with my mom and dad, who are middle eastern Turkish, so this added to the expectations and they were ready to critic. 

My mom and I ordered the kefta, (meatball) served in a mattlaic pot with garlic glazed tomato sauce with middle eastern spicies... This dish WAS better than my mom has ever made. Sorry mom!  Plus she even liked it, and she is vey picky.

My dad ordered the fresh lamb that fell off the  bone onto to balsamic rice with saffron. It was also terrific.

When the waitress said that the food takes a bit longer than normal restaurants because everything is so fresh, she wasn't kidding... It took 15 minutes. But it was well worth the wait, fresh and tasty.

The food and presentation was by far superior than any Middle Eastern restaurant  I've been too in a long time.

What Palm Beach Middle Eastern Restaurant  lacks in decor and ambiance, sure makes up with the food.

I know they are a new ( only a few months old), so hopefully they will have it in their budget to make the place one day feel like you are overseas,in the Middle East, There are some beautiful places there.

So yes, I will return to Palm Beach to have the best Middle Eastern food in Tempe, decor or not, the food is well worth it... And as they said "It's  just like mamma made!"
Really, As good as it gets 5 stars!! I'm talking about the food!
Came here with my parents and girlfriend expecting to see crowds waiting, but it wasn't really packed at all.


However,  this place was super delicious. It was our first time trying different Arabic/Middle Eastern food. I asked the lady who took our orders, what was good and she explained to us that their menu has dishes from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon and Syria. 


We started with Hummus and pita bread, then we ordered Kushari (vegan Egyptian dish),  Kufta with Tahin ( Lebanese dish that came with a side of white rice), lamb Mandy ( Saudi Arabian dish which had unique smoked yellow seasoned rice, the plate was big and surprisingly delicious), and  the Arabic style Shawrma wraps that came with garlic dipping and fries. Everyone was satisfied, and we had great time. I will be Back!!
We arrived the Palm Beach one minute before they close and they welcomed us and even tough we were the only group left in the restaurant they gave us their full attention. 

The food is amazing, they have a huge menu of all "traditional" western Saudi foods. Their dishes taste like the food in an average Saudi family house.
.
The best restaurants in Tempe, the food is so delicious and the host is very friendly.
Excellent food.  Not typical kabobs. They offer a variety of saudi based dishes.  The lamb is scrumptious and the okra stew w lamb was amazing.  I highly recommend this place.
Awesome experience, very pleasantly surprised!!! Everything I tried was incredible, even the things I was not sure I would like and the prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are generous.
Highly recommended :-)
First time eating at a middle eastern restaurant. Gyro and samosa aren't limited to Greek and Indian cuisine, respectively. Great place for lunch if you are looking for smaller portions. Definitely bringing my friends one day.
Tried this place for the first time. I got the beef kabob with brown rice and naan and my boyfriend got the lamb with spinach rice and the salad bar. Both dishes were delicious! The beef kabob was tender and juicy with a full flavor. Loved the green sauce that came with it. It was spicy but fresh. The lamb definitely tasted like lamb unlike some other places that over season the meat and mask its original flavor. The salad bar had many different toppings with even pickled vegetables like brusslesprouts, garlic and carrots.

I didn't see the $20 for $25 deal until after we already paid but the owner was so awesome he gave us a large slice of baklava  on the house. The baklava tasted homemade and fresh. Just the perfect sweetness to hit the spot. The owner also brought out a savory dumpling dish for us to try which was like ravioli. Such a great guy!

I wish this place well. They are off to a great start!


Had to update my review. I called in a order for pick up and this girl on the phone was so rude and dumb. I met her in person and she was even worse! She has to go!!!
I tried this restaurant out for the first time this evening and was very pleased with what I had. I ordered a soup, an appetizer and an entree and everything was very flavorful and cooked very well- without too many spices to overdo the flavor of the main course,  or to confuse the name of the dish by killing it with too many seasonings. The two ways that Middle Eastern, Thai, Indian, etc. food can be spoiled in my humble opinion are by over cooking the food until the vegetables are a ghost of their former selves or by adding too much oil to where you can't feel your lips anymore and need plenty of napkins. I experienced none of that here and the flavors were exceptional. Even the vegetable samosas came out very tasty without being overly oily and everything I had just hit the spot. I went in on a Sunday evening and it was slow, and the server even brought out a vegetarian dish for me to try on the house! Lots of flavor and went well with the bread that comes with the entree, served nice and warm.  There also have a few stuffed naan bread options that look really interesting for when you're in that comfort food type of mood. I'll definitely be going back again for sure :)
I had the lamb kabob with rice and my wife had the beef kabob.  Both were delicious and perfectly cooked.  The staff was very nice.  I am a transplant from the east coast and have yet to find decent meat on a stick here, especially lamb, but this took me back home.  It was really good and tasted authentic.  I would definitely recommend this place
I went here with my parents for dinner and got the group platter and chicken samosas. We were stuffed and had plenty left to bring back home for the next day. The staff were very friendly as well.
I miss ya baby.  You were exotic and exciting and mysterious.  You opened me to a whole new world.  And of course, I didn't appreciate you enough and didn't pay enough attention and one day you were gone and I was heartbroken, wondering what I was going to do next, which turned out to be pick another one up on the other side of the highway, and continue my passionate affair.

With Afghani food of course!

Had a nice lunch today at this Afghani restaurant that opened two weeks ago. At the northeastern corner of Higley and Baseline, this space has been a revolving door of mediocre Indian buffets, but this restaurant I'm hoping is here to stay. First impression, I'm not going to miss Ariana's, which was a short-lived Afghani restaurant on the other side of the 60.  Tastefully decorated with mainstream music playing not too loudly, was a spacious place for lunch.  There was a 20 top that was seated shortly before us, so can't judge service too much, as it was probably around 30 minutes before we got our food. They proclaim proudly about a 72 hour marinade process and a custom made kebob grill thats supposed to be the bees knees.

With whatever you order you get a choice of different sides, amongst a salad bar, which although tiny had a nice assortment of add-ons, like chick peas, afghani pico, roasted red peppers, chutneys, and conventional stuff you'd expect as well.

Yummy times on the Lamb Kebobs! The skewer was removed from the meat, so although it looks small it still packs quite a punch (twhs) and was quite a filling meal. Tasty, lean lamby goodness, with a firm and satisfying mouthfeel!  The chutney was pretty tart, I liked it a lot, although I disagree with a previous comment about the spiciness. The little cup of pico de gallo Afghani style (haha I'm sure theres an actual name but too lazy to look it up) was tasty. Also I'm sure misnamed but the Tahini sauce was thinner then a greek one and more herbacious, quite delicious. The spinach accented basmati rice was fine but not noteworthy.

My wife had their GRILLER- Tikka kabob, grilled onions, grilled vegetables and creamy house sauce, had a few bites and was quite tasty. Their naan bread they used for the wrap is thicker and almost wheatier then anything I've had before, kinda neutral on it but worked as an acceptable conveyance of the deliciousness inside.

Has only been opened two weeks so will continue to explore what they offer, pretty wide assortment of items on their menu, with some vegetarian entrees for those so inclined.
Being extra generous but its a 3 for food quality at best but the owner was very quick to respond when they left items off my order. Will give it one more  shot  soon, hope they serve beer or wine by then!
Wife and I tried this place last night for the 1st time. I had the Lamb Kabob, with a side of Badenjan  Borani (eggplant). My Wife had the Lamb Chops with a side of Borani Kadu (butternut squash) and both of us had some Naan. We are huge fans of Mediterranean food and India food, this place was similar along those lines, basmati rice, tzatziki sauce.. you know.. all of that...soooooo

When you first walk up to the place it doesn't look like much from the outside. From the inside the seating is spacious, decor is average, they have one flat screen T.V. on the wall and they like to blast top 40 music. It is very clean. There weren't many people just my wife and I and about 3 other people for a 6pm Thursday night. As you walk in you're corralled into a walk way area where there is a menu on the wall to chose your dishes. You will place your order 1st and pay at that time then they will hand you a number and they will bring your food to you at your table. Pepsi products here only. 

The booth we sat in was super comfy and I kind of like that it wasn't super busy. We had attentive service, but like I said just about a total of 5 people eating. The two girls working seems like they needed something to do. :)

The food.. was good. My lamb was soft and the brown rice was nice, my Wife thought they may have put something in it as she thought it was very good compared to her white rice. Her lamb chops were cooked just right and very good. My eggplant was very slightly sweet and tasty, the butter squash my Wife had was slightly sweet and very good as well. They have us plenty of naan so much we took it home. 

I enjoyed the dinner and environment as well as the servers were nice. There wasn't anything that WOW'd me so I'm not so inclined to give full stars. Al together for 2 dinners I think we payed over $30 dollars, so not the cheapest place to eat. I'm thinking the dollar amount could be slightly less for the amount of food, but no complaints. 

I be back to try another item and maybe I'll give this place one more star, we'll see.. but I do recommend the place at least one time.
Good quality of food. Reasonable prices. Quick service. Friendly server and a kind owner. Who is up and running, making food and checking in at the customers all the time. Authentic food. The right ingredients for a successful restaurant.
I tried this out because I got a $20 groupon for $11 and am a sucker for fresh naan!  We tried a sampler of small plates of which the spinach somosas was the hands down best.  The beef kabob was flavorful  but over cooked and dry.   It's a new establishment and they have some kinks to work out but some of the favors are amazing. ...but a tad heavy on cilantro for me.
Delicious!!  I haven't had good Afghani food since I left NY.  My husband, who is an old school "meat and potatoes" guy, had the beef keemah kabob and loved it.  I had the chicken breast kabob and also loved it.  The servers were friendly and attentive, and the owner stopped by to see how our meal was going.  

I will definitely be going back soon.
Great food. Friendly. Flexible. I had the lamb and the special meatballs. Oh, and the spinach qorma. My brother made me try the chicken kebab. I'm not usually a fan of chicken. It was amazing. All very tasty!
Okay... this place is amazazing!!

I love this kind of food to begin with, But Rania's is just awesome. I went there for the first time on Tuesday of this week and I have been back every day for lunch! 

The Naan bread is out of this world and cooked fresh in their clay pot oven when you order it. We tried the appetizer sampler platter and everything was really good, especially the Spinach Samosa. I've tried both the beef Keemah Kabob and the Chicken Breast Kabob and they'e great. the Spinach Seasoned Rice is great too.

The owner and his staff were really nice to us and I just can't say enough good about this place! Prices are very reasonable too. You gotta try them out!
We tried Ranias tonight for dinner. The food was really good love the brown rice also the jalepeno chutney Yummy. I had the steak kabob and my husband has the pan fried fish both were very good, We shared a vegetarian mushroom dish liked the salad bar and the naan bread. It's kind of a quiet place and didn't seem that busy. Which is a shame because the food and service are good.
What a fantastic, delicious delight!  After seeing it post-workout at Fitness Works I decided to give it a try.  So glad that I did.  Will look forward to returning weekly.
Horrible service. Took forever to serve the complete order. Don't want to waste more time by writing a more elaborate review.
Pleasantly surprised at this place, wasn't sure what to expect. Had the lamb and chicken kabobs with spinach rice.. Really good! I stopped in to get this to go, service was quick and I didn't want long. Spinach and cheese samosa are great too. I'll definitely go back for more!
I love this place. I've been here a few times and have only tried three menu options. So far my favorite is the fried fish with spinach basmati rice but the chicken kabobs were tasty too. Everything tastes so fresh! I wish I could use the spicy cilantro jalapeo chutney as toothpaste. The portions are huge as well. Very clean and updated decor. The servers are great and know the menu. Jordyn was very helpful.  I hope the word gets out on this delicious jem. It is officially a spot I plan to enjoy weekly. Plus, they offer delivery!
This was our first and probably last visit. We placed a takeout order with a teenage, blonde cashier who was "interesting"..to say the least. My boyfriend asked for a lid to his to go cup and she asked him if he could be patient (in a sarcastic tone)-yikes! Anyone who reads my reviews knows I'm big on service so that gets a 1 star in my book. The food took forever and when we got home they forgot his bread and gave me a dry chicken salad with nothing more then lettuce, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers..deconstructed sandwich? The portions were on the small side for the price. Not impressed.
Ate their for the first time with a Groupon. Had the special meatballs that we're good. What amazed me was how delicious the rice an naan bread was.... Like I couldn't stop eating it. I will absolutely go back again
Went to lunch here today and really enjoyed the visit and the food.  The restaurant is clean, well decorated, and the wait staff is very anxious to make sure you know all about the menu.  My companion is vegetarian and has had Afghani food before, so he quickly decided on the eggplant (Badenjan  Borani),  with lentil soup as an appetizer. He was pleased with all the vegetarian options, though there are many choices for carnivores, too.   The meal comes with a delicious generous portion basmati rice with a sprinkling of shredded carrot and raisins, and a large portion of naan for each person.   I got mushroom quorma, with vegetable samosas as the appetizer.   I absolutely recommend this place and will return, for sure.  In fact, my friends and I are going there on Wednesday!
Great food, slow service. We came here for lunch and were confused what to do because no one greeted us at the entrance. Do we go to the counter and order? Sit in a booth? It was actually another table of people we recognized who told us we could sit at a table and wait for the waitress to come over.

So sit we did. And we waited, and waited. Eventually one person at our table managed to hail a staff member and let him know that we were on a tight schedule for lunch and needed to order ASAP. We finally got some menus and were able to browse through the selections.

Along with kabobs, they also have various vegetarian and stew-like dishes. I decided on the eggplant ($9.95). When it came out, it was a heaping portion of veggie and rice.  The eggplant had a tender soft texture, with a savory tomato based sauce. The rice was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, with some sweet carrot and raisin mixture on top. 

Although service was slow, the staff did apologize profusely, saying that they were swamped for lunch that day. I found that a bit odd since they were only a little less than half capacity when I looked around the restaurant. 

I'd like to try Rania's again, but maybe when I'm not in such a time crunch for food.
Food was amazing they had 3 different kinds of rice.. The chicken and steak kabobs melt in your mouth and a small craft beer selection. A local gem you have to try this place
Tried the beef mantu, chicken samosa, beef keemah kabob, chicken kabob! So good. The restaurant was clean & the staff was super friendly!!
Delicious!!! I tried this placed yesterday during lunch with a few of my friends. We decided to family style everything in order to taste a little bit of everything on the menu. We ordered 12 different dishes, and they were ALL great!! My personal faves are the beef keemah kabob, and lamb chops. Their house sauce is something outta a dream! Please leave room for dessert and tea though, or you will be disappointed!! My favorite dessert was the cream puff!
The place is clean, and plates are plentiful, the service is excellent and the Ashak plate is delicious!
Me and my parents went to Rania today and the food was great!! My favorite food was the gyro and ashak. But today there wasn't really any people in there except for three other people. So it would be very helpful if you guys would recommend this place to a friend, so more people will come and try it.  :-)
I bought a gift card for Groupon for this restaurant $15 what's the cost for $30 worth of food thought that was a great deal until after I finished the purchase and it said I could only use 10 dollars at a time it did not tell you this until after you confirm your purchase very dishonest when I asked the owner if I could use them. anyway that I was from out of town and would not be able to come back he said no so I got up and left I felt the server was very rude I tried to place an order several times she looked at me and walked away then when I asked to speak to the owner about the mishap with a certificate he didn't come until they put the food on the table. The food did look good and it was a good price but I was very unhappy with how they treated me.
Visited Ranias after a purchasing a Groupon for the restaurant. The food was delicious, hot, amd fresh. I had the beed sirloin kabob platter with about 6 good sized pieces of sirloin and amazingly seasoned brown rice. The naan was served hot, fresh from the oven and was absolutely delicious! Several beers on tap and bottle choices as well. I would definitely visit again!!!!
Groupon success again! 

Prior to heading to Rania's, I had an image of an older shopping center with a small hole in the wall restaurant. Very traditional in appearance and strong spice smells.This was not the case. The Higely Shopping Center is newly developed next to the new Banner Hospital. The restaurant is pretty spacious; 8 booths (I think) and about 6 tables. The Expo window let's you view the kitchen while serving yourself with a delightful salad or Pepsi product. The decor was colorful and lively, but still showed tradition with a modern flair. The young female servers were friendly and helpful, so much so that they ordered almost all my order. Which I was wanting because I didn't know what to expect being a novice to Middle Eastern\Afghani food. I placed me  to go order for my boyfriend and I,  which took about 10 minutes,  I think to complete. The spread include:  

- Vegetable Samosas: fried potato turnover with onion and peas. Delicious!

- Beef Mantu: beef steamed dumplings covered in a red and cream sauce. They were like raviolis with spicy marinara. Good, not sure I order again. 

- Roasted Red Pepper Hummus: fresh and yummy. A little atypical as it was chunky; not smooth like most hummus.

- Chicken Kabob with spinach rice and Naan: Rice was scrumptious, chicken was tender and juicy, but I felt it needed more in flavor. Naan, well I will get to this later. 

- Beef Sirlion Kabob with spinach rice and salad bar: Like the chicken it was missing the mark in flavor for me, but the green spicy sauce, taziki and Mediterranean Pico added to it. The salad bar had mixed greens that you could add Kalamata olives, grilled mixed veggies, garbanzo beans, etc. Quite an array of fixings and dressings. All fresh and cold. 

Now most of important the Naan! I don't know if they have one of those fancy flat tops or steamer things, but the bread was crisp and fluffy. The burnt edges were lil' smoky bites of goodness. The slight drizzle of olive oil added a sweetness that made me want gobble it. Did I add they served up a plentiful amount and thank goodness they did as it was amazing with hummus or just alone. 

Will I go back?  Heck yes, Groupon or not. 

Tip on the Groupon: 
Make sure you read fine print; any smart person does! You cannot use it with other coupons or specials and there are two offers are available. One for a set amount to use in whole and the other to spilt into 3 separate small amounts.
I have visited this place 3 times now. I want to give it a better rating but it has been so inconsistent regarding service. The food itself is 4 star rating. I love everything I've tried. Chicken Kabob and Eggplant Borani are great. This time I was on the phone for 10 min while the waitress figured out how to put in the order. I waited
30 min for a call ahead order on a Sat.  I hope the restaurant gets it together because I really like the food!
I really like the food here. I had never tried Afgahni food and couldn't say it was authentic but what they are serving is really good.  Some times the service can be slow but I've mostly done call in for pick up or delivery.  I keep wanting to try new things but often find myself getting the chicken breast kabob or naanwhich. The fish is excellent.  Love the green rice. I recently noticed they changed the menu so more new things to try.  I was less impressed by the spinach naanpizza but still might try the others. The restaurant is clean. All staff I dealt with were friendly.
Wife got the beef keemah, basmati rice and naan. I got the beef keemah and chicken keemah combo with rice and a salad. Also we ordered a side of grilled vegetables. I have to say these folks have something special here. Good spices in the meat. Rice was cooked to perfection. Naan was a bit on the charred side, I like that but wife does not. The sauce they gave is was delicious as well not what it was but it was green. Maybe parsley or spinach with a kick!
We have not been to the actual location. So I am basing my 5 stars on the food being really good and being delivered in a timely manner. Considering it was 7-8pm on a Saturday night it took only 45 minutes. This was my first time ordering through an iPhone app and was sure I paid with a card. When the delivery person came they said it was cash. We didn't have the cash but assured him I would call it in right away. He said "cool I trust you" gave me the food and I gave him a fiver tip. Very nice young man. So I called in the card and all was saved!
I came here a few times during their first month, but I haven't been back in awhile since I no longer work next door to the restaurant. I would hesitate on returning after reading some of these reviews indicating that they switched from counter service to table service. The workers there had a hard enough time deciphering the menu and ringing up orders anyways. I'm frightened how they would handle a full service gig.

There are some good items here, however. I like the first two dishes that I had tried, the eggplant and butternut squash. Both were very unique for this area, and the flavors were great. I really like the kabuli rice too. I liked the small salad bar. I couldn't get enough of their Afghani pico de gallo.

I wasn't as impressed with the appetizers. The samosas and ashak were both too greasy. I didn't like the baklava either, but I'm ruined on that dessert after going to Turkey.
The food was incredible. I highly recommend checking it out for that reason. They do seem a bit understaffed, but the staff was very friendly. They also have excellent, though not well advertised, beers on tap.
We just ate here and everything was delicious! We got samoas and put the amazing green and red chutney and white sauce all over them. So good. I got the gyro and hubby got the butternut squash dish. Everything was really tasty and perfect. We never had afghan food before. We will be back!
I ventured in here again, enticed by the lure of Groupon. Right when I entered I was warmly greeted by the owner. I went to the counter and browsed through the menu, pondering what food I should get for take out. I got the chicken and beef keemah and a side of butternut squash borani. The order didn't take too long to make, and I was soon off to drive back home to enjoy my newly acquired lunch.

The chicken and beef platter came with 2 long pieces of mixed white and dark meat chicken, and 1 long piece of ground beef. Both were expertly seasoned, and very tender. The meat rested on a large portion of rice (You get your choice of various rice sides; I chose the spinach rice). The spinach rice was also quite good, and nicely cooked. I enjoyed the butternut squash borani was well. The mild flavor of the squash contrasted well with the yogurt sauce on top of it. 

The meal also came with some cucumber/tomato salad, yogurt sauce, and some green chutney (Mint? Cilantro?). All were excellent, packed with flavor, and accentuated the meal well.

The naan was also very good. It tasted different from naan I've had at Indian restaurants. The texture was more pillowy on the inside, with a nice crisp outer layer.

Due to the improvement in service, upgrade 1 star!
I have to thank Scott P. for his great review of this place.  I was browsing Yelp one morning, checking my bookmarks, and reading reviews just to find someplace new that caught my eye, and Rania's certainly did that.  What a fantastic first impression!

We were greeted right away and guided to a booth, and our server, Margaret, took our drink order and said she'd give us time to look at the menu.  I had already been scoping it out on the internet and drooling over the choices, so we started with 2 of the Beef Mantu and 2 of the Ashak on the small plate menu.  I love that they have different amounts for these so you can get as many as you want.  With a salad and some bread you could make a meal out of the small plates alone.

I wish I could describe the flavors in a way that would really do both of these dishes justice, but they were amazing and a blend that I had never tasted before.  The mantu in particular had a little heat to the seasoning blend, but nothing overwhelming at all.  It was very pleasant and I want to go back and eat those again for sure.  

Then for our entrees I ordered the chicken breast and beef sirloin kabob platter with brown rice and the naan bread.  Mr. M ordered the pan fried fish with spinach rice and the salad bar.  

The salad bar choices are really varied and nice and fresh.  Mr. M came back with some greens, chickpeas, olives, and I think some raisins were in there, but it was a nice way to start the meal.  The bread is great too, and I agree with other reviewers who say it's a little different from what you might expect.  A few charred edges and a thinly fluffy interior make this bread different and very tasty.  I loved scooping some rice and grilled meat from my plate onto some bread and tasting that group of flavors.  Wow.  Just wow.

Mr. M's fish was fried perfectly as well.  Nice light breading and nice light texture all around.  Again, a blend of seasonings that I'm too inexperienced to describe, but it was delicious.  And he said he usually does not like rice, but he ate every bit of that spinach rice.  Our total for those 4 items plus an iced tea was $34.70 before tip.  

They have a Yelp check-in offer too that is something like a free small plate with the purchase of an entre, and there is also a groupon out there for them.  Now is the time to give Rania's a try if you've been thinking about it.  I look forward to a return visit.
Great food, good service. My chicken dish was amazing, and their Spanish rice is absolutely delicious. I would absolutely recommend this place for some amazing middle-eastern cuisine.
Food is great.  They were out of what I wanted to order but it was still delicious.  Definitely give it a try!
Great first time! Will be back! :) come you will be freshly satisfied, as everything is made fresh daily!
First off, this place deserves 5 stars for just being a mom & pop restaurant in the East Valley.
That Rania's serves authentic tasting Afghan cuisine out in no mans land ... well that's a minor miracle.

I laugh at the some of the low star reviews, whats your comparison. The McRib!
I mean really, you had better ... Where ...................?
Tools!

If you consider yourself a foodie get your butt over here and check this fantastic cuisine out.

They even have Four Peaks & Santan Beers on Tap. 

Awesome!
WOW - This is a diamond in the rough!!  Its tucked away in a corner of the strip mall but the food is absolutely incredible.  The plates and wraps are HUGE and easily can be shared between two people.  Owner is friendly and really wants you to come back.

Naan is great, their specials are good.  I recommend this place highly!!!
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while finally did tonight. Bummed we didn't try it sooner. Sooooooo good. I'm currently eating a Paleo diet with can make eating out tough since it calls for just proteins, vegetables, and fruit that is prepared with out frying with all natural ingredients  (this is a simplified explanation) . This place had me covered (though those who like rice and pita your good to go here too). Great flavors, made fresh to order, and great costumer service. Super fresh salad bar with lots of healthy options. Try this place, you'll be happy you did.
Food is great here,  we got take out and was delish but serving of hummus was tiny for 6 bucks? We will return it was very good.
Amazing service, amazing food. Every time that I am in the area I stop by. Can't get enough of the kabuli style rice!!!
Went here with a friend; it was all right. It's nice to find a place that you can order something and avoid all the badies (wheat, excessive oils, et cetera). Still, they could be a little less stingy with the meat; got like four small pieces for my sirloin kabob.

The owner came over and asked how we were doing, but not in a schmoozing way. That was nice.

They're a sitdown place, but it's more "fast casual" than "fine dining." 

I might go there again.
All things aside, this was our first visit and it was delicious. I had a gyro... kind of (explained later), and the spinach rice. It was so fantastic and full of flavor!

 We ordered the chicken simosa, which the waitress said was an appetizer. It was served AFTER we already started our main course. Wish they would have brought it out earlier.  Also, the waitress (Polish lady) was very nice, but in too much of a hurry to explain things well.  She knew this was our first visit. I said I wanted a gyro. She asked if I wanted the sandwich or combo platter. I asked what the difference was. She said the combo was served with rice. So I ordered the combo.  When we got our food, there was no sandwich.  Just meat on top of rice.  When I explained we may have miscommunicated, they were nice and said they would give me a sandwich. I said,  don't worry about it, just bring me bread and I'll make it myself. They asked if I wanted pita or naan bread.  I said naan. I wish they would have told me it was heated with butter or oil. When they finally brought it out, it was too crisp to make a gyro from. So, I cut it up into pieces to eat with my meat.  So,  fantastic food, but a little lacking in service. I will come back and try it again!
The samosas are super delicious at Rania's! Food tastes fresh and made from scratch! Win!!!
Today I was sitting at home, didnt feel like cooking or pizza. So I checked trusty yelp, seen the reviews and ordered the combo kabobs ans naan bread. Hands down the best Afghan cuisine I have ever tried. I am blown away. You HAVE to try this place. 
I will be eating here tomorrow as well, have to try their gyros now.
Hands-down the absolute best delivery we have ever eaten.  We got the Group Pleaser Combo plate,  which had chicken, lamb, and beef.  Fantastically seasoned, and accompanied  by their amazing rices (Spinach and Brown) and a garden salad.  Who knew delivery could be so good!
My wife and I LOVE this place! She is Afghan and definitely approves of the cuisine. Service is very friendly, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and as we were informed by Margaret our server, completely house-made. We will definitely be returning as often as possible!
Had the chicken breast kabob and garlic naan. So good! Everything was well cooked, seasoned and delicious. Loved the red pepper-habaero and cilantro-jalapeo chutneys too. Definitely coming back.
Great food, great service and the portions are definitely substantial for a great price.  

We loved the naan and the red pepper hummus.  For our entree we both ordered gyros and were only able to finish half, since the size was about double of what you would get anywhere else.  

Everything was clean and inviting and our waitress was attentive. We didn't have to wait long for our order.  

Will definitely be back!
Ordered take-out once with my mother. Ordered delivery twice to my home. I think I need to dine in the restaurant to see if the portions are larger and if it tastes better hot. Not that it didn't taste good, but I thought it could have been better if it was fresher.

When I ordered the take-out, it was hot-ish when we ate it, and I really did love it. The chicken chapli my mother ordered had a great flavor and the spinach rice was an excellent compliment to it. I ordered the butternut squash. It was good and spicy, but I forgot how little time it takes for butternut to cool off. It wasn't as hot (temperature-wise) as I would have liked, and it was a little over-cooked which didn't help either. Good blend of spices though.

I was a little disappointed with the garlic naan. Maybe I'm spoiled by Copper Kettle and their fantastically fresh garlic naan from the tandoor. This naan is thicker, which is fine, but they don't seem to use fresh garlic. It looks like it was brushed with butter and sprinkled with garlic powder salt. Oy. Might save the owners some money, but it isn't a good choice. Skip the salt and the powder. Use real garlic. The flavor would be sooooo much better.

Let's talk delivery.  Yikes. What a difference. The portions are smaller, the food is colder and it is more expensive since they charge you a delivery fee. My son ordered a kabob that came with merely 3 pieces. My chapli had 2 pieces. The samosas sit in their own grease. Ew. My friend (who is from out-of-town) loved their spinach pizza-naan though. Since I am a fair person, I tried them again, hoping the bad stuff was a fluke. Same thing. However, their hummus "pizza" was amazing. Loved it!!

Just to be fair, I need to point out that the temperature of the food could be partially my fault. I do live at mile 4.8 of their 5-mile maximum radius. Travel time could affect the food temp, and I'm probably the last stop if they have multiple orders.
Ordered for delivery. Food was excellent! Food came faster than quoted and exceeded expectations! We love having gyros and while ttheir gyro meat is not the best I've ever had it makes up for it with the delicious sauces! Will defiantly be back!
I have tested several restaurant for Kobbideh Kebob menu and I can definitely say that this place serves the best Koobideh I have ever had. Don't miss their wraps they are really delicious and the price is amazing! you can have a chicken wrap for only 3.99$+tax!!
great taste, generous portions, comfortable atmosphere. excellent value. 
so far i've tried their koobideh, joojeh and chenjeh, which are fantastic. 
when you get the platter w/ rice, you'll still get salad, so you won't leave hungry. 
the tomatoes are roasted so nicely too. they really cover their bases with everything and leave you satisfied.
Best Kebob ever! This restaurant offers variety of Persian dishes at a reasonable price. Totally recommended.
great food, good service and charming staff.. been here a couple times so far and was never disappointed... K/W finally has a great persian restaurant...
This is a new restaurant, beware the other reviews as management has flooded Yelp with over twelve 5+ reviews (all posted on June 10/11? Really?).

Weekday lunch: Service is friendly, but slow - there was only one person in charge of doing everything and it took longer than expected despite there only being 3 customers total. The owner likes to talk to people, no problem with that.

The $3.99 beef wrap is a good deal for its size. It was smaller than average and greasy, but definitely good value for the amount paid. Confusingly, veggie and chicken wraps are more expensive ($4.49 and $4.99 respectively - a veggie wrap more expensive than beef wrap!?)

Overall, 4 stars for good value after considering cost. Food had more taste than the more expensive Shawerma Plus ($8.69 incl. fries + drink) nearby, but was definitely smaller, greasier and unhealthier.... 

No posted menu, only the delivery menus so it is confusing when you first walk in where to order from.