Speedy, friendly service, rarely messes up my order, even if it is complicated, which it usually is. 

Late night staff get swamped regularly, but handle it well. Great vegetarian and vegan options. 

(I feel I need to say that my five stars is versus other fast food restaurants, but for the money it definitely still holds its own. )
After months of inadequate staff who constantly messed up our order and took forever, something changed, and this Taco Bell has returned to what it had been.  Friendly staff, reliable service.  And that tasty Taco Bell quality I've come to enjoy when I'm good and hammered or just not in the mood to cook or drive very far.
Easily the best TB in Madison (though with State St and University/Segoe closed, it's not much of a competition). Everything is made very well, very fresh, and very fast. Great service. The location rocks too right between 30 and Milwaukee. No complaints and this one is much less sketchy than the one on Park.
It's a Taco Bell. Certainly you haven't come here with Rick Bayless expectations, but it's still a top tier fast food choice. The interior is great and clean, and the staff is generally friendly, but that's about where the good vibes start falling. 

Go between lunch and early dinner hours, and you'll never have an issue.  At least, I haven't. 

After 730pm, however, avoid it. Mistakes aplenty (two tacos had no meat!) from the drivethru, the waits get longer as the night goes on, and if you think you want to stop here around "fourth meal" time, prepare to be overwhelmed by how much they've run out of. It's a little disheartening due to the proximity of our drill location, but we still forget the late night issue and get suckered in once a month.
Well, I went there earlier tonight with my boyfriend. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and soft taco. He ordered the #6 combo, which is the beef chalupa w/a hardshell taco. The inside of my quesadilla was cold and barely had any chicken in it. I was very disappointed. My boyfriend's chalupas had barely any meat in the inside and it was the same for his hardshell taco. I would expect better service and better preparation. We waited an awfully long time about 15 minutes. I don't recommend this place to anyone. The Taco Bell on East Washington is far better.
Every once in a while, I get a craving for a Chulapa, and it's off to Taco Bell.  Love those things, and unlike some places, they've gotten my order right EVERY time!
I went to this location tonight and ordered food. The guy who took my order got the order wrong. I told the shift manager, Matt, and he fixed the problem immediately. Furthermore, he was polite and had good manners which was a plus. Thank you, Matt!
Fairly decent upscale Southwestern spot.  Great margaritas and nice outdoor dinning area.  The enchilidas were good, although I think I prefer the preparation at an authentic Mexican restaurant.

The fried wonton "tortilla" chips and salsa were an excellent starter.
I was just  visiting Phoenix over the weekend for the Rock N Roll Marathon on  Jan. 14th. We were staying at the Hyatt Regency on 2nd Street & Monroe, walking distance from the Arizona Center that is blessed with Sam's Cafe! 
I can be a demanding customer due to my dietary needs. I am always in need of altering my menu selection and substituting items. Sam's wait staff & chef were extremely accommodating to me. I had the Fish Tacos on Saturday night with a full serving of steamed vegetables instead of the rice & beans it usually comes with. They also gave me the Chipotle sauce on the side and plenty of salsa... (GOOD salsa)!
We were so pleased with our meal & service that on our last night in town we opted to return to Sam's Cafe knowing we would be satisfied with our meals and the menu has alot of goodies to choose from. I had the Salmon this time on a bed of veggies instead of sweet potatoes. I did let myself indulge in some of their tasty and chips with the chunky & tasteful salsa, (I just ran a marathon)! The chips themselves are very unique mixture of blue corn tortilla, sweet potato chips, and some other varieties...GOOD! 
I will return on any visit to Phoenix!!
My husband and I live downtown, and Sam's has become one of our favorite regular spots (bonus that the AMC theater is right there, too!). The chips are great- a variety of veggie, tortilla, and won-ton chips mixed in one basket. The tortilla soup, quesadillas, and especially the carnitas plate are all highly recommended. The Orange Beso margarita is so delicious and so big we always split one. The seafood pasta was acceptable, which is almost high praise in Phoenix where most of the seafood we've had is downright nasty. We've never had room for dessert, but the white chocolate/pecan corn husk is the perfect little bit of sweet at the end of the meal. Prices are fair and the outdoor seating is cool, but can be a little loud when they are crowded and the waterfalls are running in the courtyard. The service has always been good to excellent.
This restaurant closes their doors at 10pm SHARP!! My mom and I arrived at the restaurant at 10pm. The hostess planned to close the restaurant. Thank you Manager of the restaurant for letting us stay!!

We basically had 5 minutes to look at the menu. Our waitress wanted us out ASAP. I didn't look at the menu carefully so I just picked something out of the Specialty section. 

Anyway, the chips and salsa were awesome!!! Our basket of chips had three varieties: corn tortilla, blue corn tortilla, and a sweet and spicy chip. I really liked the sweet and spicy chip since it tasted like a slightly spicy churro. Yum!  The salsa had a black bean flavor and chunks of tomatoes. Also yummy.

The food came out so quickly!! It took like 10 minutes for the food to come out. Haha.

I had the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast. mMmMM.. the stuffing was so good!! I loved the herb-goat cheese mixed with the red pepper cream sauce and the cilantro pesto. The chicken was very moist! The asparagus wasn't too good, as it was chewy. However, the southwest rice pilaf was so creamy and had a smoky flavor. I also loved the extra touch of the tortilla chips on top of the dish. Lovely presentation!

My mom had the Chicken Penne Pasta with the cilantro pesto. The chicken was moist, and the pesto had a deep cilantro flavor. If you hate cilantro, stay away from this dish!! There was a tad bit too much olive oil, but the strong cilantro flavor was awesome!

It was a pleasant surprise to receive a frozen white chocolate tamale. YUMMY! I only eat white chocolate so I was so excited to eat this. Loved the nuts and the sweetness. 

Again, our waitress was not very nice to us. So I'm taking off a point for the service.

We were out the door by 10:40pm.
Eating outside at Sam's while birds are awake is a bad idea if you a) have sensitive ears, b) are distracted easily or c) don't like feeling like you're in the middle of a rainforest.  The birds in the trees surrounding the patio are RIDICULOUS.  
Excuse me birds, I'm trying to eat.  I don't need your incessant chatter, and I also don't need you perching on nearby chairs giving me those "look how cute I am, don't you want to give me a chip?" moony eyes.  And since you're shouting so loud to hear each other over the water feature, it just means the paying human diners have to yell to each other even louder to be heard above everything else.  Soothing, it is not. 
But if you're a mellow sort and you can let the cacophany fade into the background, you'll be stoked you found anywhere downtown that is serving food on a Sunday evening, and hey, it's early March and you're sitting outside for dinner because the temperature is in the mid 70s!  Gotta love the desert!
The margaritas are glorified lemonade; I had to have 17 of them before I even started to feel a tiny bit buzzed, and even then it may have been just from wishing so hard.
I had the carne asada and it was pretty good.  Flavorwise, it was quite good, although I couldn't get past the feeling that it was flavored with beef bouillon or something, to up the beef flavor.  Texturewise, if you told me I was eating mountain goat I would not have argued with you.  Note to management: sharp knives would be nice to cut through the stringy cut of meat.
My server was fast and friendly, and didn't even call the Federales when I had to confess that I did not have my wallet.  Good thing online shopping has taught me to memorize my credit card number!!!
Oh, and score on the chips & salsa concept: a mix of blue corn, corn, flour and. . . . sweet potato!  Hell yeah!  Only drawback was that some of the sweet potato chips weren't crunchy and had that awful chewy, oily texture of fried food gone wrong.  Who knew sweet potato chips would be good with salsa?!  Prices were great - my slab of some type of animal and onions (don't believe their promises of "onions and peppers" - it's mostly just onions) with black beans and rice, and a margarita all for less than $30, including tax and tip.  Not too shabby.
Oh, and don't forget the white chocolate/pecan "tamale" they give you gratis.  It tasted just like a Jordan almond if you ask me, and even though you didn't, I just told you anyway.  Better than average mall food.
Margaritas were tasty but a little light on the booze.  Complementary chips and salsa were better than average.  Even though we didn't get any food the waiter still brought us a white chocolate with pecan mini tamale for desert at no charge.  Nice touch, just for that kind gesture I'll come back to eat.
Excellent chips and salsa, great patio, and consistent food. The "limit 2" margaratias are so strong I have never actually wanted a second one. I like the ahi salad a lot, which is a spicy seared ahi with their raspberry vinagrette, and the chimichanga is awesome. Dine on the patio or the bar for the best service, as sometimes inside it can be terrible. The patio is also great in the evening when the place is lit up with christmas lights and you get the view of the beautiful water features and scuptures. Keep in mind the Arizona Center, being the lush green place it is, has somewhat of a cockroach problem in the summer when it is warm, and them suckers are HUGE. Never seen one near the restaurants though. The menu has something for everyone, and everything is decent. If not for the proximity to my home, and the patio, this would be a sub-par bet, however.
I have been to this place a couple of times once for dinner and a couple of times for happy hour. And I love it. The servers are friendly, the place is beautiful, the best part is the outside patio. The only two negative things are the small bar area (happy hour is only in the bar) and the birds. The birds are cute, very chatty and will join you at your table to try and share your chips.

The food was great, I got the enchiladas which were tasty and I asked to change the side and the waiter was more then happy to let me do that. A friend got the Tuna salad which she enjoyed. I am not a fish person but she let me try her tuna and it was actually pretty good. The chips that come to your table are okay, I'm not a fan of the sweet potato chips, the texture and taste just do not work for me. So when I go I ask if I can just get corn tortilla chips, and they are happy to do that too. The salsa is a red smokey salsa which is good, but you can ask for green salsa which is just as good.. maybe better

The best part of this place is the Happy hour. The drinks are cheap and tasty. The best is the Grand Canyon Margarita which a mixture of orange, cranberry and prickly pear juices, its strong and only 3 bucks. The regular margaritas are excellent, on mondays that have a 10 dollar pitcher deal, a friend and I were able to get three each out of the pitcher. Good thing she lives in walking distance to the place. 

Another good thing about the happy hour is the food. The bar has its own list of items in addition to the restaurants main menu. The best thing on that list is the chicken nachos, so good, best nachos I've had in a long time. Another is the cheese crisp with carnitas, very tasty.  Most of the items on this menu are around five dollars, and for five dollars you get a lot of food enough for two. 

I would highly recommend this place.
My two-star rating for Sam's Cafe is based on our experience there for happy hour in the bar. If we ever return for dinner, I will update, but for now, I'll just say this place is really unremarkable and disappointing and that there are *way* better places to go for happy hour. 

We went for happy hour on Friday around 5:45 pm and sat in the bar at one of the high tables. There were only 3-4 other people in the bar area, (and maybe 6-8 in the rest of the restaurant) but it still took the bartender about 5 minutes to come over and take our drink order. I got the Grand Canyon Margarita (featuring cranberry and citrus juices), and my husband got the Cactus Margarita (basically the house margarita). Both were $3. We wanted to order some bar food as well, but again, it took him about 10 minutes to return with our drinks and take our food order, even though the bar was still quite empty. After already being irritable with the slow service (having both worked in restaurants, we are very understanding of how stressful it is to handle a lot of tables or drink orders, but the restaurant was so empty that there was just no excuse), the slow service was not the only bad part of our first experience at Sam's Cafe. 

The next negative was that the margaritas were so sweet and weak, they might as well just have charged us $3 each for juice. Then, it took another 15-20 minutes for us to get our bar food (carnitas cheese crisp, jalapeno poppers, and southwestern bruschetta) and when it finally came, it was all cold! We noticed that no one else in the bar area had gotten food, but all of a sudden, the bartender emerged from the back with an enormous tray of food and served everyone who had been waiting for food at once. Having worked in many restaurants, I know that one of the main rules of good service is that someone should take food out as soon as it's ready so that it doesn't get cold, and that as a server, I was responsible for doing so even if the food wasn't for my table. Either the bartender should have been checking in the back more frequently for food that was ready or someone else (like the manager, who kept wandering around in a daze but never appeared to be doing much) should have done him a favor (if he was really that busy) and brought it out. 

The third negative was that most of the food was not good at all. I know not to expect too much from bar food, especially when it was seriously discounted for happy hour, but two of the things we ordered were just bad. The carnitas cheese crisp was not light and crispy with gooey cheese; instead, it was a heavy and greasy flour tortillas covered in congealed cheese and dry shredded pork. Not good. The jalapeno poppers and boneless chicken wings were also terrible - Jack in the Box has better poppers and the chicken wings were straight out of a Tyson resealable bag. The Southwestern Bruschetta was fine, although it was very oily, and I have a hard time understanding how merely adding a ton of cilantro to a tomato mix makes something "southwestern." None of the food items was more than $5, but I have been to *many* other happy hours where you can get solid, flavorful appetizers for between $2 - $5. Kincaid's and McCormick & Schmick's are two great examples. 

The final kicker of our bad happy hour experience was when we asked the bartender for a check and he tried to pressure us to order more even though we said several times that we were finished. I believe the exact line was, "Are you sure you don't want anything else? More drinks? More food? Some shots?" Maybe I'm crazy, but I don't think you should order more to *make* your experience somewhere better; rather, you should order more *because* you're having such a good time. As persuasive as his "selling techniques" were, we weren't (having a good time), so we didn't (order more).
Five stars for my fire-roasted veggie tacos.

Zero stars for the heat. My god, Arizona is Satan country.
Great place to sit outside & enjoy an afternoon with a friend, especially since the AZ weather is startin to cool slightly!  There were mostly business types and tourists dining around us.  We chatted over drinks while taking in the water fountains @ the AZ Center and soaking up comfortably warm sun rays.

While waiting for our food, we grazed on chips that resembled a mix of real tortilla chips and some potato puffs that reminded me of Munchos.  Except the things that looked & crunched like Munchos had a slightly sweet taste.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos.  My plate came with the double shelled tacos with a zesty sauce and a choice of toppings for you to spoon yourself--black beans, spicy coleslaw mix & Spanish rice.  AT the end of the meal, they brought out white chocolate that had been chilled & wrapped in a corn husk.  It was just enough to satisfy a dessert craving without making you feel like crap, if you'd decided to order dessert after a deliciously filling meal.

The only drawback is that the prices are a lil high--$10.95 for my Orange Beso margarita, which was poured @ the table.  (The server left the remainder in the shaker for me to imbibe).  And my taco plate was around $10 too.
I love this place for lunch or a casual happy hour when I am in town. The Chips are amazing. They are not your typical tortilla chips. Every basket has a sweet, spicy and regular flavor. The food will not WOW you but then again this is a laid back tex mex restuarant with good margarita's decent food but a really good atmosphere!
No real complaints about this place - last time I was here, I was fairly pleased overall.  Chips and salsa were a treat, possibly only because I was really hungry.  Pretty good margarita, as well.  I guess the reason this place doesn't get more stars is the food - while not bad, it doesn't stand out much.  I've never had any problems with the service here, though I've never been really impressed by it either.

Eat on the patio - it's not a great patio, but it has a decent view of the Arizona Center's plaza.
I really enjoyed this place. I had some great grilled tuna with rice and veggies. It was cooked perfectly and the seasonings didn't overwhelm the tuna. Everyone else at the table got more traditional mexican dishes...tacos, fajitas etc. and they really seemed to enjoy them! I also had an AMAZING margarita. It was a specialty one with citrus flavors, I don't even like tequila but it was delicious. The outdoor seating area is beautiful. We ate surrounded by trees covered in twinkle lights, so pretty.
After reading all the other reviews of this place I have determined one thing. You all were obviously on crack when you ate here. Or maybe they gave you crack when you ate here...either way my experience was not the same.

Went at about 4:00 on a Saturday, not a busy time for a restaurant so I wasn't scared away when we were the only ones in the entire place, next time, I'll make sure to think twice.

They started us off with chips and salsa, and I'm rather shocked that no one has mentioned their chips are a total fail. Salsa was decent, but the chips were an assortment of sweet potato chips, stale blue corn chips, sweet fried chips (sugar and everything), and stale normal tortilla chips. All in one bowl. If they weren't stale, the blue corn and normal chips would have paired nicely with the salsa. But rubbery sweet potato (don't get me wrong, I like sweet potato)  and sugar coated with salsa? Really?

We decided that we were going to order an appetizer and then a meal to split, and I love a good artichoke-anything so I ordered the artichoke dip. When it came out (like 20 minutes later) I had to ask them if they brought us the right dish. It was a bowl of queso and no matter how hard I searched, there was not an artichoke to be found. They didn't bring us any other chips to go with it, and let me tell you, sweet potato chips and queso don't go so great together. To make it worse, the menu said it was $6.99 but they charged us $7.79, if it was good I wouldn't have cared so much about $0.80 as I do.

I thought a good beef fajita dish with a cup of chicken tortilla soup would be a safe bet, but they couldn't even do that right. They brought out corn and flour tortillas with the fajitas. Word of advice, if they ask you which you prefer save yourself the trouble and get the flour. The corn ones were so wet that they literally tore to shreds when I tried to peel them off each other. There wasn't a whole lot of beef in the beef fajitas either, and what was there was lacking in good flavor. And for the soup, Half Moon Sports Grill makes a better tortilla soup than this place...and they're a sports grill. 

Overall, food was bad. Service was very slow considering we were the only ones there, and I would never, ever eat here again. Did I mention they didn't give us silverware? We had to go steal it off another table.
For me, this place is very satisfactory. It's not super great, but it gets the job done. Also, I liked the chips and salsa that they served starting off. It was a nice mix of torilla chips and sweet potato chips. The service overall was really friendly and prompt and I didn't have a whole lot of complaints on that end.

My one complaint? The portions served. I got a chimichanga that looks like a fried burrito from chipotle with a side salad. It was a pretty good chimichanga, but i didn't feel that great after eating the body weight of a newborn with a side salad to boot. As you can tell, I'm not big on leaving anything on my plate. 

Lastly, the cherry on the frosting for me was the white chocolate pecan dessert thing they give you at the end. It's their version of the chocolate mints that they give you with the bill. Come here to eat, don't come here for fine dining.
Yummy Margarita, interesting fried calamari, and fabulous blackened fish tacos!

We decided we wanted Mexican Thursday night and found out within a walking distance of the Convention center you have about 3 choices for dinner.
The one closest was indicated as herendous, so we immediately skipped it. One of the "ambassadors" suggested this place and said the carnitas were fabulous.

We arrived right about 6pm and had no trouble getting seated outside. Our waitress was really friendly and happy.
I started with a house margarita (rocks, salt of course) and it came in a shaker that help pretty much the equivalent of 2!!  Hence the limit to 2 to a person! 
Very tasty! I didn't think it was very strong till i got up and started to walk around!

The chips and salsa were interesting. There were 2 different type of chips - some puffy with a bit of sweetness, some regular. Definitely tasty. And the salsa was good!

We started with corn encrusted calamari - very interesting and yummy! I did the blackened fish tacos, hubby went with the steak and blue cheese quesadilla.
The fish was amazing! Make sure you get extra salsa! The quesadilla was weird - not something we would get again.
"Great Meeting Room in Back" - We recently held a meeting in the back room and it was perfect. You were connected to the main restaurant, yet a wall blocked the noise so you could hear our meeting conversation. A glass wall to the beautiful Arizona Center gardens kept you from feeling too closed in. The server did a good job of keeping everyone's drinks filled and timing our orders. She filled bowls of chips and salsa with a mix of blue and yellow corn and flour tortilla chips. The salsa was pretty good.We had the Salmon and a Sweet Potato Puree served with Spinach Salad. It was a wondeful tasty lunch. The chicken sandwich and an enchilada plate seemed popular as well. I think we will keep this our regular spot for our monthly meetings for the foreseeable future. So, ladies, if you see us there on the third Saturday's of the month, come join the fun of the Network of Business Women Phoenix.
Went here for dinner with a group of 11. The service was great, the food was okay. I had the blackened fish tacos and the flavor was good, but it was nothing more than fish in a tortilla, nothing special. My favorite thing about this restaurant was the basket of chips they put on your table. They had everything from regular tortilla, deep fried, sweet pototao and blue corn chips. The margaritas were great too. I'd go back again because they do have a great outdoor patio, but the food is nothing memorable.
Pleasant spot for a margarita-filled lunch or dinner. 3.5 stars

Highlights:
- Margaritas: I loved the fruity grand canyon one (lime, prickly pear, etc.) and the hub got an adult version of a milkshake canister with his 2-limit margarita (got 4 glasses out of that thing!)
- Outside/inside seating: outside was nice on a patio especially at night overlooking some blue lit up trees and misters for the heat, but inside was a nice A/C haven for the height of the sunny day.
- Chips: combo of sweet wontony, yellow corn, orange spiced, and blue corn as well as sweet potato chips. It's rare to find such variety.
- Salsa: great roasted flavor
- Pork: carnitas was a large portion of meat--quite juicy and tasty
- Menu: pure mex and southwestern mex as well as pastas and salads
- Dessert: creative presentation with white chocolate pecans enveloped in a tamale wrapper. Complementary item which was a nice touch.
- Staff: super duper friendly which I appreciated

Lowlights:
- Crabcake: too dense cornmealy for me--couldn't taste much flavor or crab
- Fish: didn't taste too fresh and advertised that veggies would be in the mix, but only limited slivers to were found.

Decent spot. I'd come again for chips and margaritas.
This place used to be great, with unique dishes, yummy breadsticks with special butters and complimentary white chocolate for dessert. Now it's just average, with nice outdoor seating.
The Hubbs and I wound up here on a Sunday night looking to use up a Restaurant.com certificate I purchased for close to nothing several months earlier. The weather was beautiful, so we chose a table on the packed patio. I'm just gonna break down it from here.

Service: great. Never had a problem with drinks, wait wasn't too long, etc. 

Food: Meh, I've had a lot better. The hubby ordered the Grilled Vegetable Pasta. He seemed to like it, but I hated it. Think angelhair tossed with lots of great grilled veggies - then throw in some black beans and an asian soy sauce of some sort. YUCK. The combination of the textures and flavors were all wrong. I ordered the Chil-Rubbed Sirloin and ordered it medium. The temperature was perfect, which was a nice surprise. However, the "chile-rub" tasted like straight up chili powder. Nothing more, nothing less. The mashed potatoes had diced CARROTS in them, and I'm sorry, no matter how great of an idea that may seem, carrots are NOT a good idea in mashed potatoes. They tasted alright, but again, the texture and just the overall flavor was all wrong. The hubby also ordered a margarita, which was good, but we've definitely had better.

All in all I was a little disappointed. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but then again, I'm not too sure what would be considered great on a menu that reads Sams-Mex, Mex-Mex and Pasta as options.

Probably won't return.
This is a great place for happy hour.   I do believe these were the best chips and salsa I have ever had.  They have a bit of a kick.  Be careful though, they are definitely hard to stop eating and you will spoil your appetitie.  The fried shrimp tacos were fabulous.  I would have definitely ventured back if it wasn't for the lady bartender's bad attitude and poor customer service.  The manager  Angel was nice enough to give my co-workers and I gift cards for our next purchase there.  Not sure I would go back though.
Gotta respond to Dee M. and her critique of the lady bartender at Sam's Cafe.  I've been served by Amanda about 100 times over the last few years, and never once has she shown me poor customer service or a bad attitude.  She's about the best bartended in Phoenix, so go check her out some time!

As for the restaurant itself, the food is pretty tasty.  Pancho's enchilada's are my staple, but you can't really go wrong with anything there.  Happy Hour is also great - several good food and drink specials.  My favorite drinking place at the AZ Center by far!
Good food, and excellent service. I recommend asking to be waited on by Johnny.
If you're gonna eat tex-mex in the downtown phoenix area, this is your best bet. 

I typically go here every time I come to Phoenix, and it's pretty great. the outdoor seating with the Grotto view is really really gorgeous. 

The chips and salsa are FANTASTIC!!!! You get an assortment of chips and they are the best I've ever had. 

The blackened fish tacos set my mouth on FIRE. I had no idea they would be COVERED in chili powder. too extreme for me. 

Typically you get, white chocolate wrapped in a tamale leaf to cleanse your pallet after you are finish with your meal, which is one of my favorite parts of dinner ... but our waitress forgot :( ... definitely ask! 

I would say this is your typical "mexican/southwest" restaurant, where the entire menu is basically variations of taco salad, 10 different variations of quesadillas, and tacos of some sort, and 3 pages of different margaritas and drinks with "loco" in the name. 

Not too bad, not great either. I personally prefer the Greek place next door :)
this place is decent. the service was great. there is a nice outside patio surrounded by trees lit up with pretty blue lights. the food was good; i had the shrimp quesadilla. my fave was the rico rita drink. they have a 2 drink max policy on this drink b/c it's supposed to get you soooooo wasted and um well i assure you i am not an alki but this drink did nothing of the sort. but it was very tasty! i will try to make this at home :P 

i would recommend if you're in the az shopping centre but i wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
8 Food
8 *Drinks*
9 Service
9 Atmosphere
7 Value

Ritas were good, but could have been stronger for what I was expecting (limit 2).  The Black & Bleu Quesadilla was GREAT.  The pre-meal salsa had excellent flavors, but had some large inedible tomato chunks that made navigating the ramekan a bit of a challenge.
Pretty good food. Pop in here for a quick lunch or a quick dinner. I wouldn't plan on coming here for a nice dinner while on vacation, but after a long day of sightseeing, if you want to just sit down and get some Mexican and a few coronas without having to go back to the hotel and shower and get dressed up, this place will do.
Had a nice dinner outside on the patio - it was really pretty. The margaritas were pretty good. The salsa and chips were also pretty tasty - it was nice to have some variety- these were no simple white corn chips; there were blue corn and even sweet potato chips mixed in. My fish tacos were awesome, I love spice and they certainly delivered. I would try it again and hopefully find another item on the menu that was just as good.
I was surprised that it took me a year a half to realize that this place was so close to me. Wish I had known a long time ago. 

I came here for lunch with a couple of buddies and from the very beginning I was impressed. We got seated right away and our chips and salsa came within seconds of sitting down! And let me just say, this is the BEST ASSORTMENT of chips I've ever had at a restaurant. There were typical white/yellow corn chips, along with blue chips and sweet potato chips and other stuff. Very tasty. The salsa tasted a little "pre-made" to me but it was still decent. 

I ordered the carnitas and enchiladas platter. It was pretty good. The carnitas had good flavor (but there was only one tortilla) and the enchiladas had a good creamy sauce on top. I also liked the fact that they offered us a carafe of water so they didn't have to keep coming around to refill it for us. I know for some that seems a little lazy and cheesy, but I think it's AWESOME!

The best part was the little mini White-Chocolate/Pecan tamale at the end. It was REALLLLLLY good and wanted about 10 more. Bill was pretty cheap and I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely going back.
One menu lunch or dinner, nice views of the fountains especially at night, and a decent south western ambiance. Your standard is a bowl of chips and salsa. Not just any chips,  a Melody Sweet potato, flour with a sweet chiptole dusting and corn chips. 

The menu consists of many tex-mex foods.  I sually stick to the seared Ahi tuna sandwich served with fries. The Tuna is of high grade with a spicy seasoning. The bun is standard as are the fries. all for about $10

My friend usually opts for the "black and blue quesadilla" a steak and blue cheese quesadilla that is busting with flavor. This dish can sometimes lack consistency and the cheese is not well distributed in the tortilla. 

Even if one skips the desert you are treated to a small white chocolate desert wrapped in a corn husk, it will make your hands sticky but it is worth it.
I am a fan....of their happy hour! I had heard good things about Sam's and this was my first visit. I arrived just after 6 and sat at the bar. I ordered their Grand Canyon Margarita from their happy hour menu...mmmm sooo good! The mixed chips (sweet potato chips, seasoned corn and flour tortilla chips) were unique. I can't say I was a huge fan of the sweet and spicy seasoning on the chips, but the salsa was good. I ordered my dinner from the happy hour menu too, the carnitas cheese crisp. This was a huge flour tortilla covered with cheese, shredded roasted pork and pico de gallo, served with a bbq sauce on the side. I passed on using the bbq sauce, I felt there was plenty of flavor without it and only occasionally found myself using the salsa provided with the chips to add another layer of pep. I enjoyed the atmosphere and as a frequent solo diner I was comfortable eating here.  [free chips and salsa, 2 margaritas and the carnitas cheese crisp, under $20 including tip.]
My first and only visit so far to Sam's Cafe was quite nice. The house margarita is a bit pricey, but they offer some good happy deals so be sure to get in on those. I had the Black and Blue quesadilla and it was delicious. Our server was bit quirky but friendly and attentive. The atmosphere on the patio is wonderful. With the fountains nearby and plenty of opportunity for people watching, you can easily relax and enjoy your visit.
I won't say Sam's blew my mind, but I would definitely visit again. Especially for hour happy.
Our server was a little slow BUT, she was really nice and very helpful.  Our meal was excellent starting with their chip bowl that had a variety of chips in it and good salsa.  The meal was also really good.  I got the seafood flautas.  I would've finished it had I not filled myself up on the chip bowl.  They also bring out complimentary white chocolate tamales that tasted really good!  If they do that for all their customers, I can see why everyone comes back.
I really like the patio at this Sam's. You get a nice view of the Arizona Center, pretty lights and water sculptures. It is great for people watching, and killing some time while waiting for a movie to start. That is really the only time I go to Sam's - PreMovie. 

Get the chips and salsa, they serve a mix of sweet potato and regular tortilla chips. The salsa is gringalicious (not spicy at all,  but still pretty tasty).

We started with the sampler (probably a mistake for only 2 people as it was huge) it had mushroom quesadilla, spring rolls, turkey sliders and a salad. It was pretty good, but would have been better for a group of 6.

I ordered the steak and cake for my main. It was a chile-rubbed sirloin accompanied by a big fat delicious crab cake. It was served with sweet mashed potatoes and veggies. The sweet mashed potatoes were almost as good as those at Sierra Bonita... Almost. 

This was a great meal and reminded me not to forget about Sam's when I have to return to the Arizona Center.
Wow! So I work at a prison and I've had inmate meals occasionally, so there is a certain standard of food and taste that I have developed. It's really not that hard to please me with food, especially after having prison food but Sam's cafe really questioned whether or not I was an inmate that night. 

I ordered one of their specials, which was the pork enchiladas. When I got the tray, I initially thought they had mistaken the dish for a three rolled tacos, with mole-like sauce? First I had to decipher if it was fried, which was later confirmed. Then the sauce on top was definitely something that you cannot label. It had a sweet, mole, yet bitter taste, with sour cream that was light and fluffy and made it look like whip cream. I know . . . strange you say? The pork was dried out and even the two of us could not finish this one meal that was split. The beans tasted hallow, if that's even possible and the rice was extra dry. 

I am sorry to give this such a harsh review, but it's the truth and sometimes the truth hurts. I have to say they do have great margaritas and the best part was the complimentary white chocolate, pecan thing they gave at the end. Sorry Sam's but this will be my first and last time.
Lots of awesome packed in a cute little restaurant. Visited here on numerous occasions and never had to wait for a table. Service is excellent; friendly, and witty waitresses are a breath of fresh air. As is the patio, which is a perfect venue to enjoy a meal next to the fountains. The view of the gardens at lunch time is also a nice tidbit. 

Loved the chips too. Chimichanga is A-okay!
Yep still a fan. Mostly of the Grand Canyon Margaritas, they soothe away the pains of the day.  They have what I have now seen to be a rotating list of Happy Hour food options which are usually not bad and range from $2-$6. I usually fill up on chips and salsa. I have not changed my mind on the seasoning they use on the chips (sweet...spicy...meeh) I find myself picking through the basket to avoid the highly seasoned chips. The salsa is good but the large tomato chunks make it tough to get on a chip, or when you do it is hard to get from that point to your mouth without it falling off (usually on my chest or lap). I have yet to order from the regular/full menu. Maybe one day!
In town for a conference.  Wandered over to this mall full of chain restaurants and found Sam's to be a gem.

Food was fresh, large quantities. Great flavors.  I had a vegetable taco.  Not the same old bell peppers, mushrooms, and onions.  This had asparagus, spinach, zuch.  

Waitress provided great service.  Gave us free guacamole. Outdoor seating is lovely, though lots of skanky pigeons and flies.
So my boyfriend has been to Canyon Cafe in St. Louis which is owned by the people who own Sam's Cafe and we had been meaning to go for a while so he knew what to expect but I didn't.  The meal started out with the chips and salsa which were pretty amazing.  The salsa had more bite to it than normal salsa you'd get at Macayo's or Arriba's.  The chips were a wide variety that included everything from sweet potato to blue corn to a white corn with a sugar coating.  I got the carnitas platter and my boyfriend got the enchiladas and carnitas dish.  The carnitas were mouthwatering.  The combination of the meat with the guacamole and rice made the tacos to die for.  The cheese used in the enchiladas was rich and mouthwatering.  Different than just the typical cheddar cheese.  For dessert, I had the banana burrito which was okay.  I much prefer the banana tempura at Benihana.

Besides the fact that the food was so good, I give Sam's Cafe 4 stars because I lost a piece of jewelry while dining and the staff helped me find it :)

Definitely would return here.
Well for starters, I will say I had given up on going out for dinner so I ate a couple slices of warmed over pizza. We finally went and as I was less than hungry skipped the steak I had been eying. We split a Meatloaf and switched the mashed potatoes out for the mashed sweet potatoes. The two split plates were more than enough food for a regular meal. I can't imagine eating a whole one and I am a hearty eater. We also each ordered a Rico Rita. Yummy and again large portions. The service was good too. I used to go to the Camelback location and the quality and service is the same here. We will be back.
Had a group business dinner here while in PHX.  If you are out of town the location can be a tricky as it is inside a shopping plaza.  Most of the group was about 10 mins late (I know I know...sad when most of us have GPS capable mobile phones).  We found it due to the friendly local police and Downtown Phoenix greeters (?).  

The restaurant did not have a private room (we had a group of 15) but we were there really early.  The chip basket is AMAZING!  It has a bunch of different chips from tortilla, to different types of potates and even these fried pieces of goodness (that reminded me of wontons).  The salsa was really good too.  The waitstaff was great....they provided lots of these chip baskets during our 3 hour meeting.  When the meeting concluded...it was straight to the top shelf margaritas which we've been dying for since we sat down.  It's a great deal for top shelf tequila and the quantity.  You get about 2-4 drinks as they even give you some reserve in the cocktail shaker.  

Food was good.  I had the sirloin which was cooked perfect at medium.  My friend sitting next to me ordered the same thing at medium rare but got it well done.  She sent it back and after a few minutes got a new one closer to the rare side but she was happy.

If I lived in the area and was able to visit again I could consider becoming a fan of this place.  Definitely check it out.  Another plus - they have a patio too!
I was at Sam's for a work dinner with a group of six.  I couldn't believe that I had never been here before and I was excited to try a new place, so I could Yelp about it, of course!

My co-workers and I walked up on the wrong side of the cafe and came through the patio area.  Normally, I don't think this would have been a problem, however this night they had the majority of the patio roped off for a private function and we looked like we were trying to crash it.  Oops.  No harm done, they still let us into the restaurant.

While waiting for everyone in the group to arrive, the two girls at the hostess stand were watching us with little to no expression on their face.  I felt a little uncomfortable, they were not friendly and welcoming by any means, but they eventually sat us none the less and our service was great from there out.  We decided to sit inside as it was a little warm outside.

The server was nice and even joked around with us a bit.  I ordered the Orange Beso margarita.  It was good, since it was made with vodka instead of tequila, it wasn't quite a margarita for me, but hey, it tasted good.  Since they drop off the shaker so you can refill your own, it was the margarita that seemed to never end.  That made me happy!

Plenty of other people have mentioned the cool assortment of chips and the great salsa so I won't get into details.  I just leave it that I loved both!

For my meal I ordered the Black & Blue quesadilla.  It sure was yummy!  The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly and as I've mentioned in many other reviews, the right amount of blue cheese is always a winner in my book.  This quesadilla was right on the money, not overpowering with the blue cheese.  I ended up taking half of it home.

As plenty of other reviewers have mentioned, the white chocolate tamale was great finish for the meal.  I'm not so big on desserts, but I usually crave a bite or two of sweet to finish lunch or dinner and this did the trick!

I can't wait to go back on the weekend to relax on the patio, drink some margaritas, and try more food.  I think next time I'd like to try some tacos . . .
I returned here fr a birthday lunch with a co-worker.

I was a bit sad to see the Tuna sandwiches was removed from the menu leaving me with the $13 tuna plate option. It comes with two decently sized Cajun pieces of tuna, on a bed of rice and veggies. I asked for rare and it came medium well however.

There is a new small bites menu for budget conscious lunch crowd.

The validation is no longer of much use, it is just $1 off now.

As allays the chips are great.
I come to Phoenix for work a lot and this is always a place my co-workers and I come to when we're in town.  There's really nice outdoor seating with some misters to cool you down on a hot summer day. 

They always provide you with chips and salsa which are AH-MAY-ZING.  It's not your typical tortilla chips and salsa there's something extra special about these chips.  

It's your standard tex-mex cuisine.  I really like their shrimp taco's.  The carnitas platter was pretty good but the pork was a bit too salty for me.  Their fajitas are always good.  The salmon is also pretty good.  Those are the typical dishes I get when I go.  

When you end the meal they always give you white chocolate tamales to clean/cool your palate.  Always delish. ...

The place hasn't really disappointed me except for this past week when we purchased two pitchers of the Grand Canyon margaritas and there was more juice than there was tequila.  :-\  but other than that it's pretty good.
Stopped at Sam's for a work lunch. Great location. It's good to have places like this downtown. 

Everyone in our group enjoyed the food. From the variety of pre-meal chips, the entrees, and the post meal white chocolate tamales. 

I had the shrimp tacos an they were great. Fresh, rich with flavor, and very filling.

I'd like to stop in after work some time for some margaritas.
Everything about this place is wonderful!! I love the huge windows and outdoor patio! Gorgeous! Their food is amazing everything from the chips (there are about 5 different chips in the basket) and salsa to dessert! They have some of the best margaritas in town! Yum! My favorite thing on the menu is the goat cheese stuffed chicken with roaster red pepper sauce! This is to die for!!
The outdoor area was great to sit in during a warm summer evening.  The service was attentive, even though we were the only ones sitting outside.  The complimenatry chips are terrific -- they are a mix of a bunch of different types, not just stale tortilla chips that you may get elsewhere.  The entrees were solid (not earth-shattering), but in light of the other positive aspects, the four stars are well deserved.
Their margaritas are DELICIOUS!  Happy hour = $3 margaritas, and $4 and $5 "eats" that will fill you up.  They also have great free chips and salsa, and I love the location.

The bar is not crowded for happy hour, and the people who are there are fresh out of work, so it is nice to be in a "professional" crowd.

Love it and will continue to frequent it.  If you want to hit happy hour and a movie, this is a great place!
Accommodating to gluten free needs. Fish tacos, chips, & salsa were great. Service excellent.  Also liked the complimentary chocolate tamale dessert.
I enjoy this Sam's location particularly for the gorgeous patio. I love sitting outside enjoying the water and light features and seeing all the people strolling by. It's a great first date spot because it is distracting enough to inspire conversation. 

Last time I was there I had a table of five grey hairs on my right, and a table of  ten 20 something's on my left. Diverse crowds are always nice. It's a chain, and a decent one and I've been told they make a mad margarita. The white chocolate tamale adds a sprinkle of joy at the end of every meal. I can't wait for the cooler weather...
I've been here a few times now and I have one word for you, 2 Limit Margaritas!!! Okay, thats more than one word but you get the idea (: 

The free chips and salsa are really tasty and come in a variety of sweet potato, tortilla and seasoned crispy fluffy ones... mmm. 

The reason I gave 4 stars is because of the food. It's good but I felt it was missing something both times I ate there. 
I had the BBq burger and Portabello quesadilla which were a little bland and ordinary. 

If your lookin' for a good, strong margarita though, this is the place!
Went on a random trip to downtown Phoenix and decided to eat lunch at this place.  Be careful of the chips & salsa appetizer- they're bound to get you hooked before the actual meal comes out! I got the salmon flautas which had a fruit salsa topping.  It was greasy and not too flavorful, but the salsa balanced out the greasiness.  My friend had the bbq burger and the black fish tacos, and they enjoyed their dishes as well.  It's not outstanding, but a nice place to eat at with a nice view.  They also gave a peppermint white chocolate tamale dessert for free at the end of my meal! Only thing I didn't like were the birds outside sitting on the tables and pecking at crumbs on the floor!
Ate here with a group of work associates while staying across the street for a conference. Service was very good - our waiter handled the large group with ease, which doesn't always happen.

The chips and salsa are unlike any I've had anywhere else and they were totally addictive! My end of the table demolished our bowl in minutes and then grabbed the one from the other end. 

The entrees left a bit to be desired, however. Lots of seafood - which just doesn't seem right in the desert. I would have liked more traditionally tex-mex dishes to choose from as I eventually settled on the enchilada and carnitas platter, which was OK. 

All things considered, it was a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back next time business brings me to Phoenix.
I started out extremely hopeful because the basket of chips placed on the table were so good that I probably would have been satisfied not ordering an actual entree. As it turned our, I should have listened to my stomach. The basket of chips included blue corn, yellow corn, sweet potato and surprisingly the best of the bunch, fried won ton skins with Navajo spices. The salsa was pretty good though when my friend asked for something spicier, all they did was dump some cayenne pepper into the same salsa and serve it in a different shaped bowl.

We started with the cheap happy hour margarita, which was better than expected to their special Commemorativo margarita, which was served to us in the shaker. For the price, it was a lot of margarita with a lot of tequila and it was tasty. Can't beat that...except maybe with a couple of rounds of Patron.

 I knew I was in trouble, though, when I asked the waiter to recommend a vegetarian dish and he suggested the veggie pasta with black beans and ginger soy sauce. Not sure why I listened to him when every part of my being told me not to order pasta at a Mexican restaurant. But I did. My pasta came with three toothpick thin pieces of asparagus, one mushroom, two pieces of zucchini and a little pile of spinach. There were a few black beans hiding in the noodles which were slightly tinted brown, supposedly the Ginger soy sauce. It was the worst meal I have had in a very longtime and a total disappointment to say the least. I tried a piece of my friend's tuna and it was overbooked, try and bland.

All in all, this place got one star for their margaritas and one star for their chips. I may go back for drinks but will think twice, and probably even three times before I eat there again.
Sam's cafe was a nice place to go for lunch or Dinner and enjoy some Tex~Mex if your in the downtown area. They are conveniently located on 3rd not far from the convention center.  The Tex~Mex Decor was sorta fun with a small bar area near the front and a huge patio along the park side of the restaurant.   

The service was a bit slow but they were very busy for lunch.  I think everyone at our table had salads, all were A~OK.  Their Cobb salad was rated the best at our table.  The Blacken steak taco salads were lacking steak and and other veggies would have been nice too in addition to just lettuce, cheese and diced pieces of steak.  The Cobb was full of everything your would expect with a good Cobb salad and was very tasty.  The Chicken taco salad was better than the steak.

The chips and salsa at first appeared to be very impressive as many other Yelpers have mentioned however your either a fan or not a fan.  I'm not a fan unfortunately...  The chips were too greasy with way too much of their seasoning!  I especially did not like their salsa.  It had no heat and HUGE chunks of tomato's! YYYEEAA~UCK.  Way too much work to get to the little bits of salsa that were actually kind of good.  I asked for a different salsa, my server just brought us some hot sauce to add to the salsa. Some of folks at our table did like their chips and salsa though. The Grand Canyon Margaritas were very good and a recommend from me to you.  

Suggestion: seek out the "Info-dude" that walks around the Mall area to show people where to go and ask him for some coupons. We were able to get 20% off our meal coupons from him.  Based on their margaritas and a few other Yelp reviews I'm looking forward to my next visit but will order something different.
Our new favorite place to dine! We have a difficult  time deciding what to order on the large and tempting Southwestern menu. The appetizers are also fabulous...the fried calamari is the best, served with a creamy spicy dipping sauce... large portion....enough for two as a meal. The prices are reasonable and the staff have become our friends. The surrounding outdoor area is beautiful, with fountains and twinkly lit trees. The cafe is located in the Arizona Center so a nice place to walk and shop after dinner.
Ask any ASK ME AMBASSADOR (those guys in orange are great and know what's best in Phoenix) and they will direct you to Sam's.
We have been frequenting here more often lately since it is by our favorite theater. 

Our bartender now recognizes us, knows our order, and is sweet as pie.

Seriously one of my favorite happy hour spots of all time.
This is a decent place. I came here some time ago because I had a Restaurant.com certificate, and the BF and I needed to use it up. 

The best part were the margaritas- tasty and lethal. I can't remember what I got, only that it had coconut in it. It shouldn't have worked, but it did! 

The food itself was... so-so. It was edible, nothing to write home about. The service was good, and the ambience lovely. We went in the fall and sat on the patio.

I wouldn't come out of my way to dine here, but if you were in the neighborhood during happy hour, it's definitely worth stopping in.
Great food.  We went with a large party and got great service.  Margaritas were very strong, so beware of how much you consume!  Fortunately, I wasn't driving and the metro is a short walk.  I could have made a meal of the chips and dip.  They had some sort of special seasoning that I couldn't quite place, but I loved them and ate way too many.  We sat outdoors and the weather was great.
...NOW WE'RE TALKIN'! Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.
EAT the chips and salsa!!!  You will not be disappointed!  

Chicken enchiladas are A-MA-ZING!  

Great patio!
Enjoyed a great lunch on the patio overlooking a gorgeous scenery. Chicken enchiladas are a must! Yum!
Went here with a big group for dinner and drinks.  Had what they call the "best margarita"--you should get that; they are very good & HUGE!  The chips are great (especially the ones that come with sweet potato chips mixed in).  The guac was okay.  And the blackened fish tacos, while huge, were okay.  I'd say that I agree with most other reviews about the food; not bad, but nothing amazing.
The chips in this place are ridiculously good!  I literally ate an entire basket myself.  We stopped here for drinks and an appetizer and were thoroughly impressed.  The Guac itself was decent, the presentation of it was really good.  I was a big fan of this place and would go back in a hurry.  One thing to be aware of is the fact that the advertisements for drink specials on the sidewalk are a little misleading, as they are only valid in the really small bar area.  Next time, I will be sure to grab my drink first in the bar area for the discounted price before I sit down.  Enjoy!
I hosted a group lunch for 35 people on the patio at Sam's a week or so ago.  They were so prepared and had our buffet ready to go when our group arrived.  The chips and salsa are amazing...a meal all into themselves.  The chicken enchiladas were so tasty.  The patio is the place to sit at Sam's to overlook the beautiful gardens at the Arizona Center - such a great view!
Good place. Not the most exciting food, but solid quality. The table-side fresh guacamole was a knockout!
superbe terrasse au bord du jardin des fontaines.;trs romantique..;bonne cuisine un peu spicy
Very nice lunch food. Carnitas are awesome and the white chocolate tamales are a nice finish.
Sam's Cafe at Arizona Center is a relaxed restaurant good for dinner or a weekend lunch. I've been underwhelmed by an entree or two (note: don't bother with the steak), but in general, the food is good. The margaritas are large and potent. They have a small but good selection of beers on tap. The chips and salsa are good. I enjoy their quesadillas and burgers. The patio is a great place to have a lazy Saturday afternoon drink with friends.

While I like Sam's Cafe well enough, I know some people who absolutely love it, so I can confidently say it is worth a visit.
This is a good stop for travelers to grab cheap food and enjoy some drinks.  

They start off with a nice helping of chips and salsa.  The chips were an assortment of corn, fried dough like, and whole grain chips.  The salsa was nice and spicy, a great start.  We also ordered guacamole which was creamy and oniony.   

We came at the time the servers switched off and areas, so we had 3 different servers, but after we had our final server, he was courteous and took care of us.

I had the desert fire pasta which was a big helping of spicy, cheesy penne pasta with shrimp.  It was really salty but still thought it was still good overall.

My co-worker had the fish tacos which was a nice large platter with black beans.  The sangria was delicious and you could have a choice of white or red.
I have always enjoyed eating at this spot it is really cool to walk around after dinner or before... I have eaten at this spot twice both times really great and friendly service. The first trip I went with the (Black And Bleu Quesadilla) Blackened steak sliced and served in a crisp flour tortilla with red onion marmalade and Monterey Jack & Bleu cheese. Served with tomatillo-avocado salsa, chipotle mayonnaise, pico de gallo, cotija cheese and Margarita slaw. Upon my second trip I went with the (Blackened Fish Tacos)  In crisp taco shells with Margarita slaw, pico de gallo and fresh limes on the side. Served with southwest rice and black beans... I rate the food as followed.

Black And Bleu Quesadilla - A+
Blackened Fish Tacos - C 
Chips - A+
Salsa - A

I will be back to this spot for sure an all around great place for a good meal... Plus the white chocolate tamale after dinner treat will keep you coming back for sure.
I've only been here for happy hour and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Margaritas for $3 and food items for $3, $4, or $5. I had two margaritas and a chicken quesadilla and spent only $10. Can't really complain about that. The bartenders are cute and friendly and they have MLB Network. What more does a girl need?
Food was OK.  I had the enchiladas and they were good. The rice was also great. the chips and salsa were horrible in m opinion. The salsa was slightly sweet and the chips were a mixture of different types of chips. While this was unique.. it wasn't good. On the flip side my food came out in about 5 minutes. My server was good also.
We had a long layover so we decided to take a taxi downtown. I'm not sure but I think the taxi driver took the long way there, 20 bucks from the airport seemed a bit much considering how close it was. 
But as for Sam's cafe, we really enjoyed it. The chips and salsa was a good start, I like how the basket was an assortment of chips. They prepared the guacamole fresh in front of you too which was pretty cool. We both enjoyed the food. I had this skillet lasagna dish and my girl had a carnitas and something combo plate. The carnitas were a little dry for my liking though. They were a few items on the menu that looked really good too so if I'm ever in the area again I'll hopefully try them. 
Oh, we took light rail back to the airport for $1.75 each and took us less time to get there. Just in case you're traveling like us.
Visited Sam's Cafe on the Urban Wine Walk. I recommend the white sangria!
Not as good as I had hoped.  Strange menu:  pasta, but no burritos.  Had the chicken quesadilla, and didn't care much for it.  Although, the free dessert deal using Yelp was nice.
I was semi-hungry and was wandering around downtown Phoenix and found this Southwestern themed restaurant here in the mall. I figured since I'm here for a few days, that it would be nice to try something that is "Southwestern".

Came here for lunch and it was relatively empty and I sat at the bar. Nice clean area, with a couple of tv's for the sports fanatics. The servers were pretty friendly too. Although some of the servers were super bored since there were not a lot of customers.

Again, I wanted something Southwestern so I went with their Desert Fire Pasta. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?select=AykZwJA1xSgxLOBaWbWHOg It's basically shrimp and fresh mushrooms over angel-hair pasta in a jalapeo cream sauce. Topped with Parmesan cheese and pico de gallo. This pasta was pretty much soaked with butter. Is that a typical Southwestern thing? Because if so, I would feel light headed all the time if I lived here.

And for dessert, I got their fried banana burrito with ice cream http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Wc5DPXGudcNi2XK7QfQtA?select=PpE4HMvbpTU7mJdb19VlZA. Nice presentation actually. It's a great theme for a Southwestern style dessert.

Tip: Use your yelp check in to get a free dessert.

Overall, a decent experience, though just a bit fattening to me with all that cream and butter. 

Went to downtown a couple of times, and this place was desolate. I mean everywhere else as well. Not sure why, but it can be a good thing but you must also wonder why...oh well.
Best $8 lunch, the chips and salsa was a great start, a mix of chips with a thick, flavorful salsa. The the two large chicken enchiladas with salad on the side was plenty. Service and outside dining was great.
Descent. Good place to sit on the patio.
2nd stop on the dine around. 

Our group gave them a 3.25, which I'm rounding down to a 3. 

We were seated quickly and ordered a round of the grand canyon margaritas. We were brought chips and salsa, which unfortunately was the best tasting thing we ate at the restaurant. I had the carnitas taco, which was sadly underwhelming. The pork wasn't too flavorful. Jon had the corn crusted calamari. I don't have a calamari palate so I can't rank it against anything, but he said it was just average. The drinks however were BOMB (margarita with cranberry, lime, and prickly pear juice), both frozen and iced. Our server was super sweet and chatted it up with us which was nice. I don't know if I'd make the trip back for dinner, but if I was in the area I'd definitely come back for a margarita and some appetizers.
Yummmmy. For such a humble name, this place really exceeds expectations.  

Nice ambiance, and good food.  They really impressed me right off the bat with their chips and salsa.  The chips were assortment that were quite good and far from the ordinary corn tortillas you'd expect at any old Mex/Tex-Mex restaurant.   I had  the tortilla soup and the spinach & mushroom quesadilla which were quite good too.  But, I must say, the best part was the white chocolate tamales that they serve at the end of the meal... a most pleasant surprise and a wonderful end to a nice meal :)
Best TexMex in the valley! The chips and salsa are home made and probably the best I have ever eaten. I had shrimp tacos which were delicious, staff was very friendly and down to earth.....if you ate downtown give them a try.
Everything about this place is perfect! The chips & salsa and enchilada's were delicious! I would recommend this place to all my friends!
This is actually one of favorite restaurants ever, been coming since 1999 and they've only gotten better over the years, Guys: great first-date place!!
Really great chips and salsa!!! Also, one of the best Margaritas in town! The food is good, patio has a great atmosphere. reasonable prices for what it is.
The food was bland, the cheese dip reminded me of cheese wiz and after seated I waited over 15 minutes just to give my drink order.  The only good thing was the chips...not going back.
Average, the cheese dip was good. I got the Black and Blue quesdillas, which were great! But the side of slaw was not great, I wish it would have come with beans and rice. Overall it is not a bad place, but not the place to go out of your way for.
It's a day like any other, or so you think. 
During your daily exercise session, a short walk to the mailbox, everything is about to change.
You're a goner now.
It's a letter from the class reunion committee with your wife's hyphenated maiden name on it, and this can only mean one thing.
Saying goodbye to carbs for the next 3 months as she starts serving up swill with hefty amounts of god forsaken vegetables and no carbs. 
Yes, she'll try any diet to lose weight, and on her way down, into this veggie-eating, omni-farting hell, take you with her in the process. 

It's ok, don't panic.
You're a yuppie remember? You live downtown in one of those overpriced lofts, within walking distance from the Arizona Center. 

Here's my recommendation.

Walk to Sam's. It's a few more steps than the mailbox, but at least you won't find any unwanted surprises. 
Carb loading? You bet. 
Order the Desert Fire Pasta, Pancho's Carnitas, or the Chicken Quesadilla. 
All noteworthy, especially if you're trying to negate the affects of your wife's cabbage-reunion soup. 
Sam's delights. Try it.
Excellent food and good service!

Went for lunch with a coworker, who had never been here before. Both of us enjoyed the salsa and very unique tortilla chips. Wish I had ordered the made-at-the-table guacamole. Prices were very reasonable (especially for downtown Phoenix).

Both of us ate more than we should have. The servings were huge and dee-licious! Way too full to even think of ordering dessert. More reason to return!
Went here per a friends margarita suggestion. I had the Rico Rita which was a pia colada-ish flavored margarita. Very tasty while a little on the light side. For $10 you got about 2 glasses worth as they bring out the shaker, which was nice. I didn't order an entree but I did attack the chips which were awesommmme! The basket was a mix of a few different types, including sweet potato, with a southwestern spice sprinkled on. Yum yum yum! I would go back for the chips and a heavier handed margarita!
I went to this place two times while I was visiting Phoenix. The first time we had a very large party and the service was great! We were seated quickly and served drinks and our food in a timely manner. Prior to ordering I checked out other Yelp reviews just as you are now and the things that stood out to me we're the chips and salsa and the margaritas. Well, everyone said it and I'm gonna say it too! You must try the chips and salsa (my favorite chip is the wonton chip, a little sweet heat! Yum!) and of course to go with it get the top shelf conmemorativo margarita...so, so, so good! I also got the spinach and portobello mushroom quesadilla and it was good. 

It was so Delish that I brought a different large group of friends back to this place. Unfortunately, the restaurant was much busier and I'm not sure they handled the large crowds very well. We were told 1 hour wait, but after 20 minutes our buzzer went off. When we gathered our group to be seated the hostess told us it was a mistake and asked us to wait off to the side in the dining area. This wait was another hour before we approached the hostess. She was very rude and told us it would be 'awhile' but wouldn't give us a time frame. When we asked if it would be 10? 30? 1 and a half hours? She said it would be at least that! Unacceptable when we were told an hour wait. I asked to speak to a manager and Tony was extremely responsive! He worked it so that we were seated right away! The server  was fantastic as she stepped in to take our large party and we were seated outside her section. The chips and salsa came out quickly and she was great with getting us drinks (of course I had another round of the margarita) and the food was great. This time around I had the salmon. So delish! And the desserts were covered by the server as an apology for our wait. 

The manager Tony was great, responsive and helped me to overcome my disappointment in the rude hostess encounter and he brought me back to a 4 star rating for the great service and food once we were seated. I would definitely recommend this place and the margarita!
Great happy hour.  Complimentary and yummy chips and salsa.  Good price on my favorite dish...the black and blue quesadilla.  Plus, there is always at least one beer worth drinking at happy hour pricing.
Wow...what a nice surprise!  Chips and salsa were great, even though I usually prefer my salsa spicier than what is offered. Desert Fire Pasta was EXCELLENT, and sons loved their pork enchiladas and chicken quesadillas. Limit Two margarita was awesome (Top Shelf Conmemorativo).   Highly recommended - great food, reasonably priced, and outdoor seating wonderful!
My parents and I were so satisfied with this restaurant that i don't even know where to begin.  First off the chips and salsa were amazing.  They had three kinds of chips.  Wonton's, Regular chips, and Sweet potato chips. I got the chimichanga and WOW so freaken gooooood!!!  I would definitely get it again! At the end of the meal they give you a corn husk filled with white chocolate(not a tamale, like everyone keeps saying) which was very quite delightful. Also the setting was so beautiful.  I have never been to a place that gorgeous before and to top it off my parents hate sitting outside but this place they rather of sat outside then inside! lol.

P.S. I went in January of 2012 just forgot to finish my review. =]
Had lunch here. Great food and great service.
How good is Sam's? Well, I just got back from eating dinner here, and I couldn't think of anything I wanted to do more than write this review -- that's how good it is. 

I'm in town for business and a buddy who lives in the area suggested this place for dinner tonight, and boy am I glad he did! 

Let me start with the ambiance. Very nicely decorated and furnished in the Southwestern style that is common down here but done nicely, not gaudy or tacky in any way. There is a nice outside patio seating area, however considering I'm from Seattle and the temp was still pushing 100 degrees, we opted to sit inside.

Once we were seated, we were tempted to order the "Limit-2" margaritas that they are apparently famous for, but decided against it. After taking our drink order, the waitress brought us a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa.

Let me stop right here.

I knew just from looking at them, that these were no ordinary chips . Not only were they a mixture of different types of chips (regular tortillas, sweet potato, and wontons), but each type was topped in a different seasoning -- my favorite being the wonton chips topped in seasoning and some powdered sugar, giving it a sweet and spicy flavor at the same time. Amazing. I asked the waitress what the seasoning but I swear they were laced with cocaine as well. Hands down the best chips and salsa I've ever had in my life. I would go back just for that!

Once we overcame the confusion of what the "Super Salad" was (it turns out she was asking if I wanted soup OR salad), I ordered the Pueblo House Salad to start with. It was a very nice sized salad (could easily have been shared by two people if someone wanted to), and delicious with their honey chipotle vinaigrette dressing.

For the main course, I opted for the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast, which came off the "Sam-Mex" section of the menu. According to the menu, "Sam-Mex" was created by their executive chef with "the influence of Mexican, Spanish, Native American and American Southwest Cultures." The chicken breast was stuffed with herb-goat cheese and served over a roasted red pepper cream sauce with a pine nut & cilantro pesto, grilled asparagus and southwest rice.

Words cannot describe the amazing fusion of these different flavors as they combined into one superbly mind blowing dish.

I'll be honest, it was hard to concentrate on the conversation with my buddy as I was distracted each time I took a bite -- but don't let him know I said that!
 
At the end of the meal, as we opted not to order dessert (or the crazy margarita), we were treated to what the waitress referred to as "white chocolate tamales," compliments of the chef. Of course, know that I have read some of the other reviews on here, it seems that everyone gets these little treats, but whether the chef really intended for us to specifically have them or not was a mute point after tasting them -- a great finishing touch on an amazing meal. 

While I don't often get down to this part of the country, I will always have fond memories of this little "cafe" called, Sam's.
This is the third time I've eaten here, and I'm sorry to say, but they really flubbed it this time.
PLUS: Portions are generous.  Chips and salsa as soon as you sit down are really tasty.  Service is solid.  Prices reasonable.  Food is tasty.
MINUS: Way too salty.  Everything except the salad had far more salt than necessary or even reasonable.  Music was too loud for the few other diners and was some terrible mix that had nothing to do with the Tex/Mex theme that was so carefully planned everywhere throughout the entire restaurant.  And final problem was probably just bad luck, but the chili rubbed sirloin, while fantastically yummy to taste, was the most gristly piece of meat I've ever been served anywhere (including the IHOP).  Also managed to deliver an almost well-done dish when I had asked for medium-rare.  Would have given 3-4 stars if more appropriate music and volume, less salt, and properly prepared steak.
This place sets a new bar for complimentary chips and salsa. The chips are a cornucopia of crispy warm blue corn, white corn, four, sweet potato, and wonton style flavors sprinkled with yummy seasonings. The freebie salsa is thick and delicious, far beyond freebie grade.

The Grand Canyon frozen margarita was tangy and superb. First time I've had a margarita dressed up with bits of fresh orange zest.

The table-side guacamole is pretty good. I think I'll ask for extra spice next time.

The outdoor seating s great...overlooking the courtyard mini waterfalls & fountain.
The free chips and salsa was great!  It was hard to stop eating the various types of warm chips and chunky, fresh salsa.  The shrimp tacos were delicious! The nice free dessert (banana burrito) from checking in made it a perfect lunch!
I went to Sam's cafe with a group of 8-10 and they had no problem accommodating us, even though the restaurant was packed.  The service was great and the food was amazing!  The complimentary chips and salsa were addictive.  The variety of chips was incredible, sweet potato, multicolored corn chips, and some other unidentifiable but delicious vegetable based chips.  Amazing.

I had a stuffed chicken dish and my date had the carnitas plate.  I tried them both and they were really delicious, but the carnitas was definitely the better of the two.  It was moist and tender, but with delicious crispy caramelized edges. 

I didn't hear a single complaint about the food and drink from anyone at the table!  The only complaints I could possibly voice are about the atmosphere.  It was very crowded on a Friday after work and so it was pretty loud.  The sun beating through the floor to ceiling window was a little much, I was blinded for the first third of our meal and it was a little warm.  Once the sun went down, it was pretty great though.  I would go back!
I had dinner here at the end of a long week of conference meetings. Compared to the fast food, food court, and hotel fare I'd eaten throughout the week before, this was a fabulous meal. Compared to any Tex-Mex restaurant in Texas, however, this was pretty bleh. So, for travelers that know good Mexican or Tex-Mex food, you may be disappointed with the flavors here--but given your few eating options in Phoenix, I'd definitely recommend it.

Primary food gripes: the salsa was smoky tasting and so dark as to almost look black. The carnitas in my chimichanga were dry and burnt. Little spice or flavor to the overall dish.

Positives: Their top shelf margarita was excellent. Just excellent. Also, one of my fellow diners loved the stuffed chicken dish. 

Service-related: Attentive, friendly service, if a little overly so. Weak or no A/C on in the restaurant while we ate. In June. Not awesome.
I stopped in with my wife last night, as we are both new to the city and were celebrating our anniversary. The food was great. However, the staff went out of their way to go above and beyond my expectations. They were friendly and prompt and the manager made us feel important as patrons.
I've been to Sam's several times and have never been disappointed. My most recent visit was last night. We skipped the appetizer only because we had tickets to a show but not to worry because the complementary chips and salsa are outstanding! You don't even need the salsa as the chips are seasoned, fresh and uniquely delicious. Husband had the chicken quesadilla and inhaled it before I could try it but he loved it. I was torn between the Stuffed Chicken and the Spinach and Portobello quesadilla. I had (and loved) the chicken dish my last visit so I went with the spinach and mushroom quesadilla which was wonderfully simple and delicious with a fresh and tasty salad on the side. We didn't have time for dessert but again, not to worry as the complementary white chocolate nibble they serve at the end of the meal hits the spot. Next time we come to Sam's we will hopefully have more time for appetizer and dessert. I also need to commend the attentive wait staff and pleasant atmosphere especially when the weather allows you to sit outside
After a hard day working an event across the street at the Sheraton, I was pleasantly surprised to find Sam's Cafe.  We sat out on the patio and enjoyed the most amazing chips + salsa which many people have raved about on Yelp.  Towards the end of the meal, manager Nicole dropped by the table to ask how the meal was and we enjoyed talking with her. She was very knowledgable about the city and the restaurant which I was surprised to find has a sister cafe in my town (St. Louis). I thought the food was good but not amazing. But the chips, atmosphere, service and overall relaxing evening made this a 5-start experience.  I'll go back and try something different and I'm sure it will be even better.
Long time user of Yelp...first time reviewer and Sam's is the reason!

WOW...what a great restaurant and an even better experience.

First, the chips & salsa that showed up as we sat down - Almost impossible to describe how good this combination of sweet, spicy, flavorful and tangy this kickoff to dinner was.  You must go and you MUST have the chips and salsa...YUM!

Then, dinner.  And it was fast and delicioso!  I had the Black and Blue quesidilla and my partner had a pork dish and holy cramoly...amazing.  Not only was the service fabulous and fast, but the attention to detail was truly surprising AND, did I mention the food was fantastic!

Then we met up with Nicole - manager extraordinaire and a really nice person to socialize with during dinner.  She came over and asked how our dinner was going and then shared stories of her experiences with us and what's cool (and not so cool) about Phoenix.  Always great to hear it direct from a local . . . thanks Nicole, you made our evening really special.

And then finally, after all was said and done, our waitress Sally brought these little corn-husk wrapped fingerlings of vanilla infused white-chocolate with pecans encrusted throughout.  Seriously...just shoot me!

I'd give Sam's a 10 star rating, but then again, this is my first time reviewing a restaurant so, it's a pleasure to start off my Yelp career with such a great and wonderful place.  PLUS, there's a Canyon Cafe' restaurant (parent company of Sam's) about 10 minutes from my house in St. Louis so as soon as I get back home, I'd headed there for more fun and food.

Thanks Sam's...WOW!
A date picked this restaurant for me and I have to admit I was impressed!  Sitting outside on the patio under the gorgeous sparkling lights on the palm trees, with the sound of the running water in the fountains nearby, in the heart of Central Phoenix.  It didn't even matter at that point if the food was good!   

I've been back several times since and this place doesn't disappoint.  However, I would rank ambiance #1, alcohol #2 and food #3.  Drink choices are widely ranging so everyone will find something.   From your traditional margarita to a cocktail, the drinks are strong and well made.  As for the food, I've had a few dishes I liked - the black and bleu quesadilla and the fajitas tend to be my go-to.  I love the salsa too - it's a chipotle, smoky flavor - my favorite kind!   Best little treat is a white chocolate dessert served in a corn husk at the end of the meal.   Great little inclusion!   

This is located in the Arizona Center by the AMC movie theater, so makes it easy for a great dinner and movie night.   Then grab your date's arm and take a stroll through the courtyard, enjoy the twinkling lights and fountains.   There's no way you'll be able to resist the romance!  =)
I had never heard of this place when i went here for a lunch meeting.  We arrived about noon on a Wednesday and the place was busy, but not packed.  The weather outside was awesome and we wanted to sit outside but the noise from the fountains/waterfalls up against the patio was really loud to talk over so we sat inside.  

The chips and salsa they brought out was amazing.  The bowl had 4 different types and flavors of chips and the salsa had a good taste and spice without being too hot.  For a meal i picked the Meatloaf and it was a ton of food.  2 huge pieces meatloaf that was seared on a grill after it was cooked came out with corn & mashed potatoes and a roasted tomato BBQ sauce.  I ate the whole thing (even though it was more food that i should have eaten) and i didn't feel bad!.  The meeting was a little hard to pay attention to though since the windows faced the pathway and the women from ASU downtown and all of the businesses kept walking by!!!
Ditto on other comments about the chips n' salsa. Whoduthunk that simply putting 4 kinds of chips would make a basic appetizer so much better?
We didn't have a really good experience here, but I don't think it was the fault of the restaurant.  A little misunderstanding with the server on "gluten free" food, but otherwise food was good, relatively competitive with others.  Atmosphere wasn't really what we liked, but that is a matter of personal opinion.
The black and blue quesadilla was amazing! And the chips and salsa are to die for! Service was great, too!
So I've been here twice.  Both times, I thought the food was excellent.  Sam's enchiladas, while non-traditional, are admittedly my favorite in town; they are significantly better than Barrio Caf.  The portions are huge; the prices, very reasonable; and the atmosphere, especially the beautiful outdoor patio near the fountain, is fantastic on nice Phoenix days.  

And this is all before you consider the chips.  Good gracious, the chips and salsa!  Five star worthy chips and salsa.
I was pleasantly surprised by the great service and taste of the food.  I had an amazing waiter and the manager was even walking around asking how everyone's meals came out.  

I loved the chips and salsa.  There was a mix of different colored chips with different seasonings.  I ordered steak fajitas which came out hot, tender and delicious.  A lot of veggies and a lot of nice spices.  I ordered a slide of dulche De Leche, which was so good.  

My bill, with a 30% tip only came out to $20, which I thought was very reasonable.

The restaurant is located in a nice little plaza area with a cool looking courtyard, surrounded by an office building and a sweet looking Cathedral, a few blocks from Chace field.  I was glad I went here.
Good food overall.  The guacamole was excellent!  The group enjoyed their entrees overall.  I had the seared tuna which was very good. Margaritas were potent...which is good .  Desserts were also enjoyable - tres leche cake was moist and tastie.  Atmosphere was ok.  Cost per person was about $40 person with a drink or so.
I like the food at Sam's and I like the happy hour. I don't know if they've changed management or service since they changed their name to Canyon Cafe but the service here frustrated me so badly I had to give it 2 stars for "I've experienced better."  The wait for food is rather long most times of the day, which, at lunch time especially, can suffice as a reason NOT to go here. You definitely won't make it back to work within an hour.  

But here's the main reason I started boycotting Sam's. I went here with a friend who is allergic to cilantro once. She tried ordering 4 different things that presumably wouldn't have cilantro on them and each time she selected something the waiter just said "That has cilantro too." How about helping to identify some items WITHOUT cilantro, Mr. Waiter?! When she had finally just decided NOT to eat at all, I asked the waiter if he could go ask the cook if he could make anything without cilantro so my friend could eat.  Rather than doing that, he said, "well, I know all the ingredients in everything so that won't help." Nice. Finally I asked the waiter if the chef could make a quesadilla (tortillas & cheese!!!!!!) without cilantro and he STILL said no.  Do you know why? Because it's served with pico de gallo on top. HELLO?!?! just leave it off....idiot. It was really a terrible experience. Usually restaurants at least ATTEMPT to accommodate food allergies. NOT this one. 

THEN, to cap it all off, I asked for parking validation for the garage when we were ready to go. All restaurants at the Arizona Center give validation for parking because why would you pay an additional $5-$10 just to eat at so-so restaurants?  The hostess responded with a simple, "Sorry - we're out". I had no patience left after the no-cilantro fiasco so I inquired further and finally a manager came out and said, "Oh - no parking? - I'll go get more validations from our sister restaurant around the corner." He was back in 1 minute. How difficult was that? The lack of problem-solving skills among the staff here really astounded me, and for this reason, despite the fact that this place is super convenient to my job and home, I haven't been back since.
In town for a conference at the convention center and stumbled upon this place across the street for lunch one day - what a happy surprise!  Loved the house-made chips they bring as soon as you're seated - not just your average tortilla chips but also wontons and sweet potato chips, and all with a nice sized bowl of a really flavorful smoky chipotle-style salsa - delish!  It's a good thing the kitchen is quick because my Cobb salad that came out a short time later was gigantic.  I would probably say this is one of the top Cobbs I have ever had - every item on it tasted fresh and crisp and good quality, and there were a lot of unique items included - oh so much more than your average Cobb.
I planned all week to go back at night for dinner and margaritas but never did make it - boo!
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner for our anniversary after a baseball game and to our surprise, mostly everything was amazing! His adova rib eye was cooked just right and had succulent flavors to the dry last bite. My adova penne chicken pasta wasn't far behind! Not to mention the chocolate chip and pecan complimentary tamale was totally different than the traditional tamales we're accustomed to yet scrumptious! I would have gave this restaurant, formerly Sam's cafe, 5 stars but the guacamole was too lemony and our service was pretty slow at the beginning despite seeing tons of staff pass us on by, but once the manager took notice everything changed! Definitely coming back next time we're in Phoenix!
Excellent food and excellent service!
Went in with a couple of friends for a post-softball tournament drink.  Didn't get served for quite a while; all we had on our table were the menus and the chips/salsa.  No water?!

When we ordered our drinks, we got the typical "you're not ordering anything else tonight?/Well, I guess I'd better go work some other tables for a bigger tip" vibe from our waitress.  So what? Serve ALL of your customers the same and you'll be compensated.  Silly.

Yummy margaritas, though.  Chips and salsa don't QUITE compare to Aunt Chilada's, but they were better than most (ahem...chain restaurants...).
Dave and I were exploring to new places around our new home and came across this lovely cafe in the middle of the Arizona Center. We were greeted and seated right away, we chose the patio to enjoy then spring weather. The ambiance was casual and made you feel like you were eating at home.  The service was quick and the staff very knowledgeable.  We even got a personal visit from the manager to ensure we were enjoying our dining.  

We started the dinner off with the best chips and salsa I have ever tasted. The salsa tasted like heaven and I am very picky about my salsa. I believe it was made with some adobo sauce. To wash it down we tried the pitcher of canyon margaritas.   The prickly pear and cranberry provided a nice flavor twist although it was a bit too sweet for Dave's liking. 
For dinner, Dave tried the Southwestern tortellini  and I had the mini chimichangas.  The tortellini were covered in a chorizo cream sauce and was delicious.  The mini chimichangas did not disappoint mouth watering flavor in every bite.  Both meals were superb.  We decided to splurge for dessert and tried the tres leches cake with a strawberry sauce.  It was the most moist tres leches I have ever tried (even ones I have tried to make).  It was the perfect ending to a great meal.  If that wasn't enough they provided a commentary dessert, a divine white chocolate almond tamale.  A fun twist on the traditional tamale.  Even the left overs the next day were amazing. 

Over all this was a fabulous place to visit.  The only downside is that our meal was a bit pricy but I am sure that the $25 margarita pitcher didn't help. I would and will definite visit this place again, especially since it is only 0.2 miles away.
Tasteless. Nasty. 
A definite go when you have no desire to eat good tasty food, and no desire to impress out of town visitors. Calamari tasted like rubber, prickly pear margherita was iced down to the fullest. My stomach hurts. But the staff was nice.
I've been here twice now.  My first visit was great.  The service was perfect.  I was pleasantly surprised by the chips and salsa and the special of the day was excellent.  It was a very interesting mix of Italian and southwest.  

My second visit didn't go quite as well.  My group was sat at the very back of the restaurant and the servers visits where few and far between.

Perhaps I should stop wearing my "bearded for her pleasure" shirt when I eat out...
good fresh table-side guacamole, margaritas were too sweet and diluted, fajitas were good! rice was not vegetarian but beans were.. service was fine.. patio seats were fun
I took a group of people here from work -  The service was outstanding the food was even better. I produced my "Yelp" coupon and it was honoured without question. The chips and salsa really get your attention, and some of the cocktails were excellent. They seated our group of 8 immediately, even while they had a large function going on outside. All who ate there were thrilled.
I have always enjoyed eating at Sam's (now Canyon) from when they had their Biltmore location...the Pancho's Enchiladas are my favorite! However I went to their downtown location with my 4 month old daughter today to meet some friends for lunch and they do NOT have a diaper changing station in their restroom. Was pretty disappointed and won't be returning if it is a family meal.
Our group was wondering what was good on the menu and asked our waitress for input.  She said to try the "Limit- 2" Margaritas $11.95  Two of my friends said the drink was strong, one of us opposed.  I also disagreed.  It was definitely salty though.
We grubbed on the chips on salsa and drank our margaritas as we waited for our food to come out.  The chips were really good, especially the chips that had the sweet topping on it; but too much of that can make you sick.  I kind of did and had to stop...

Finally our order came out.  I had ordered the Mango Buffalo Salad as suggested by the waitress, and it was a featured item on the menu; it was alright.  I was too full to even finish the tostada.
The other day my coworkers and I decided to go to Canyon Cafe.  Also this restaurant used to be called Sam's Cafe.    They changed names back in February.  

So, we got our drinks and we order the Queso dip to start our meal off and then we ordered our food.   Then the Queso dip came out.  It was really good, but it was also a little runny.  

Now for our food, when they were handing us the food.  The lady was passing the fajitas across me to my coworker and the juice from the fajitas spilled all over me and my meal.  Luckily I had my napkin in my lap, but it still got on my jeans.  You would think that a manager would come over and apologize for what happen or at least comp my food.  Instead they told me that they would pay for my dry cleaning bill, if I wanted to get my jeans dry cleaned.    

Other than the spill the meal was great. I ordered the basin Meatloaf. I totally recommend the meatloaf.  It was one the best meatloaf I have had in a long time.  Last but not least our waiter was really nice and did a great job taking care of us.
Best chips and salsa ever! Variety of chips.
Our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips Favorite margarita. Grand Canyon margarita the best ever! Only $4 during happy hour.
We ate here during lunch on Sunday and I can't understand why this place wasn't packed. They have the best vegetarian fajitas, chips and salsa that I've ever had...and I eat Mexican food a lot. The chips are mixed, some are won tons, some are sweet potato crisps and some are seasoned corn chips...all mixed together. Our waiter explained that the salsa takes two days to make the concoction of roasted vegetables. I had my free checkin dessert to go...and there was a lot to choose from. If I lived in the area, I would definitely frequent this place.
Patio is dog friendly.  Very good service. Had the blackened catfish which was good .  The little white chocolate and pecan praline deserts rolled in tamale husks were outstanding!!!
This place came highly recommended by my son.  So we buzzed into this neat little complex.  Found the restaurant and sat outside watching the nursing students go by.  I ordered a house special margarita, that they will only sell two of to you.  The drink was made out of fresh juices and a healthy pour of tequila. Wow it was delicious. 

A unique basket of chips was dropped off at out table.  Different kinds of chips with a great spice on them and what appeared to be a restaurant made salsa.  Absolutely delicious.  Really, fantastic flavors in a great combination. 

Had a chimichangas for my meal.  It was really good as well.  Crunchy outside with a real intense flavored chicken inside.

I will without a doubt return next time I am in Phoenix.
Came here upon my cousins recommendation. Glad we did. We sat outside on the patio because it was unbearably cold inside. The chips and salsa were different than ive ever had: crispy, good spice with a hint of sweetness. A raspberry margarita hit the spot. I ordered a chicken salad, lots of breast meat chicken, and a delicious salad dressing. Great service, just watch out for the birds they are ready to EAT too!! When in town i'd come back here.
Great portions and good food. Stayed for a week near by. Probably ate here 4 times in a week. The southwest Cobb salad is beyond delicious. Great happy hour 4-7 everyday. Highly recommend.
Very good! Love the Orange Beso! The Chips and salsa are amazing!!! I got the Bison Meatloaf! Freakin amazing!!!! :-D Highly recommend it!!!!
A couple friends and I went here after searching for a dinner place around 9pm on a weeknight. Much of downtown Phoenix closes up shop early during weekdays so it was good to find a place that was open with some life to it.

We were quickly seated and ordered some margaritas. They brought out chips and salsa that were actually very tasty. The chips are brushed with some sort of chipotle spice and served with chipotle salsa as well.

For my meal, I ordered the chicken fajitas which were decent, but nothing to write home about. All of the portions were pretty large, but I still felt that the prices were a bit high considering the quality of food.

The service was friendly and relatively speedy and they even gave us a little palette cleansing dessert to complete the meal.

Overall, this place is a good place to get your fix for margaritas and Mexican food in Phoenix, but just be prepared to pay a little higher price than you are probably used to.
We chose Canyon Cafe for our dinner after walking through the Arizona Center and it looked appealing. We asked to sit outside since it was a beautiful, balmy December evening.

We told our server, Ryan that we needed to be in and out in an hour and he assured us he'd make that happen since the kitchen wasn't terribly busy. Waters all around and then drinks were ordered. A had a beer so there's not much to report there. M choice a Mai-Tai and it was VERY strong. We all choked back a swig to verify and then asked Ryan to add something to tone it down, which he did rather quickly. K & I were intrigued by the "Limit 2" Margaritas so we each ordered the Top Shelf ConMemorativo which I have to say was just average. Pricey ($11.95) for average.

Dinner selections included the carnitas platter, a spinach/portabella quesadilla, and some kind of stew with jalapenos and all kinds of tasty things...beef? pork? Can you tell this wasn't my dish? I did however, get to taste it and all of us had wished we'd ordered it. It was that good. The report on the quesadilla was that it was good and just enough food. The carnitas were a little dry but the plate arranged beautifully. Canyon serves an odd chips & salsa combo too - puffy fried flour tortillas (my guess on the flour) and then sprinkled with a sweet, BBQ flavoring. Interesting. They were good but we could only eat a couple each.

The best part about Canyon for us was Ryan! He was super friendly, super attentive without annoying us and accommodated all our requests...even one for a picture!
Absolutely the worst service I've ever seen. We waited for a half hour before grabbing a waitress.
Love this place!!! Came here for lunch yesterday and I about inhaled the entire bowl of chips and salsa :) BEST I HAVE EVER HAD! I was on a quick lunch break so I ordered off the light lunch menu and had a chicken quesadilla, which had carmalized onions and gave it a sweet taste. I will definitely be back! Yum!

4 Stars due to the fact that we requested 2 bowls of the salsa, but additional chips were never brought to the table. Maybe a good thing as I couldn't keep my hands out of the bowl :)
Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance. Move Over, Manuels & TEE PEE....ew!
Killer Mexican Food! The chips 'n salsa kicks ass! You get a red, blue & regular tortilla chips with reg, spicy salsa & bean dip! Hellava start! A kick-butt margarita! Had Chicken Fajitas!...THE BEST! ...Cannot wait to return! Great ambiance.......... Move over, Manuels & TEE PEE....ew!
The only reason why I am giving this a 3, is because the Bison Burger was great! Other then that, coming from So.Cali, this Mexican style of food does not compare. But I would give it a try again.
I had the carnitas and enchiladas.  the carnitas were fine but no better than what you can get at trader joes and the pancho's enchiladas were just plain bad.  they had no flavor, and the tortillas were hard.  the chips were unique, seasoned and sweet potato, but the salsa was no better or worse than a dozen other Mexican places I've been to.  I'm from California so maybe I'm a little spoiled when it comes to good Mexican, but regardless this place fell way short.  oh!  and I asked for no onions and the plate was covered in them!  poor form.
I cannot speak highly enough of this restaurant. The chips are to die for, the salads and tortilla soup were awesome. To top it off, the service by our waitress TJ (Tammy J) was excellent as she made us feel like guests in her own home. We'll go back again anytime we visit Phoenix.
The margaritas here are good.  All of them.  We stopped in during our Cinco de Mayo, Tour de Margarita, and were not disappointed.  Unfortunately we did not eat during this visit, much to the detriment of our sobriety, but I'm sure there will be a next time.
Best chips and salsa! Friendly service.  Will definitely go back for more!  This was a first time visit for me, and I can't wait to visit again for lunch or dinner.
One of our favorites.  I love that you can walk right in on a Friday or Saturday night without waiting for a table - I don't know why that is, maybe the location?  But the food has always been phenomenal.  The seared tuna and fresh veggies is so good and the portion is twice the size I've ever gotten elsewhere - so it's a great lunch the next day.  Chips and salsa are the best of anywhere.  The chips basket is a mix of white and blue corn, PLUS fried wonton wrappers with a sweet/spicy spice blend AND sweet potato chips.  Sooo good.  And it's a great, roasted salsa too.  I've had dinners, salads, quesadillas there and everything has always been good.  I'd always take my assistant there for secretaries day or for their birthdays and they always love it.  We've had out of town visitors and they always love it too.  If you love calamari, there's is great.  IT's cornmeal dusted with a spicy sauce... but there's TONS... so bring friends.  Really.  Usually a calamari order is $10+ and so small you don't want to share, this is under $10 and enough for 5 ppl.  Delish.  I LOVE that they bring you a white chocolate (and pecan) tamale after dinner.  Just the perfect little two bites of sweet to finish your meal.  Consistently good food.
I love this place!!

The chips and salsa are fantastic, I couldn't stop eating them.  The food was excellent, the service was prompt and friendly, and even the desert was delicious (tres leches)!

We went on a Friday night and were one of the only ones in the restaurant, which surprised me.  We also ordered a margarita (one of the ones large enough to share) and it was perfectly prepared.

I look forward to coming here again and highly recommend giving it a shot if you haven't yet.  The free dessert Yelp coupon alone makes it worthwhile!
What a great menu and patio... The commemorativo margarita is great...
being in phoenix, i was hoping for some killer mexican food. canyon cafe was ok. came here for dinner, but wasn't impressed by anything on the menu. ordered the steak fajitas and it was unexpectedly sweet. raspberry margarita was good though!
Great outdoor seating in the Arizona Center. They open at 11am and have a nice top shelf margarita selection.  You get a shaker full of drink so it's more like three drinks in one.  We all had soup and salads. It was a good lunch with  nice variety of flavors.  The chicken pablano chowder was really nice.  End of the meal comes with a little treat of white chocolate pecan in a tamale husk.  Yelp check in gets you a free dessert with entree. I didn't think the soup and salad would classify but our waitress was awesome and said she surely could do one dessert for our table of three. 

Great place for lunch. Plenty of seating. Starting filling up at noon.
Chips & salsa FANTASTIC! Went back for spinach/portobello quesadillas; best ever. Beautiful patio area. Excellent service.
Canyon Cafe has the potential to be an idyllic restaurant, but falls short on nearly all aspects one desires in a dining experience. I want this place to succeed, I really do, but based upon a couple of my experiences here it seems they themselves do not want to succeed.

Canyon Cafe has a really nice location in downtown Phoenix at the Arizona Center. One of its main selling points is the huge shaded patio overlooking the Arizona Center courtyard with tall palm trees and soothing waterfalls. They have some of the best margaritas I've ever tasted. The food is mediocre.

My first three times here last winter were great. Canyon Cafe was one of my first restaurant experiences in Phoenix, as I had just accepted my first big boy job and had relocated from Pennsylvania. I was in love with the new climate and the countless varieties of margaritas. The food was so-so, but the atmosphere and service received were wonderful. My server was the older lady with shorter gray hair--perfect! 

My fourth time was on a Friday night, and we arrived to a surprisingly empty restaurant around 8:30 for dinner. The chile-rubbed sirloin left a lot to be desired, but the Orange Beso margaritas were its saving grace. I really love these margaritas, and I highly recommend this place for margaritas, and margaritas only, but only if you want to stop drinking them by 10pm on a Friday night. I didn't know they closed at 10pm on a Friday night until the server presented me the check at 10pm saying that they close at 10pm on Friday nights. Seriously? I'm not one to consciously stay past closing time, but giving one of your few remaining repeat customers the proverbial 'foot in the ass' is probably a big reason as to why you have no one in your restaurant on a Friday night. That, and you don't have a HH to lure customers in earlier in the evening. Get with the program.

In the spirit of redemption, I came here solo for a late lunch yesterday. The place was nearly empty, but that's to be expected at 4pm on a weekday. I picked a nice patio table overlooking the courtyard on an absolutely beautiful 80 degree day. I sipped on my Blue Moon margarita, wayfarers on, giving thanks I wasn't in the torrent of shit that was unloading on the east coast. I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad and went back to sipping and basking. Five minutes later my waitress returns asking me what I ordered. Sip.

This particular Caesar salad has apple and pear slices in it, which sounded deliciously refreshing. I was let down when the bowl arrived and the pieces were about the width of a toothpick. The salad and dressing were great, but the salmon tasted too fishy, leading me to believe it was old. 

I'm about halfway finished with my margarita when my server drops the check, not even asking me if i'd like another margarita. There are literally three tables in the entire restaurant and I feel like I'm being rushed out again. I don't touch the check, but proceed to sip, people watch, and check my phone to see how the market did. Ten minutes later she opens the check presenter that's on my table,

"Oh, you're not finished?"
    No.
"Just enjoying the weather?"
    ..........

I think I'm finished now. I'm finished with this restaurant. This place is a headache. Also check out their website. It looks like something I could have created using Visual Basic in high school. This place reeks of complacency. 2 stars only because of the margaritas.
Came here for a break from working like a mad woman.  M and I met up!  Had an early dinner.  M got dinner and I got an appetizer.  I got the wings.  They were done, crispy and flavorful.  A little messy but good!

Service was great an the chips are good!!!!!
This place has the potential to be great!! However, it's not. The chips and salsa and atmosphere are definitely a reason to go! The best I've ever had!!!! The first trip there provided a waitress who never brought the cheese dip we ordered. When I asked her to take it off our check, she said, "ok".  Never an apology or "oh my gosh! I forgot!"  Nothing. She came by a couple of times to refill the empty water glasses them disappeared until the food and check were brought out. 

Giving them the benefit of the doubt, we went back the next day. Again, beautiful atmosphere from the patio. The chips and salsa were DELICIOUS!!!! The food and service were mediocre. I had the chicken sandwich which sounded somewhat healthy but came out greasy. 

So my advice: go!! Get the chips and salsa. Although I didn't have one, I hear the margaritas are good, too. Enjoy the patio and beautiful Phoenix weather. Just don't expect too much from the rest of the food or service.
After reading reviews I only ordered table side guacamole and a cheese quesadilla.  The chips were amazing and I thought the salsa was just okay.  Quesadilla was good. Service was slow but that was okay cuz I was there to enjoy a beautiful morning in Arizona!
Fantastic southwest food! You want something fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced go to Canyon Cafe! The canyon classic burger is perfect! Cheddar jalapeo bun can't be beat!! Guacamole made to order right in front of you! Can't beat that!
Al the bartender was the best server we've had! We had a terrible experience at a nearby restaurant and decided to head in to a favorite spot we always enjoy and Al undid the terrible experience we had elsewhere. Highly recommend Canyon Cafe. Plus it's one of the few places that gives you chips and salsa without a charge.  Great food, fantastic service and the best chips you've ever had! This place is consistently good. Al is our new favorite!
I love this place and have eaten her more times than I can count.  Anything with their green chili pork is fantastic.  The steak and blue cheese quesadilla is amazing.  As several others haven mentioned the chips and salsa are quite tasty.
I dined here three times in one month, each time with different groups. We all enjoyed the experience. The chips are made fresh on site and believe me, you can tell! 

Lots of outdoor seating right there by the palm trees and water fountains at Arizona Center. There are usually a few birds squawking and chirping in the background as well. No charge for this entertainment. 

Tried several dishes (NOT all in one sitting!), including tacos and enchiladas. All excellent. 

Full bar and indoor seating as well if desired. Friendly staff each visit. 

And here's a nice touch: they give out these corn husk-wrapped white chocolates as complimentary dessert. Make sure you unwrap those husks or you'll be in for a nasty surprise. 

The goods are on the inside. Not the outside. 

But on the inside? Savory, cool white chocolate. It tastes a bit like butter pecan ice cream (if anyone can even remember that flavor, which seems to have gone the way of vinyl albums and phone booths). 

Check out the Canyon Cafe. I believe you'll also become a fan.
Great find thanks to Yelp! My family and I were at the Convention Center for my niece's dance competition and we didn't know where to eat. My sister mentioned that she felt like Mexican food so I pulled up the handy dandy Yelp app and began searching. This gem popped up.

It's about a 10-15 min. walk from the Convention Center and is located in the Arizona Center near the fountains. 

I ordered the vegetable pasta, my sister and mom ordered veggie fajitas and my dad ordered the applewood smoked salmon. The fajitas looked really really good! They had various kinds of vegetables in them, not just peppers and onions like some other places do. My veggie pasta was really delicious. It's pasta with a garlic black bean soy sauce. It's topped with roasted vegetables. The only thing is i wish I knew that there were tomatoes in it because I would have ordered it without. Not a big deal though, since I was able to pick them out. My dad's salmon was fresh and he said it was delicious. We didn't order dessert, even though their deserts look AMAZING. They have something called a banana burrito, which looks really good. This restaurant also has a gluten free menu if that's how you roll. 

Our server Ryan was really good! He made sure our drinks were full and brought us new chips when our basket was empty. He was very attentive and made sure our visit was superb. BTW, their tortilla chips are out of this world. 

We sat outside on the patio and overlooked the lit up palm trees and the fountains. It was really nice out and our visit was very pleasant. There was also some live music playing. The food took a little long to come out but it wasn't ridiculous. You can tell everything was prepared fresh, so I didn't mind having to wait an extra few minutes...plus my dad ordered an appetizer which delayed things a bit. 

Next time we go back I'll definitely try the table-side guacamole...that looked really good and probably tastes really fresh.
Here on business, staying at the downtown sheraton across the street from the restaurant. I've been here twice this week and the food and service have been great. Chips and salsa are a unique blend of sweet and salty and delicious. Great margaritas. Both I can only comment on the fajitas but they are amazing. I'd definitely recommend
Positives:
*Chips and salsa
*Nice outdoor seating 
*Fish tacos with light salad was delicious
*Affordable prices

Negatives:
*It took 45 min for the food to be brought out even though the restaurant was not very busy and especially after several inquiries about our order, stressing that we needed to be back for a conference.  Because the food came out so late we had to get it boxed up.
*Orders were incorrect.
*No apologies from management or wait staff.
Canyon Cafe is in the top five of favorite places to eat. My fiance and I recently celebrated our anniversary at Canyon Cafe.  

Pro: The chips and salsa rock my world! The entree's are delicious! The staff is friendly and efficient.  The ambiance is quiet and relaxed.

Con: The carnitas tacos are very greasy.

Canyon Cafe exceeds our expectations every time.  You go for dinner but you stay for the chips and salsa.  The chip basket includes sweet potato, blue corn, wonton, and regular tortilla chips.  The salsa is roasted and heavenly.  

Recommended: The bison burger, it is juicy and flavorful. The Verde Chicken enchiladas, love the sauce and chicken is tender.  The top shelf margarita, suggested to share but make sure to stir or the tequila will go straight to your head.

Can't wait to go back.  It's our little secret place that we enjoy because it's quiet and we usually leave feeling quite euphoric.
Good Southwestern food: Addictive chips, efficient service.
Great location. Food good. Came here on a Monday night about 10 minutes before closing and they accommodated us. Service was pretty quick and good. Outdoor seating available.

We ordered margaritas which were delicious. They bring the entire mixer, so you get about 1.5 - 2 glasses once you're finished drinking it.

We had the fish tacos and Avodo chicken pasta. Both tasted good and were cooked just right. Portions were fairly sizable. 

Dining space is fairly large and is good for groups.
Great place and beautiful patio!  Adovo Chicken Pasta and Poblano Chicken Chowder are favorites!
This place is great! Definitely deserves more than the 3.5 stars it has on here!

The chips and salsa are the best I've ever had. I got steak fajitas that were excellent. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well (can't quite remember what it was). Very fair prices, almost cheap for how good it is and the ambiance is quite nice. Definitely worth a visit, I'll probably eat here every time I visit Phoenix!
After having had some underwhelming meals at our hotel and around the convention district, this place was a BIG treat. The service was spot on, and we knew the meal was going to be good as soon as they brought out their special mixed chips and dark, smoky salsa. After our margaritas appeared (their special margaritas come out with a refill in the shaker), our entrees did not disappoint. Hearty chicken in the enchiladas and quesadilla, and our friend's intriguing 'naked' chili relleno. Portions were beyond generous, and thanks to checking in with Yelp we shared a dessert for free. We chose the banana burrito and had no regrets. Highly recommended. Sad that I won't be back in Phoenix any time soon - I'd definitely come back if this were in my city!!
Two! Not one,  but two roaches crawling on the table. Came in, sat and ordered then here comes a Roach crawling on the table then another! Not sure if the solar flares, the full moon, or the fact that it's Friday the 13th had anything to do with it,  but the fact that it was my first time there, the roaches made it my last time there! And the fact that the booth seating with the huge square pillars makes for an uncomfortable setting. And the energy is not good,  very off! Also, the roaches were small, meaning there are more, probably a nest! Roaches don't come out during the day unless there's an infestation! Wouldn't recommend eating here!
I've been here twice and never been let down. Great food from the chips n salsa to the entree. The margaritas are excellent also.  Must stop if your in the area. Service very good.
Came here twice for dinner while staying at a hotel across the street for a conference. Staff was very friendly. Food was awesome. The first night I had the Carnitas Platter...second night I tried Pancho's Enchiladas. The chips and salsa were yummy! Nicely seasoned, and once in awhile you'll find some sweet potato chips mixed in. The white chocolate tamale they give you at the end of your meal was a perfect ending.
We went here for mother's day meal 5/2014 and I was very pleased. It was an excellent day and we were able to eat in the patio area. I remember that the chips, as I had previous read, were great. Some where deep fried, different flavors, and overall a great way to start the meal. I had the carnitas plate and it was very moist and portions were plenty. The flavor was very good. We also took advantage of a yelp check in free desert and the banana burrito was great with banana wrapped in a crispy sweet tortilla topped with ice cream.

The food was great and vibe was really nice on a nice breezy, summer day. The waitress was very helpful, good service and the chef actually brought out samples of desert that I can not remember the name but it was a nice touch. The only bothersome part that there were pigeons that interrupted our meal a few times but not a big deal. If you are in the area, highly recommended.
What can I say? It's friggin Taco Bell. Garbage food that is great only when nothing else is open and you are at risk of withering away to death. If you are though, going to go to Taco Bell, go to this one. The older guy that runs through the drive through is awesome. He will either repeat the order back to you so incorrectly you'd wonder if you really did say 856 tacos and a side of grilled stuft burrito. Sometimes you pull up and he hands you a soda you didn't order, and says it's because you are the 1,000,000th customer. The guy is just out there, but you know what? he breaks the fast food mold and actually gives personality to a terrible establishment.
Taco Bell must offer some of the cheapest calories in America. At this TB cheap calories come with great service.

Rare for an American fast food restaurant, I have never experienced a single episode of bad service at this TB. Whether it's the friendly girl who upgrades my nachos (gratis) to the next size or the incredibly animated man who also works the snack counter at the AZ Center AMC, this TB's employees have one thing in common: they aim to please.

The food, of course, is nothing exceptional. It's TB. It fills you up and, at this location, it has consistently filled me up without causing food poisoning. When you're talking TB, what more could you ask for?
Why do we stop here and eat? It's cheap, It's fast, the name is familiar? Probably one or all those reasons. But we could be so much kinder to our digestive track if we would just explore out side the box! I once went 15 years without eating at a Taco Bell. Why did I try it again? Must have been an advertisement over powered me. I can be strong again and refuse to eat this crap once again or forever.
I love this place , very close to the library and art museum I frequent. Clean interior and friendly staff.
I am not really reviewing Taco Bell am I. Yup, I am. After coming here 2-3 times a week for about 7 years - I think i have the lay of the land...

I get food fast, food is good enough, always cheap, never had a problem, very well managed.

I could eat bean burritos pretty much every day - and some weeks, I do.
Literally the nicest, most sincere, excited employees I have seen working at a fast-food establishment. Never had a problem with the food or drinks. The rest of it is an average Taco Bell, but every single time I go, even through the drive-thru for a quick drink, the employees are the nicest people ever.
I hate you.
One of the rare times I indulge in restaurant food is for breakfast, and I wanted to try Taco Bell's new breakfast menu. I pulled into the drive-thru at 7:20 a.m., and all the inside and outside lights were on, including the drive-thru menu's, but the only person working was the guy power-washing the sidewalks--nobody home even though there were signs everywhere advertising that the place was now open for breakfast! I headed to my office dejectedly and checked the website to find out this location doesn't open until 9 a.m. If you're going to serve a breakfast menu, please keep breakfast hours that suit the average commuting breakfast eater, especially when you're competing with a dozen other fast food joints in a half-mile radius who are all also serving breakfast but open at 6 if they're not already open 24 hours. I have had other stuff from here since I've worked and lived nearby for the past 10 years, and it's otherwise decent service and passable fast food, but with so many other affordable and decent Mexican joints around with drive-thru windows, this isn't worth it for lunch or dinner, either, unless you're in a real time crunch.
I personally love this Taco Bell. It's right outside of my work so can get a quick meal whenever I have a break and just relax in their nice old school dinning room. I may even go a little too often as the counter people are starting to recognize me lol. I was going to give this three stars until I found out they serve breakfast now too! It's doesn't start until 8am for all you extra early people, but Taco Bell didn't open until 10am before this, so it's still an upgrade. Great location too in a nice sizeable shopping center with lots of other food and retail options!
Just went to grab a quick lunch to go and must say this is the wrost prepared food to date. I've gone hear at least 30 times before and this is the first time that I can honestly say it sucked. They weren't really busy, since I went at 10:30 am. I hope this isn't a new trend.
As good as any! I felt compelled to review since everyone else seems to hate on this place. Sure, it has long lines at 12:30 (it'd be weird if it didn't!). But service was crazy fast and friendly. 

And they didn't skimp on my request for lots of mild sauce.
Line went super fast. Did not mess up my order at all. Food was good and din't make me feel sick afterwards which is always a plus. Easy to find and right by a light so it is easy to get out of. The drive through window is a little small though but it is right next to my window in my car so I didn't have to reach at all to get my order. Will be coming back here a lot.
Every time I go....HORRIBLE! Stale taco shells, hard uncooked beans..need I go on?

Stay clear of this Taco bell.
Used to be really, REALLY bad. But has gotten much better. Very friendly service.
Absolutely horrible. Don't bother coming here. We came because its and Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut so everyone could get something they liked. We waited 20 minutes just for the tacos and 35 minutes for 3 pan pizzas. The staff was unapologetic and every single one of them gave us attitudes. The assistant manager did apologize to us but she should probably get rid of the whole staff there especially the young black girl who had the absolute worst attitude out of all of them. Don't go here. There's plenty of other places to go around here.
Mexican pizza was extremely gross. Made me sick. Tasted like it was old and reheated 10 or 15 times before I got it. Lady at front gave a a dirty look when I asked for something else. Just keep on driving.
Mexican pizza tasted like chemicals. The beef in the burritos were awful tasting. Pretty much everything we ordered was terrible. Don't even stop here.
I'm shocked by the negative reviews. I have never had an issue with the freshness of my food and the service was always reasonably prompt. 

In addition, I think this store has some of the best employees I have ever encountered in a fast food place in Phoenix. 

The employees are always friendly and courteous.
Years ago, this was absolutely the worst Taco Bell in the City of Phoenix.  Over the years it really improved.  Recently, they remodeled.  I don't know if it's the new set up, but if you come in here, expect to wait.  The service is fine, nice people who do their job well.  It just takes so long to get your order.  I really think with the remodel, the emphasis was on drive through.  People who order in were an after thought. I make this comment based on more than one visit.  Wish they would have left it alone!  I liked the old building.
Always fast and friendly service with accurate orders. Love this place to fix my Mexican food cravings in a quick way!
Really nice tex-mex.  Inside looked very nice, and I'm sure the natives flock to the AC, but as tourists, of course, we sat outside.  Remarkable homemade chips, some corn, some sweet potato, some something else, all very good.  Salsa was a bit on the tomatoe side for my taste, but good nonetheless.  The approach is a bit off-putting since it's upstairs fo a mall, but once inside it's just classy tex-mex and a step above avegare at that.
People seem to really like Sam's, though I am not quite sure why.  I think it is average.  Not great, not bad, just middle of the road food with a Southwestern twist.  Kind of like the Cheesecake Factory.  The food tastes good, but anything meal tastes good if it is loaded with fat.
I would love to give this place more than 3 stars but I had problems with the service. It took forever just to take our drink order. After he took our meal order he came back 15 minutes later because he had lost our ticket and couldn't remember what we had ordered. Then when we finally got our food, it was wrong. So had to send it back. On the good side of things, the salsa and chips were really good. The chips were a mixture of many different kinds which made it interesting. I had the seared ahi tuna salad. It was really good.
I like how they do things at Sam's. It's upstairs in the Biltmore Mall but they manage to be the most laid back of all the bar/restaurants in the area. They convincingly do mexican food in a southwestern style with all sorts of interesting twists and spins on dishes that I haven't seen before. The chicken enchiladas are dee-lish and the margaritas are some of the best I've had. 

Service is touch and go when they're busy but for the most part I've always been content with their staff. It's a pretty good date spot and the prices are reasonable, especially considering the caliber of the food they serve.
Like most restaurants at the Biltmore Fashion Park (and malls in general), Sam's Cafe feels very corporate (and it is part of the Canyon Cafe chain), but don't let that hold you back here.  While there are better Southwestern places around, Sam's does a decent job with everything.

I've done dinner and drinks a few times before, but most recently had happy hour stuff at the bar - with reasonably priced margaritas, and friendly bartenders too.  Decent, but so-so chicken tortilla soup and quesadillas.

Jake is right.  This can be a pretty good date place, when you go with a pretty good date.  My last dinner here was an awful date gone awry, but thankfully the food was the saving grace here (or maybe it was by default).  Let's just say that my date almost got a swift kick in the ass on the way out and my delicious chile-rubbed steak almost got thrown as a weapon Napoleon Dynamite style.  But I digress, back to the dinner.  The steak was cooked as I asked (medium), and had a great marinade with a flavorful spiced rub, but the chile mashed potatoes were OK, and thought it lacked that chile punch that I was hoping for.  While the food quality is OK here, it's just that - average.
Great ambience and absolutely adorable bar tender. And the second bar tender was really nice, too. We didn't want to wait 45 minutes (though our bar neighbors were seated within 10 minutes of the 45 min wait), so we elected to eat at the bar. Got the top shelf margs and a chef's sampler. Never got  around to ordering a main course: we were stuffed. After 2 margaritas each, we headed back to the hotel...........
Looks like I'm on a roll with getting horrible service at what are usually pretty decent restaurants lately!  I went to Sam's Cafe last night with two of my girlfriends and based on my previous experience at the downtown location, I figured we'd get a pretty decent meal.  Not the case!

Carter, our server, was awful.  I hate to be so hard on him but as soon as he took our drink order and we didn't order any alcoholic beverages, he went downhill from there.  My friend Allyson ordered the rotisserie chicken special and I ordered the applewood smoked pecan salmon.  DeDe had a few question before she decided and Carter not only had no clear answers for her, he didn't bother to try to get the answers.  Unacceptable!  (Just to clarify, these were basic questions such as 'what kind of vegetables come on the fire grilled vegetable tacos?' and 'What is the marinade for the chicken fajitas?')  

The next thing we know, we are given their special chips and salsa... I love how they combine sweet and salty in a colorful arrangement!  Those were delicious.  However, it was a good ten minutes until we saw our water and when you are eating salty chips and salsa, it's nice to have something to wash it down with!  Minus star #2.

So, our food comes and DeDe's fajitas are totally different than what Carter explained.  She isn't bitchy about sending them back but kindly asks for just the chicken and vegetables on a plate since that is what she was expecting.  This is where the 3rd missing star comes in - I am not kidding when I tell you that DeDe did not get her food until after both Allyson and I were done eating ours (and we were eating really slow)!  It was not right... and Carter was not very apologetic.  He came over to offer us a free dessert but being that we are all in healthy eating mode, we declined.  They did take the fajitas off the bill in the end, but it was expected at this point.

So, I know it was just one bad experience, but if I feel like Sam's Cafe again, I will probably head to the downtown location or just have lower expectations in the future.

Bottom line:  decent meal + bad service = 2 stars!
Seafood Fajitas... very good....

they also have one of my favortie Pinot Noir's La Crema!

they used to have this great little southwesten... Chocolate thing they gave you after the meall ... so missed that...
Supposedly this place was going to close down beacuse of the new condos going in. Thankfully they got an extension on their lease.  The condos aren't going in just yet.

The food here is consistently good.  The service was average. I really like the Sonoran meatloaf. It's a great location and you'll have a good meal here. The menu is pseudo tex-mex.  It's a good place to go on a date, an office lunch, take family, or out of towners over the age of 40.  Not a drinking place...at all.  I would not recommend the place for large groups or meeting friends.  It doesn't have that kind of vibe.
This is the place that we always seem to end up at when people come in to town for business. It's one of those places that's relatively convenient, has decent parking, and can handle larger crowds since they don't ever seem to be even remotely busy.

I will agree that when I have been there with small, personal groups, service has been unbearably slow. They would definitely earn one more star if there were even a whiff of concern... but when the group is larger, we have always received exemplary service - dare I say size does matter?

The food is actually above standard, for its kind. I love the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast (it has lots of goat cheese inside and is covered in their red pepper cream sauce - which honestly I think would be good spread over an old leather sneaker). I could eat the Adovo Chicken Pasta twice a week and never get tired of it (same reference to red pepper cream sauce). My ex swore that the Meatloaf was the best (but really, what can't be improved by a generous portion of bacon?!!). And my all time favorite has to be Chile Rubbed Sirloin - it's flavorful, without being overpowering, always cooked exactly as requested, and generally requires the threat of forking when others realize that "it looks better than mine."

If you like Margaritas. You should be happy with what Sam's has to offer. The Orange Beso makes my toes tingle. Fortunately, they limit those to two servings - otherwise I might find myself behaving badly. They have several "house margaritas" all of which I've enjoyed (really it's not my fault, I work with a lot of social alcoholics... it's the only way to deal with the stress).

My final offering is that this particular location (I haven't ever tried at the others, so they might be accommodating as well), is great for private functions. They will basically close down whatever portion of the restaurant you might need, either feed you buffet style or from the menu, work with you on drink coupons, let you hang corporate flair, etc.  If you are in a pinch for a business gathering in a relaxed environment give it a try.
Ok...so Sam's Cafe is probably one of my favorite lunch places to go in Phoenix, I would go alone just for the fresh made chips and salsa they bring to your table, the menu items here are quite unique and to say the least are good for the most part.

Every time I have been to this place they have never been that busy, but I will say there service is lacking, it seems that when ever I go there I get the dyslexic high school waiter who can't remember to bring me my refills I ask for or I get the recovering meth addict that hates life.

I usually end up getting the mushroom and spinach casadia which never disappoints, I like this places ambiance, the only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the service always seems to blow.
Their fresh and warm chips and salsa were good. Ordered a margarita and immediately understood why they limit you to only 2. Woo hoo! I was feeling good. I had one of their specials which consisted of salmon and mango salsa and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken fajitas and said those were good too. 

The white chocolate tamales as an after dinner snack (small dessert) was nice, but we still ordered cheesecake for dessert. I love cheesecake and have yet to try a bad piece. 

I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex, but I'd come here again.
Interior: 8/10, Food: 8/10, Service: 8/10.

I used to take out-of-towners here all the time.

Now that I moved away, I had to visit Sam's. I love the bread sticks and the smear that comes with it.

The food wasn't as great as I remembered, but it's still pretty good.
Used to come here as a kid and had to visit again to see if it was still as good.  Seems like they've replaced the famous breadsticks with chips/salsa- but I'm not complaining- the chips were really yummy- sort of a sweet taste to them.  Wine selection was decent, waiter was a sweet heart too- he let us know pets are welcome to join you on the patio too- something about "Paws on the Patio", so if you're an animal lover it's a great place to bring the puppy.  Reminded me of the smaller sidewalk places off the pier in South Bay where everyone always brought their dogs.  As for food- we had the fajitas- very good- the steak wasn't overcooked like a lot of places tend to do, word of advice though- not good as left overs so make sure you bring your appetite and finish them there!  :)  Looking forward to going again- this time for margaritas!
Not good. And it's not been for a couple of years. There are advantages: good location, rarely busy, good for larger groups. But last few times we've been there have experienced average food and lousy service.  When joining my already seated group on Saturday (3/28) the high-school hostess wagged her finger in my face like an East German border guard, the waffle house waitress poked me in the shoulder to get my attention and the wife's chicken dish had to be sent back as there were only 2 measly pieces of chicken in it.  Only 2 beers on tap. Garbage.
The food was fine, but not outstanding. There's outdoor seating, but it's along the mall's 2nd-story walkway.

One standout: 
The individual tamale-style chocolates are a definite upgrade from most restaurants'  "here's your check" treat.
The food is consistent and pretty good.  It will not satisfy any craving you have for Mexican food, but it may keep those cravings at bay for a while.   I'm really only reviewing Sam's to give them kudos for being "dog friendly."  At the Biltmore location at least they will allow you to have dogs outside on the patio.  Even though I don't have dogs, some of my friends do and I have been to Sam's Cafe with them several times because it seemed like the only place we could eat without leaving the dogs in the car.
Saturday is Happy Hour day at Sam's Caf. 
Happy because we hadn't been there in a while and happy because Sam's has improved since the last time we were there:)
I say "judge slowly" and "give people a second chance" and "a stitch in time, saves nine" and all kinds of other inappropriate adages...but my point is that sometimes a second chance is in order.
Sam's Caf had been in the rotation for a few years and then we had a couple of poor experiences there, and just didn't go back...you know how it is...there's a lot of competition for the dining dollar (it used to be "dollars" but the recession/depression has hit everyone!).
But, this isn't about then...it's about now, so let's get up to date, shall we?
The Beautiful Carin and I headed for the club last Saturday to sweat off the weeks caloric build up and sweat it off we did! (you know, I think I sweat so much because I come from ice age survivor stock and here I am trying to live in the desert!).
Anyway, after we finished our extremely grueling, yet fulfilling programs of physical exercise, got ourselves all cleaned up, (lookin' good and smellin' sweet) we were talking between ourselves (as married people often do) and trying to figure how to reward ourselves for the excellent workouts we had just finished.
How about a nice big lunch?
Sam's Caf has Happy Hours on Saturday's and Sunday's that run from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm. 
Well, that's just inspired!
We tottered in and sat at the bar (I think that's going to be a defining happy hour "move" for us), and the barman greeted us with a warmth and enthusiasm normally reserved for long lost play cousins...a good start:)
We looked at the happy hour menu and they have some nice selections for really good prices.
We ordered roast pork sliders with a chipotle barbecue sauce, Carin's  "go-to" selection...grilled chicken nacho's and Sedona Spring Rolls (also served with the chipotle barbecue sauce and pico de gallo).
While were waiting for the food to arrive, Sam's minions brought us more food...chips and salsa. 
Now, I don't want anyone to think Sam's is mexcian food...it's not. The whole place is more "southwest inspired" as opposed to "southwest", or "Mexican" or "authentic". 
They have dcor that looks sort of Fredrick Remington meets Javier Sordo Madaleno...nice, southwest-ish/modern. The chairs in the dining room are, frankly, less than comfortable but they fit the dcor, so, OK. Just don't complain to me when they make your butt sore after 20 minutes!
Back to the chips and salsa...I like the flour tortilla chips that Sam's serves, as well as the blue corn and sweet potato chips and the salsa is decent as well...very tomatoey, but spicy and flavorful, but it's not Mexican...not for everybody, but we were happy:)
The actual food portion of our lunch came before we became completely engorged with the chips portion. Everything was very tasty. 
The pork roast sliders were truly delightful...moist, seasoned perfectly on soft warm rolls:) (BTW, I'm reasonably certain that you can't get swine flu from eating pork roast, but I will say that the roast pork sliders "flew" off the plate:) . The Sedona Spring Rolls have plenty of spice and heat, and are also very nice.
All in all, a very solid Happy Hour offering for $18 and change (before tip).
Go, sit at the bar (always better service and your butt will thank me), and enjoy Sam's Happy Hour!
So my sister was in town for a visit.  She and her hubby live in Monterey, CA, and she decided that she needed to THAW from 50 degree weather!

We were meeting our friend Kelly for dinner, and she suggested Sam's Cafe.  I've been to the one downtown, and really enjoyed it, so I was looking forward to checking out this location.

First of all, the chips and salsa ROCK.  The chips are freshly made, and the salsa is this chunky, chipotle-infused bowl of heaven.

I got the fish tacos -- they were fantastic.  A filet of blackened tilapia, slaw mix, pico, and this chipotle sauce.  Would absolutely recommend this to anybody that likes fish tacos -- sooooo good!

Kelly got the carnitas platter and my sister got the chopped salad.  I didn't try either of their dinner, but they both enjoyed theirs.

Our server was excellent -- she was attentive, without being annoying, and kept our glasses of iced tea full -- which was a good thing after being at the pool most of the day.

To sum it up -- good food, good service, and reasonable prices.
My recent , but admittedly brief, experience was terrific! The service was fast and friendly, the price was good, and the food was really, really good. 

A friend and I stopped for a brief appetizer and margarita before heading to the Lyle Lovett concert. Margaritas for $3.00 until 7 PM...YUM! I loved the chips and salsa. The chips are a mixed style and the salsa had an unusual, homemade flavor. We shared an order of chicken nachos and OMG...were they good. Whatever creamy sauce was added was a wonderful addition. 

The atmosphere was nice and open; the more modern Southwest style was a refreshing change. And like I said above, the service was friendly and quick.
Okay, so i had a friend in from CO and she wanted Southwestern cuisine so I suggested Sam's even though I hadn't been there in 10 years.  First they serve you with their version of chips and salsa and I don't think I will ever settle for regular chips and salsa ever again after this. There were 4 different chips..2 had various spices, one had the taste of powdered sugar and the last were sweet potato. Each combined with the salsa was a bite of culinary delight. I ordered the Ahi tuna sandwich and was satisfied with my selection. However my friend ordered the black and blue quesadilla and it was beyond fantastic! Defintiely recommend even if just for cocktails and their chips. Oh I almost forgot.. you get a stick of white chocolate wrapped in a husk with your check! So either way you WILL be having dessert. ;)
What a pleasant surprise! I went here for a friends birthday dinner and were greeted with a friendly smile and "hello."  Chips and salsa lined the table and were a mix or corn and blue corn, and i think some of them had been rolled in cinnamon and pepper. I had to force myself to stop eating them. 
A friend and I ordered chicken fajitas and we wanted to split the entree and the server brought us out two plates with the guac., sour cream, etc on both plates. That was nice. The beans and rice were delicious, the server had a pleasant attitude (and I could tell she had a lot going on) and she kept my water full. 
She brought out a dessert tray and told us about each item. THEN after she brought the check she came back with little white chocolate tamales for everyone! (White chocolate in a corn husk.) Holy cow! How awesome is that!
A friend of mine is in town and staying at the Ritz Carlton on Camelback. In meeting up, we ventured across the street and found Sam's Caf. The menu was big and many things looked good. I was busy looking at the spacious dining area and the food options when the waitress arrived. My friend went with the raspberry margarita while I had  1/2 coke,  1/2 diet coke. 

The waitress was very attentive and dropped by many times to make sure we were fine. The chips and salsa were amazing! I saw some Yelp reviews on my phone that talked about the chips. I thought really? They are chips! Can they really be that exciting? Damn skippy! In fact, most of the time I didn't even put them in salsa-  they were so good just by themselves. 

My friend ordered the Red Rock Meatloaf served with peppers, bacon and onions, mashed potatoes and she swapped spinach in place of the corn on the cob. I went with the Applewood Smoked Pecan Salmon. Damn! It was salmon with pecans, there was a side spinach and the salmon was served on a bed of mashed sweet potatoes and a red papaya and serrano chile sauce. I detected something else that seemed like slightly spicy apple sauce, but I don't know what it was.

An excellent meal, nice atmosphere, descent area and above average service. Each entre was about $17 and the margarita was $6.50. No room for dessert - with the exception of the white chocolate tamale brought out with the bill, but the tray showed several items. Maybe next time?
Came out to Phoenix for an interview and they brought us HERE for lunch........ omg *drool*

The chips were amazing, especially the ones that were seasoned with pepper and other deliciousness. I had the salmon and a bite of the steak. SOSOSOSOSO good. Ahhh I want their chips now. 

Also. The chocolate tamales were a sweet fare-thee-well. Yum.
Taco Bell, Taco Bell, Taco hell how does your garden grow, with all the grease you serve in your food I just don't know!!  It seems taco bell through out my life goes through cycles of crapness to craptastic!  

So like 20 years ago, it was like you ordered taco bell you would get grease tacos with some lettuce and something that resembled cheese. 

Then like 10 years ago it was like "Yo Quiro Taco Bell" with that little annoying fucking Chihuahua which was OK Taco Bell was kind of hip and tasted craptastic, remember according to the movie Demolition Man with Sly all restaurants will eventually turn into Taco Bells...this thankfully will never happen. 

And once again Taco Bell is now crapness food that is similar  to Filberto's only good if you are somewhat drunk and nothing else is open. I told myself I would never go here again after gas prices got up to around 4 bucks and I went in to order two chicken soft taco supremes, and it was like 6 bucks for just the two of them, and I was like are you fn kidding me? They said they had to raise their prices due to the rising cost of fuel.

This is right about the time they came out with their value menu of you can get a tortilla filled with baby poop for 79 cents campaign, I recently made the mistake of hitting the drive thru one hungry drunk night and  remembered why I vowed never to go there again.

My check was like 10 bucks for what I think were 4 soft tacos and a large drink, they could have been something someone puked into a tortilla with some lettuce and some bile for that matter, I was sick for two days...literally.

 I will never go to this location again, except maybe to protest the poisoning of the people by a huge corporation...eat here at your own risk it could be your last meal.
Once again I went to this location with the same results...they totally screwed up my order, I got a grilled chicken stuffed burrito, this thing was literally all tortilla and nothing else folded and burned into what kind of resembled a burrito. Garbage seriously tastes better then anything at this location. I have lost all faith in Taco Bell. SERIOUSLY NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
First of all... the 5 star review is for this location and staff only. 

All you people that were dissatisfied with the way your food tasted were going into the food experience at TacoBell with way too high of expectations to begin with. It's fast food, hello! It's not gonna be awesome. I mean you are paying less than a buck for some of the stuff on the menu. I doubt anyone goes here unless they are broke, in a hurry or drunk. 

I have to give this location props tho, they are super nice and friendly. Always a "Hello, welcome, how is your day going?" when I pull up to the drive through. Big smiles when I get to the window. Then the topper, "Have a great day, come back and see us soon!" I mean seriously, they are great! I am usually there once a week, usually after a long day and they always seem to perk me up. 

After the less than two words spoken and sour faces I get at Wendy's this place is awesome. Seriously, go compare the two places and tell me I am not spot on. 

Happy Belling! :-)
Every time I've gotten pizza here I've had to either wait 10 min or it was past the time it should be served by. At least when i waited i knew the pizza was hot out of the oven!
What can you say about Taco Bell other than fresh and still reasonably affordable. Consistently quality food. Wish there were more around to be honest...:)
Taco Bell has really improved over the years as they are simply the cheapest fast food option.  Most locations are serving up bigger portions such as their bean burritos.

Few years ago you buy a burrito and would get very little beans and taste mostly tortilla.  However, today you buy a burrito and you can enjoy your beans and sauce from the first bite to the last for just 99 cents.

I love their tostadas and even those are loaded now !
i never thought i would say this but i hated this place they were disrespectful messed up my order and accused me of lying showed my receipt and got no apology or anything i almost hauled off and slapped her ass
Had to call the police to get a refund for my food we waited 15 minutes the food did not come. I asked for a refund they reefused so I had to call the police when the police got there they gave me my refund I have never had to call the police on any kind of establishment before.NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE!!
A Taco Bell is a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. Or is it?  This location is a favorite. It's close by. They are consistent. They are quick. I love me anything volcano. I wish they had the pizza hut with it.
I have been here many times, especially with the Dbacks special (6 runs in a game, 3 free tacos with large drink purchase)  this location is also relevantly close to my house (within walking distance) 
as far as their food goes, I have never had a problem with the food, it always tastes good enough. 
all of the staff is friendly (most of the time) I have never had any real problem with any of the workers.
They are as fast as they should be for a fast food restaurant, never had to wait more than a few minutes to receive my order from the time I arrive
one thing about this particular location that does bother me is that there are homeless people (different people on different occasions) that hang out near the dumpster... In my opinion management should do something to run them off or in a recent case of crazed hobo the employee told someone I know to calm down and it's ok if the crazy hobo comes up and talks to their car because he was a "Mentally disturbed" homeless war vet. in my opinion that makes it even worse.
A few weird experiences isn't gonna stop me from going here although they may not considering there is a taco bell at cave creek/bell.
Can you really go wrong with a bean burrito? I love them here.  They are cheap which makes it even better.  Their hard taco supreme and enchritos are also the bomb.  Obviously I cannot eat here everyday or I'd be the size of a blimp - so this place is for when I am feeling super lazy and do not want to cook - or as a late night, I've been out too long kind of meal.
As this is the closet Taco Bell to me, I'm forced to eat here whenever I crave Mexican Fast Food. 

Although it is indeed Fast Food, the results I receive from this restaurant are consistently abysmal. Numerous order mistakes, poor customer service, and sluggish service are all to be accepted here.
NOTE- 5 stars for a fast food place, not the Phoenician.

Thought this location deserved an updated review, in light of the current ones posted.  

Been twice to this location in the last week- once eat in with my kids and once drive through.

Both time, our orders were accurate.  Everything was very fresh and seemingly prepared moments earlier- taco shells crunchy, hot things hot, cold things cold.  Lettuce fresh and crisp, Mexican Pizza bubbling with heat.   

The staff on duty this Sunday afternoon were friendly and sharp.  while we ate our lunch, I noticed that on two separate occasions, someone came out to wipe tables and check trash.  No complaints here. 

I have a theory- with the Fry's Marketplace (sharing the same parking lot) recently remodeled, there is a huge draw of traffic to this location.  Perhaps the Taco Bell got their act together so as to not lose easy business.  No matter the  reason, they appear to have pulled it together nicely.
i usually get sick from taco hell food but i love their caramel, apple empanadas. they taste like street fair food! so good!

i also like their frozen lemonade-based refreshing drinks...
As far as Taco Bell go, this place is pretty great (you could say it is .....  SUPREME! Ha).   

The place is clean, the staff is friendly and smiley, they speak English I can understand, and the drive thru is always open. What more do you need? Of the 5 or so times that I have been here I don't think they've ever messed up my order at all -- which is pretty great considering it is a Taco Bell!
When you are hungry and want something different, Taco Bell is a great place to go.  The Cool Ranch Taco's are o.k., and the staff member at the register was very helpfull and polite.  He also had a great character and made placing our order and wait pleasent.
This Taco Bell is located very close to Paradise Valley, which is evident because the Fry's supermarket that shares the same parking lot offers complimentary Valet Parking....LOL.

When I walked up to the counter, there was no cashier present.  I stood and waited for a few minutes...and waited....and waited.  I finally snapped this photo because I was bored.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-phoenix-13?select=B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5g#2hQRkmgKs5nxkjs9eXNnxg

When he finally showed up, I ordered my regular 7 Layer Burrito and 2 Bean Burritos.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-phoenix-13?select=B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5g#B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5g

The food came out fast and accurate.  They were a little sloppy making the Bean Burritos as they had red sauce on the outside of the tortilla....which makes for a sloppy meal.  I would've expected better service from a restaurant so close to PV.

Overall, it wasn't too bad, but it was inconsistent.

Return Factor - 20%
I don't expect much from any fast food restaurant.  Truth be told, no honest person does.  It's fast food.  If we wanted a lot, we would just make it ourselves.  What I do expect, and what most people expect is reliability.  That's it... reliability.

That is something that this particular location of Taco Bell sorely lacks.  I have been there at 10:30, and they're open.  I have been there at 11:55, and they're open.  I even asked the hours once.  I was told that Sunday-Thursday, this location is open until 12:00AM, and on the weekends, they are open until 1:00AM.  Yet... they are unreliable...I wonder if the owner knows their staff closes early?

Out of the last six times I have been to this location - on a weeknight - between 11:00 and 11:30 - they have been closed.  Sometimes they are open... sometimes they are closed.  You never know with this place.  If the owner were to check the power bill by the hour and see when the bill dropped off, they would be aware because the signs are off, the exterior lights are off, and the interior lights are off.  Don't advertise you are open if you're not going to be open.

I went by tonight at 11:10PM and everything was off.  I work in a restaurant and don't want to go home and cook for myself on the nights that I work because I spend 8 hours cooking for other people while I'm at work.  I really wanted Taco Bell tonight, but because of the unreliability of this location, I spent my money elsewhere.  

I really just hope the owner of this location gets a handle on the hours of their store.  Inconsistency is not okay.  If the employees want to close at 11:00 like they apparently did tonight (like I said, the sign-lights were off, the drive thru lights were off, the interior lights were off... on the whole, the place screamed, "Don't spend your money here!"), then that is fine... just be open about it.  Don't promise the public hours and don't deliver.

I know this is a long review for Taco Bell, but I kept pulling for this place to get it together.  After four months of never knowing what the hours were going to be at this location, I finally convinced myself to write a review.  In a simple phrase... "This location lacks on the most important function of customer service: Consistency.  There is none."
I hate to be a dick. And by that, I mean giving a Taco Bell a poor rating on Yelp. But there are just some things that need to be brought to attention. 

This Taco Bell is extremely close to my house, which makes it an easy stop for a quick lunch or dinner or even snack. Two separate times I've been here come to mind. 

One was late on a Tuesday night, and my boyfriend and I decided to order at the counter and eat in the dining area. In our order, we asked for two sides of their nacho cheese. The young kid at the counter (who was polite) told us that there wasn't any nacho cheese, no big deal. He told us to hold on a minute, went into the back and asked his manager (we could hear him) where she told him just to tell us that we were out. Kind of suspicious..? Just tell them we're out? Huh. Okay. So we sat down, and about two minutes later the kid comes out and says that now they do have nacho cheese. Wow. Miracles do happen. Or, the management staff just made and employee lie to customers. It's called business ethics, people. She could have told him to say "It'll be ready soon" or "Sure we're just making it right now" but no, he was told to lie. Which is not his fault at all, but is the fault of the management staff. Food that day was nothing to get excited about. It's all Taco Bell and honestly you can't expect much. 

The second time we came here, we went to the drive through and in our order ordered 2 orders of cinnamon twists. We got home, luckily not far away, to find out that the cinnamon twists were shorted from our order. We drove back, and the same kid was at the drive through. He was nice enough to toss in a free cinnamon twist bag. However, when we got home my boyfriend nearly broke a tooth on one of the "cinnamon twists" that was actually an uncooked rotini-style pasta noodle covered in the cinnamon sugar. This was the part of the meal that really upset me. Taco Bell does not carry anything remotely close to pasta, meaning that the noodle had to have been placed in there on purpose or by some extremely odd and rare accident... It could have resulted in something extremely dangerous (breaking a tooth), but we were lucky enough that his pain was just temporary. Pictures of the noodle will be posted shortly.
4 stars just because how could I give Taco Bell 5??

To start, I am biased towards food wrapped in a tortilla..  I love it..  Put pizza or ice cream in a tortilla, and it is just that much better.  Short of the extreme of the Taco Time SNL sketch (google it), wrap my meal in a tortilla to go!

Ok, as for Taco Bell, for the most part you know what you are going to get.  While I have had a few 7-layer burritos that were "off" in the past, for the most part, there is little surprise.

I just want to commend this particular location because it is probably the busiest Taco Bell I have ever seen.  Any day M-F and this place is a mad house at lunch time.  Thankfully, they are super fast on servicing both the "Here" and "To Go" orders..  

That's it..  4 starts for a Taco Bell that delivers the highest quality of crap fast food mexican at the fastest pace!
Just an update..  This Taco Bell is still the best..  I mean, as far as Taco Bell goes..  Tortillas were very soft and fresh, almost like they were bought locally..  The staff was very friendly.  My order was done quickly, and everything tasted as good as taco bell can make it..
I disagree, this Taco Bell is NOT the best. They FOOL you into THINKING it's the best because they repeat your order back to you in the drive-thru, in the order that  you ordered the items, and then you feel confident that they got it right, then you pull up to the window and they repeat it to you AGAIN, giving you MORE false confidence, and then you check the bag and everything LOOKS right, then you drive all the way home and discover you've got the wrong items, things you didn't order, wrapped to label what you asked for. 
Granted, at the end of the day, it's all the Bell and pretty much the same. So you eat it anyway. But you still harbor resentment for the trickery.
4 stars for a Taco Bell?  Yes and here is why -

The line at the drive-thru during lunch hour Monday - Friday moves pretty darn fast!  No matter how long that line is they get you in and out. Scott, the gentleman that is at the first window is always pleasant and friendly. He's always got something nice to say and does it with a smile.  When you arrive at the second window to pick up your food again you are greated with a smile.  Most of the time I am asked how may day is going which is sure more than I can say for most fast food drive thru places.  The staff here really does care about their customers.  And if you go inside it's the same way.  They are busy but fast.  It seems the manager has a cohesive team here that works well together.  That is a rare thing in fast food.  I have never had a bad meal here and everything is fresh and hot. This is probably the best Taco Bell I have ever been to and I will continue to give this one my business.  It's close to my office and a great, cheap option for lunch.  Thanks Taco Bell!
Ok foodies' don't judge me to harshly. Had to meet a coworker for a quick meeting. This store it clean, well run and filled with high profile biz folks in a hurry. 

While the chain is improving the their reputation globally as possible this store showcases that a fast food chain can deliver in a pinch. Great job.
This is the best Taco Bell in the area. I've been addicted to The Bell for years and like to enjoy it every now and then. This place is open early and closes late which works great for someone who's freelance work hours are all over the place like mine. The food is always accurate and fast. If I'm in a mood for Taco Bell ill be sure to come to this location.
Outdated look, slow service, half star for gud customer service... I think ud get ur food faster going thru drive thru, which ill happily take next time I come here :)
I love this location.  The staff is always awesome and super friendly, especially at night :)  Out of the Taco Bell's I've been to in Phoenix, this is definitely my favorite for that very reason.
horrible service, in the drive thru the girl spills soda on me and instead of saying she is SORRY she says WELL HOW WAS I TO KNOW THERE WAS SODA ON THE LID? 
then she just walks off, doesn't offer me a napkin or say anything else, just left it for someone else to address... 
NEVER AGAIN!
Only REAL reason we went there cuz my wife found a $5 coupon. So, we went. I did not have any big expectations and therefore was not disappointed. 

This joint is exactly what you would expect from this kind of chain places - Large, busy, kid infested, loud, etc We got this little girl waitress who had other little girl in tow for training. They did OK, if not were very prompt to remove dirty dishes from the table. 

Food was alright. Nothing to write home about. You basic run of the mill chain grade Mexican food. Maybe, a bit on the tastier side of the scale, to be honest. 

My Corona was good as was my wife's Rita. 

All in all, one CAN go there but should one? With abundance of good Mexican eateries around there seems to be no real reason to go to a chain one. 

"Its alrite"

Eugene
Yuck

Two stars because the margaritas were tasty.  The food was horrible.

Everything tasted pre-made, pre-packaged, and horrifically commercial.  Yuck!
I'm not big on chain restaurants, but sometimes you have no other choice but to eat at them.
My husband and I ate here last Friday as we just couldn't decide on a place to eat and since we were across the street from On The Border we just said "let's go there."
We had eaten here once before about a year ago and I remember the food being ok, but not good enough to make me good back sooner than a year later. 
I ordered the empanadas (sp?), which were decent, but all I kept thinking was "I know this is  pre packaged frozen food" and the queso dip is clearly Tostino's brand dip. My husband tried one of their new chimichangas and he said it was pretty decent. 
The one thing I really liked about our visit was their version of a mojito. They call it a Mexican mojito and it was pretty tasty. Instead of rum they use tequila. 
The staff was friendly and accomodating. The manager even came by and gave us a coupon for a free app on our next  visit.
The place was very busy and loud and one very unhappy child that wanted everyone to know just how unhappy he was. 
The food wasn't too bad, but I've had better and I will probably go back mainly to use the free app coupon.
Shame on me for going to a chain Mexican restaurant in Arizona. 

I must hang my head and sigh. 

My defense? I was in the Ahwatukee area, I was SO SO hungry, and my friend really wanted a margarita. Then, she ended up not even ordering a margarita! Oh well.

I ordered the cheese and onion enchiladas (I was craving a grilled cheese sandwich, so cheese enchiladas sort of fit the bill). They were not very good. It tasted as if they pulled a corn tortilla from a package, put the cheese and onions inside, poured room temperature sauce on top, and put it in the microwave for a minute. 

I hate paying for food at a restaurant when I could have made it better at home.

Don't go here. 

Really.
Plenty of eye candy here!  The HR person apparently uses that as a primary hiring criteria.  In fact, our young waiter was "so cute" that my wife wouldn't let me send my order back, even though two of the four plates come with something other than what we ordered.  My freind sent his back anyway.  If it wasn't for the cuteness factor, I'd have to give them two stars.  

We had margaritas and beer, and the beer was the only thing with any alchohol content.  Buyer beware.

The salsa was excellent, and the food was good, but there didn't seem to be anything authentic about it.
Yeah, yeah, I know..chain restaurant. But come on people, you know that going in, right? 
My husband got a 'gift card' from someone for this restaurant so we decided to spend it last night. The place is cheesy from the get go...the crazy psuedo mariachi music was irritating. However, the service was very good and we got exactly what we expected...and a little more. 
We ordered house margaritas and the 'made at your table' guacamole. Both were really good. The chips were warm and crunchy and plentiful and the salsa was OK. Good start. 
My husband ordered fajitas that were plentiful and 'pretty good' according to him. I ordered the fish tacos...also pretty tasty. Both were served with pretty bland black beans and rice. 
Yes, there were lots of kids and noise and please God, turn off that crazy music...but really when you can have a pretty good meal for that $50 gift card I am satisfied.
Despite the crappy reviews, I have to say I'm a fan of this place!

Met a co-worker here for happy hour (which is M-F 3-7p), and was pleasantly surprised by the decent service, cheap drinks ($3.25 mixed well and even less for huge draft beers that the hubby was drinking), and 1/2 price appetizers.  We ordered 2 apps, the Firecracker Stuffed Jalapenos (YUM) and the chicken quesadilla (double YUM).  Perhaps we were just really hungry, but at like $4 each they were awesome!!!

Also, their salsa is no joke.  It's tasty and spicy, just how I like it.  I only wish they had stopped bringing us the "bottomless chips" because I just kept eating that salsa all night.  I would say that their salsa would be on my top 10 list...  Hmm, speaking of a list...

Anyway, if you're in the area and are looking for a good, cheap happy hour, give this place a chance.
Ate here several times and the only decent food is the rice. The service is good and the margaritas are good, but everything else sucks. If you are looking for good mexican food, this shouldn't be your choice!
when i go here i usually get the Grilled pepper jack chicken enchilladas with beans and rice and i really enjoy it.
the service is fine meaning they could be a little more attentive but other than that its great
i really like sitting outside outlooking the street (at night only) because its great scenery
I'm disappointed that people actually go here with all of the other choices around. If you're accustomed to the spicier flavors found in the southwest, the food at this restaurant will taste bland. 

The chips and salsa are nothing special- it's very much like buying a bag of yellow corn tortilla chips and name-brand salsa and putting it in a bowl. I've had the enchiladas here (the sauce is very tomato-y) and a couple of different combination platters with tacos, chile relleno, tostada etc. Overall, everything was very bland and uninteresting. I don't eat rice and beans unless they're particularly tasty, needless to say I took one bite of each and left them alone. I've also had an appetizer sampler with quesadillas, nachos, and taquitos- it was tasty while drinking but for the price, it's a better deal to put such a snack together at home. 

The redeeming factor of this restaurant is its patio. It's set up in such a way that very little sun gets in, and there are misters all over. The breeze blows just right so it's always nice and cool outside, even in the middle of the summer. 

This might be a good option to come for some drinks and hang out on the patio, but don't expect to be impressed with good Mexican food- you are looking in the wrong place!
Cold drinks, chips on the patio, great service from Rosco, kid friendly and the brownie sundae was terrific! 

Just enough authenticity in the food and decor to entice thoughts of a taking a trip to Mexico.
We decided to end our Summer Vacation at On The Border!

Josh took excellent care of us!  We sat on the patio all by ourselves! 

The chips were really great and the salsa was a bit more intense than usual, which was fabulous. We found out OTB doesn't have pickles for their kid's burger.  The Mahi Mahi grilled tacos are really tasty. 

It was a great ending to our Summer Vacation fun!
What a sad experience. We stopped by the restaurant tonight around 6:30pm in celebration of our first date 13 years ago at On The Border. It didn't look too busy. The hostes welcomed us, grabbed our menus and started walking us to one of the many open tables. The manager suddenly walked up and told her not to seat anyone including us, told her to tell guests there was a 10 to 15 minute wait. We decided to wait. We waited for 20 minutes and the manager came out a few more times telling the hostesses not to seat anyone. After about 25 minutes we left. For a Friday night they were so understaffed, even for a partially filled restaurant. Kudos for the hostesses who were very apologetic.
Went to this location a couple of weeks ago for my husband's birthday. I was pretty disappointed this time around. Usually OTB is pretty good. The waitress was a bit of a pain. When she was getting our drink orders I had asked what drink choices do they have since I could not find any listing in the menu. She proceeded to again- in a much ruder tone- ask again what are we going to be ordering. After that whole thing, it took forever to get our food back even though there was hardly anyone in the resturant at the time. Then she didn't ask any of us if we needed any refills seeing that 6 out of 11 of us had ran out of our sodas ages ago. Probably won't be going back to this location for quite awhile...
Ok, here's a different take on this place than what I've been reading in some of the other reviews!

I stopped in for lunch today, & found it to be very nice inside.  I immediately received a friendly greeting from the hostess & was seated in a comfortable high-backed booth to my liking.  Soon, my server, "Ali", greeted me with a BIG bowl of delicious chips with a cup of tasty salsa.

The menu is set up very well & has lots of selections.  I ordered a Combo, to include Chicken Tortilla Soup, a Chile Relleno, & a shredded beef hard taco as my main items, plus black beans & Spanish Rice for the sides.

Pretty soon my main food items arrived, & I started with the Chicken Tortilla Soup.  It was delicious, with white chicken meat, long slices of avocado, tomato pieces, thin Zucchini slices, rice, delicious Queso Asadero, & of course, tortilla strips.

Whoever said the food here is bland must not have ordered a Chile Relleno.  Mine was fiesty, made with a NuMex Big Jim Pepper, filled with lots of Queso Oaxaca, completely coated with a thick batter, & then deep-fried.  It was crispy on the outside, yet not greasy.  There was also a cup of Chipotle Salsa on the side, to put on top if you like.  It was unusual & good!

*  The shredded beef taco was large, made just right, delicious, & the shell was nowhere near "Taco Bell style"!

*  The Spanish Rice was fluffy & good, & the black beans were beautiful, with just the right spices, pieces of tomato, & topped with Queso Fresco.  (Hey, I'm half Cuban & I know good black beans!)

On top of all this, the service from Ali was perfect & the price for this feast LOW at $8.99 for everything!     :-))
First let me tell you that I love Mexican food, I've eaten some in Mexico as well as Arizona, and I have developed a good palette for 'spicy.' However - I go to a restaurant like On The Border the same way a film buff should approach a Michael Bay movie. I know what I'm getting and I'm not going to act all surprised when it's not the best I've ever had.

That said - I thoroughly enjoyed my trip to On The Border and would return in a heartbeat (especially for happy hour).

Went with a girlfriend for happy hour and ordered a half-price appetizer in the form of their steak quesadilla. It was very large despite the price and really delicious. I used to have a few quesadillas a week during my "cheese, cheese, and more cheese" phase growing up - so I hold quesadillas to a pretty high standard. This was a delicious start to the meal.

The girlfriend ordered the pulled-pork baja fajita with salsa, I ordered the chimichanga with beef and queso underneath. Couldn't resist a Dos Equis Ambar for $2.25. They brought it in a goblet that was frozen and as a result there was a bit of slush at the top of the glass but really, when your only complaint is that "the beer was too cold," you know you've had a good dinner.

I had a few bites of hers and completely devoured mine, which was an impressive feat considering I had eaten most of the quesadilla earlier. Everything was delicious and tasted very fresh. The queso under my chimichanga added just the right amount of spice and I was lucky to have arctic-chilled brew in arm's reach.

Like Rand before me, I'm not exactly surprised by the negative reviews I've read for this location but that certainly wasn't my personal experience at this On The Border. Can't wait to go back.
LIVE GUACAMOLE!!!  ..you must order this.

That's the reason to come here.. Ok, also their brisket tacos are insane.  I would give this more stars, but Im not a huge fan of their tortilla chips and they dont have cheese crisps on the menu.  You can still order one.
This is the only Mexican food restaurant you can go to and NOT find a Mexican either cooking or eating. I grew up eating "mexican food" this place is on the border just not sure which one. That being said there are some items on the menu which are good, but it's mexicanesque at best. I mean good food just don't get a craving for authentic mexican food and expect to satisfy it here.
After a 6 1/2 hour shopping spree with my sister, we were tired and hungry. We decided to try this place since niether of us had ever been there. The place was clean and comfortable, very cute. The staff was very pleasant and our server was the nicest!! The chips and salsa were very good! Our entree's had a great presentation and was very filling! I had the Dos XX Fish Tacos, with rice and black beans, they were pretty good but not amazing!! My sister has some chicken enchiladas which were yummy. This place is cool, I will have to go back and check out their Happy Hour!! Although, if you are looking for authentic Mexican, this would not be the place.
First of all I gotta start by commenting on all the white people trying to "rate" this place cuz they don't know REAL mexican food. They just need to shut up! Secondly, there is no good mexican food in AZ. This place is by far the best place I've found, the fajitas r good, the nachos r good, the chicken flautas r good. No complaints, after all this is AZ...
A-OK about says it all.  I can't say much else about this place.  Their food isn't bad, but the problem is that you've got a chain Mexican restaurant in the middle of Arizona.  Now, if I were back in Pennsylvania, I'd be like, "Yay! I'm going to get some Mexican food at On the Border because it is slightly more Mexican than Chili's."  But I'm not.  So go to Los Dos Molinos, or Macayos, or Serranos, or Espos, or Elmer's, or Los Favoritos... Si Senor?  El Zocalo?  Filiberto's?  Nando's?  Seriously...
This place seems hit or miss. Last time our meal was two-star. Today it was four.  The chips were hot, the salsa flavorful with just a tiny bit of heat.  We ordered off the lunch menu, and our food came reasonably quickly.

My chimi was tasty, but they skimped on the green chile sauce.  My wife's enchilada combo was very nice also.  Service was speedy and friendly.

A good experience.
The food was pretty good. Their sides are better than a lot of "Mexican" places. I only gave it three stars because it's close to several other Mexican restaurants all of which have much better drinks and drink specials. The atmosphere was nice but my husband hated all the tacky gazing orbs. They might've been xmas decorations, though. Everything was good and I know I'll go back, but only because I can walk there. Great service from everyone we interacted with and all of the staff were very thoughtful and informative.

UPDATE: I've upped the review a star since going back. Their $9.99 pick 3 combo really is a great deal. I'll be back again!
We visited OTB with our family friends and had a blast! Our server graciously added extra chips to our table with the four hungry kids, always a plus for families! 

We enjoyed several great dishes. Yes OTB is a chain and serves chain Mexican dishes. Their chips are always thin & crisp and the salsa has a small bite to it (depending on the jalapeo season). Of all the entrees we tried, we liked the pulled pork fajitas were the best. OTB has added several additions to their menu. 

Our server, Lisa, took great care of us, good food and great company.
Never had a bad experience here, at least not yet anyway. The salsa is always super yummy. Try the XX Equis fish tacos. Deeeeelish!
The food was good, there happy hour is pretty good. They forgot about our food but then they were quick to get it out
Take-out works just as well as eating in!  I ordered my usual Fajita Salad w/ steak and it was delicious.

They send you home with plenty of chips and salsa, so you don't miss out on the freebies!
Yummy! Great prices, excellent value. Chips and salsa are fantastic, and the food was awesome. Great for families- we'll be going back.
We have been coming here for years.  This time the food was great as usual but the service was terrible.  Waited 20 min to order then had a waitress change before we got our food.  The place was not that busy to have such poor service.  They need to step it up a notch or we will stop coming.  I will give it another try and let everyone know how it is.
This is a much better mexican place than the overall score would lead you to believe.  

The service is pretty great.  No waiting to have your drinks refilled and always cheerful and pleasant staff.  The restaurant itself is clean and has a nice decor with the required Dos X most interesting man in the world cut out.  They have a nice patio  to eat,drink a beer or hang out.

The food here has always been better than I would expect from a chain mexican restaurant. They seem to do a much better job than the other chains in the area.  The salsa is a bit hotter than you would expect, which is always welcome, with some very good chips. The lunch combos offer a few non-meat choices with some excellent tostadas.

Try:

- Tostadas
- Enchiladas
Thought we'd bring out of town friends to OTB. I guess they changed the menu, the food was marginal. We were a party of 6 and had to wait 20 minutes, for a Thursday night, I was surprised the wait was so long. And it wasn't busy, they scrambled for 20 minutes trying to figure out where to put us. The waiter did bring chips and salsa right away after we got our table, and did take our drink orders. Shortly later, our alcoholic drinks arrived, I guess the bar was backed up..? again, the place was dead..? 
overall, we will probably never go back, there are way better choiced for mexican food. I was pretty disappointed..
Made it back for another meal and the service was much better.  Food was very good.  The free chips and salsa are a plus.  I am giving them back a star.
Lots of nice spicy salsa. Quick service, but we were there at 3pm, so it's not like they were busy.
Salsa and chips pretty good. Really enjoyed the sampler platter and all you can eat enchiladas (only $8.99).
I was debating on whether or not to give OTB 3 or 4 stars because the food is just okay but the service was great last night and the drinks were very good so 4 it is. 

I had the cheese enchiladas last night with black beans and rice. The enchiladas were okay, the sauce was a little thick but not bad. The salsa is spicy which I like and I like to pour it on top of my enchiladas so this helped with the thickness of the sauce a bit. Our waitress was nice and very attentive. I ordered a Corona Light and she brought out a frosty glass to pour it in which was a nice touch.

I will visit this location again because the portions are good at a good price. Not necessarily my favorite Mexican restaurant in town but it's good.
This restaurant is off my list for good. There was a time in different states that I would have considered them pretty good. Things have changed and it appears to be nationwide. The service was terrible...we received the "what do you want, your bothering me" attitude from our young female server on an early Saturday night last weekend. Our biggest clue should have been the now hiring sign that we joked about in the parking lot hoping it wasn't cooks. Our order was incorrect and I'm fairly positive the chicken in my 3 sauce burrito was frozen. It was perfectly cubed and had a squishy consistency. My friends veggie burrito came with chunks of partially cooked zucchini, squash and red peppers. The rice was just as bad.
The only thing I found appealing were the re fried beans. 
Add a $5 draft beer and voila, unhappy customer.
Great place for some great Mexican food. I have been to both this location as well as the one in mesa and both are great. The food is great and the happy hour options are endless. I love eating outside the few times a year we can and they have a great area. TV's misteres, and heaters. Great for all year round.
Dietcoke chips salsa and guac yummy.  Food was cold.  well not cold but my cheese had hardened cause it was no longer hot.  and the waitress never came to check on us.  The manager was really nice and apologetic.  But it sucks on friday night to have a s... meal.
For a chain place not that bad-but typical chain Mexican food.  Nothing special. I do have a question though. Do you ever dust the lamps?  You could see the dust on the post that hangs the lamps all the way up to the top.  Kind of nasty.
this is the last time I eat here. last time there was a dirty folded receipt in the chips. taco tuesday get chrispy taco that was only 25 percent full. first time they served enchiladas with melted cheese that sat so long the cheese was no longer melted.  they obviously dont care about the product they serve
By far one of the worst meals I've had. The bathroom was backed up and all over the mats. That set the tone of my experience there
The service is terrible. I had to look around before someone noticed I needed something. A guy came over and sat across from me in my booth while taking my order. I found this to be odd behavior at this kind of restaurant. When he brought my water, he just placed it on my table while walking by, without so much as a nod or "here you go." Shortly thereafter a big bowl of chips was delivered by someone else and the salsa dish was maybe 1/3 full, and that server also just dropped it off and didn't even wait for me to say thank you - she just walked off quickly. Now, since I had already finished the meager salsa portion, I looked around and no one came by to ask if I needed more salsa or water, which I had also finished. I had to ask a manager who was talking with a hostess near the front door. He got me a full saucer of salsa, but I shouldn't have to seek out people at a restaurant to tell them my needs. The salsa is tasty, but the food was kind of boring and not quite the quality I expected walking into this place. I think my mouth gets more excited about a Taco Bell 7-Layer burrito. I don't think I'll go back to On the Border Mexican grill.
Not really a spot I'd chose, but in this strip of chain restaurants we were short on time and long on hunger. I'd give this 2 star in terms of food. 

On the brighter side, service was great and parking is plentiful.
I used to come here all the time for create your own combo and huge margaritas. I liked the plain ones frozen( they aren't afraid to pour the tequila in these babies)!!  Chips and salsa are very good, although not hot at all, so we would always pour hot sauce in to add a little heat. The cheese stuffed chile rellenos were good and cheesy, and the soft tacos were pretty good along with the empanadas.  Burritos are huge! Not really a fan of the beans, but you get to choose from refried or black beans, and they have other choices like veggies instead as sides.:)   Very good prices, servers are very friendly and would go back for the margs:) I would say 3 1/2 stars
Only went because we had a gift cards.  Otherwise, based on the yelp reviews and the fact that it is a chain restaurant we wouldn't have gone otherwise. 

The garbage can out front was so full it was spilling out on the sidewalk.
The free chips and salsa were okay.
The service was not very good at all - the restaurant was almost empty, lots of employees standing around and the food took FOREVER.
Kids menu options are good and inexpensive.  The meal comes with main dish, side dish, drink and dessert sundae.  
The lunch fajitas were good (except the veggies were cold and had to be remade.)  My son and I shared them and had more than enough food.
We were charged 99 cents for a side of queso which was not worth the money.
Drinks are $2.49 each!!  Pricey!
The kahlua mud pie was $6.50.  It wasn't bad but quite small for the price.  I much prefer the one at Elephant Bar and it is much bigger and less expensive.
Go for lunch. 

My folks live here, I live at Arribas. This place is delcious. Two item lunch combo and a tall drink makes for a great day with family and friends. Take your parents here, take a date here food is always cooked excellently, always busy, friendly, and great. 

Never have had issues eating here. Sometimes take out would mess up which you just have to make sure when you go for pick up to double check, they are busy. 

All and all the food is always good, I like the shredded beef tacos, the chicken chimichangas, Flautas, Dos XX or dare I say Margaritas in small punch bowels that will make you happy. 

If you haven't tried swing by, if you have visit sometime.
Perhaps my love of OTB comes from having worked at one for 3.5 years, making it feel a bit like a second home. The location didn't last in my town so I was excited to get my OTB fix (after 4 long years) while visiting my sister in Arizona.

The hostess was really nice and greeted us right away. Though quickly seated at a booth, it took quite a few minutes before a server came to ask if anyone had helped us yet. Seeing as no one had, he got our drink order (frozen house strawberry margarita! yesss!) and brought chips and salsa.

They straight up haven't changed the menu  in a long time, as everything was exactly how I remember. We had the Vegetable Fajita, Big Bordurrito, and Ranchiladas...all of which were awesome. Other good choices if you're in need of help: Grilled Avocado Enchilada, Southwest Chicken Tacos, Border Sampler, and Ultimate Fajita.

My sister and her bf have pretty much been disappointed by all the Mexican restaurants they've tried around Tempe since moving here 6 months ago, and while not authentic, she already wants to go back to OTB so she can get some Empanadas. This place rules!

One odd thing I can add is that when we asked about the free queso for joining the email club thing, the server said he didn't think they were honoring that and there had been a meeting recently in which a manager said they weren't giving away free quesos anymore...but there is a chalkboard advertising it in the front entrance of the restaurant. Sooo, they should come to a decision. Do know it'll take a few hours to receive your coupon by email - we had been asking for future reference since she lives close by.
there is no good mexican food in AZ. This place is by far the best place I've found, the fajitas r good, the nachos r good, the chicken flautas r good. No complaints, I will be back several more times...
The service, chips and salsa were fine then it all went South.  I had the La Bandera (3 enchiladas) and all of them were tasteless and the meat was tough.  I went because I had a gift card.  As much as I love free meals I would gladly have paid double for good food.
Came to this location of On The Border a couple of weeks ago with a gift card that we had received for Christmas. It was pretty awful. Service was extremely slow for starters and the chips were cold and overly salted.

I ordered a sampler plate with a cheese enchilada, beef taco and cheese crisp. It also included rice and beans. It took about 20 minutes to come out and when it did, it had a very long black hair right on the top of the beans. It was extremely visible and I do not know how no one could have noticed this before it was served. I understand that sometimes sh*t happens, but this was ridiculous and disgusting. I was quite turned off to the whole experience at this point. It took a good 10 minutes to get the attention of our waitress to bring out a different plate. She apologized and was quite embarrassed by the whole situation. She asked if I wanted another plate and I hesitantly agreed. About 15 minutes later I had a new plate. I really wasn't very hungry after all of that but I did try the cheese enchilada which was really just okay. The cheese crisp was semi cold and soggy.

I do not know what has happened lately but this place has gone down hill fast. I will no longer be dining here.
If negative were a rating, I would give them just that.  I have been to this place 3 time to say it basically sucks.  The food is horrible and so is the service.  My first trip here I only remember the service being bad but the food was alright.  However, I returned for a lunch trip and the food was cold and made my stomach hurt.  The chips and salsa are great though!  

I have avoided this place for years now.  However, the closing of the Macaroni grill (double gift card) and starvation brought me back.  And so, after we received our drinks we didnt see our waitress until mid-way through our meal.  We had to get help from another waiter.  When she finally decided to check on us, I sent my food back and the manager never made it to my table to see why!  We ordered the sampler and I hated it and my daughter got sick!

The service is so bad - You ever been to a place that the service was bad but they took your money super fast!?!?  Well this lady took our money and still took forever to return.  Why?  I was so ready to go.  I immediately remembered why I didn't want to go back!!!!
Good food but very unconsistent based on the cook of the day. Also portions are based on the cook off the day!
I don't know what's happened to Mexican food in America.... 

I used to eat at on the border a lot when I was in North Carolina and Georgia on the East Coast. I think there's only one or two in all of Arizona

I decided to go back and give it another shot... Because I remembered I love the salsa in the queso of dip.

The salsa is still awesome... But that cheese dip is like a goopy mess. 

1) salsa is great

2) cheese dip is not good at all anymore.  Actually it's better if you buy it in the grocery store in the jar and then heated yourself. It tasted better than what they serve supposedly fresh

3) the fish tacos were mediocre at best... They fried the fish they didn't offer a grilled option

It's American Mexican food... So it's worth three stars for what it is. But don't text suspect exceptional food. It's also a chain restaurant... However the food here was better than some local Mexican restaurants I've been to
It was my first time eating/ordering here.  I had a gift card and I ordered online.  Why because my kids decided to eat/play at next door Chick Fil A so it was convenient.  They have special parking for to go order pick ups, too.  Service was fair. My order was ready as posted about 20-25 mins after completing my online order.  The menu was extensive and intriguing/different than other mexican restaurants.  I ordered/created the 3 combo deal.  A chicken enchilada which was filled with chicken and 2 fish tacos.  Wow, when I opened my to go bag.  A huge portion/bag of chips! I mean a bowl full that you'd actually get at a table if you ate in.  Plus salsa (which was med spicy) The chicken enchilada was tasty and creamy.  The fish taco was also a good portion and filled with cabbage.  It didn't come with lime wedges but it was soo good and filling that I didn't even finish the 2nd taco.  I think it was also because I finished the refried beans.  I only took a bite of the rice/corn, which was good but I was already full.  So all of this was in my to go bag and all for $12 and some change.  Wow, so much food in comparison to Rubios' prices.  I've got leftovers for tomorrows lunch! I can't wait to try their margaritas next time I eat in.
Great food, place and service!!!

I been here more than 20 times last 8 years. Never disappointed!
I've been coming to this location almost right after they opened. I always enjoyed their food and service. After all these years, I keep on coming back for more! Jeanine was our favorite server until she moved to the Mesa location and now we have 
Christine who is always on top of her game!  A couple of  suggestions: Easy on the salt! you can always add salt to the chips. I assume most people like salty chips but If you decide to stop adding salt to the chips, announce it as part of a "healthier decision". The second suggestion is to have a mild salsa if your only salsa is going to be this hot. (I always put a sugar packet to make it milder). Your new additions to the menu are tasty and well made. Keep up the good work!
I love this place...always have, always will! 

Each time I've been here, I've had very good service and delicious meals! One year, I even came here for my birthday and that was awesome! 

Love the food and staff and will continue to come back time and time again!
Taco Bell is Taco Bell...
God, I'm reviewing Taco Bell.
My husband picked me up a nachos bel grande, I think it's the fanciest nacho they have on the menu (feel free to correct me if I'm wrong).
By fancy I mean meat (I wonder if they're still using pink slime meat), beans, nacho cheese, tomatoes and sour cream shlopped on a handful of chips.
Why are you rating TB's nachos you ask? They frickin loaded this sucker with toppings. Seriously loaded it so much that I had more shlop than chips. Usually you have to take a plain chip and steal the toppings from another chip, in the end the original chip with toppings is nothing but a soggy floppy chip.
Not this nacho bel grande, not this Taco Bell.
GO TB!
How do you review Taco Bell? They are all pretty much the same. I come here for lunch sometimes and it's ok. The location is in a high traffic area. The thing that bugs me is they serve ice tea, but no lemons just limes...really just limes?
Yay!   I love to eat a variety of burritos and this Taco Bell makes them just the way I would make it if I were making 6 burritos, but they make it all in one with some magical process I can't fathom!

You see, you order a Burrito Supreme.  When you begin to eat it you will be surprised to discover that it is only a Sour Cream Burrito.  How cool is that!  A sour cream burrito!

But then you have another bite and Wow!  The very same Sour Cream Burrito has somehow transformed into a Lettuce Burrito!  How refreshing is that!  A Lettuce Burrito to chase a Sour Cream Burrito!  Perfect cool summer fare!

But then you have another bite of this magical Burrito Supreme and Zowie!  You are now eating an Onion and Diced Tomato Burrito!  Again, how brilliant and refreshing is that!

But that is not it my friends, the odyssey is far from over!  With the very next bite the Onion & Diced Tomato Burrito has vanished and you are eating a Cheese Burrito!  

Not only that but there are 2 bites of this incredible Cheese Burrito!  The 1st bite is cold shredded cheese and the very next is melted cheese!  Did you follow that!  Cold shredded cheese immediately followed by melted cheese!  Obviously this Taco Bell has developed and utilized some kind of device capable of altering the thermodynamic properties of matter itself!  For use on burritos!  Truly amazing!

I know, nothing else could possibly top what has already transpired with my Burrito Supreme but with the very next bite my burrito had again transformed into yet another burrito!  This time I found myself enjoying a Beef Type Meat Product Burrito!  

As if all of this had not already been enough, my final 2 bites of this magical burrito were a Bean Burrito!  I kid you not!

I was so awestruck and speechless at the heretofore unheard of Magical Burrito Supreme that I was not able to carry myself back into the Taco Bell to congratulate these remarkable Magical Burrito makers!  Perhaps one day I will again venture to this Taco Bell.  I had no idea that the mythical border in Taco Bell's subtle advertising campaign was that of the supernatural itself!
I love this place the lava taco is amazing and the carmel empenadas are a good treat.
(+)
- doritos locos
- chalupa

I love chalupas so we stopped by randomly to grab a quick bite to eat. It was a weekday afternoon and the place was totally dead, only one other customer there. Decided to try the Doritos locos as well and it was good but my sauce totally overpowered any Doritos flavor.

Quick, cheap, tasty meal.
I ordered an item that was listed for $3.69 on the menu but was rung up for $3.99 on the screen. 

When I advised the person taking my order about the discrepancy he firmly and rudely said that he could not change the pricing on the system which was set up by corporate.  

I gently advised him that this would not be honoring the posted price and asked to speak to his manager, the gentleman advised me that he was the manager.     I drove up and spoke to 'Quenten' who had the title of "Shift Leader" on his badge.    He gave me the store number and advised me that his boss Sandy would be in on Tuesday.   When I advised him that I wanted to address this manner sooner he told me that he was only doing what he was told before he gave me the name of his district manager and we wished each other a good night. 

This is the first time I have ever experienced an issue at any Taco Bell Resturant and I suppose that perhaps it would be a tad lofty to think that certain individuals may care about the big picture as a drive thru employee.   However, I do find it that it is a resturant's duty to charge the posted price and/or post the correct price to prevent any misunderstandings.   In summary be on the lookout for pricing discrepancies when at this Taco Bell restaurant.
Hey it's Taco Bell - what do you want?  I'm giving this three stars because it's A-Ok which is Yelp's rating system.

If you haven't been to a Taco Bell before then I don't know what to tell you - it's cheap imitation Mexican food with questionable quality ingredients.  It's not like you're going to take the pope here for a visit though, you're just getting some food.

The staff at this location are helpful and pleasant, and that's really all I ask for.  I don't come here often, but it's true to the Taco Bell brand.
I love margaritas and they are pretty generous with the tequila here. I've tried a few different flavors (frozen and on the rocks) and they've all been tasty. I stay in the bar area so I can't recall what the rest of the restaurant looks like, but the service in the bar area has always been great. Only things I can remember trying here are the chicken flautas and one of their quesos (sorry can't remember which one). And both were pretty good.
This is in our rotation of restaurants that our family of 5 visits regularly.  Is it authentic mexican food?  no.  But then again - hubby does not like true Mexican dishes...This is Tex Mex food.  The one thing we order off on the menu - and that really are top notch, are the fajitas.  Husband has ordered them everywhere - and really, here they are the best.  Mango Margaritas and chips and salsa are pretty good too!
Month we went-May 2009.  Out to dinner with a friend and we had a delightful time. Our waitress, Sharona (I kid you not), was friendly and very helpful. She saw me perusing the margaritas and spoke about a couple of them. Our drinks arrived with the chips and salsa. I love that there were 2 little pots of salsa, one for each of us, as we love salsa. The margarita was a 9 out of 10 limes! We ordered a sampler of appetizers, and it was very good. I ordered a combo that included a chile relleno (I love chile rellenos). Our dinners arrived in a timely yet not too quick manner. This gave us time to work on our appetizers as well as have some great conversation. We didn't finish the appetizer as we were afraid we'd be too full to eat our dinners. My combo was hot and tasty. Sharona was a great waitress. She was knowledgeable without being pretentious. She gave us a take out container for our uneaten appetizers and we were on our way. All in all, this was such a relaxing dinner.
I have not been to an On The Border forever now.  We were in the area getting some work done to the Lexus so we decided to try it.  I am glad I did.  The salsa is fresh and the service was great.  It was surprising that during lunch it was not busy at all.... sign of the economy times?  who knows, but I enjoyed it ...

I had the steak and enchiladas with rice and beans and my wife had a salad.  We both enjoyed.  Still not worthy of 5 stars, but I will go back and try other things.  It is one of the better Mexican food joints I have tried in a while.  Good and fresh ... thats the main thing right there.
I had never been to an On the Border restaurant until Friday and I'd always wanted to try it. We ordered the made-to-order guacamole to start which was FABULOUS. They make it right by your table and give you these massive freshly made chips to eat it with. Yum. For my meal I got the fish tacos and they were delicious but really filling. We sat on the outside patio area and it was nice, minus the annoying flies and gnats. It would be nice if they put some screens up on the windows. Our waitress was super friendly and kept making sure everything was fresh and tasty. I will definitely be returning for that guacamole and to try what else is on their menu.
We tried to go here today after my daughter's dance recital. She picked the place. It was 2:45pm. I asked if we could have a booth, and the hostess said, "well, here's the problem. A lot of our servers just want to get out of here, so the only room I can seat you is in here", pointing  to one little overly crowed area. My husband and I looked at each other in shock, and said, "well, we can help them get out of here. We'll just go eat somewhere else!" I will NEVER go back! How freakin tacky!!!
Great happy hour spot - drink specials and 1/2 price appetizers
Good for groups
Friendly and attentive staff
I like the chips and salsa, queso, house margarita, draft beer in a chilled goblet, and create your own combo choices
We stopped here for happy hour as I was lazy and it is close to work. Turns out they have a decent happy hour with assorted drink specials, half off selected apps and a pick 2 food special that runs open to close for $6.99. I selected the Tortilla soup and cheese enchiladas. The soup was good and enchiladas was also good and came with rice and beans. Our server was great and I wish I remembered her name but after a couple of the happy hour Margaritas names escape me.
Get the queso!  Actually, I enjoy both the queso and the salsa; they are also good together.  The chips are huge; you'll have to break them up to make them manageable.  I've tried all of the enchilada flavors now and prefer the beef ones just because they come with red sauce.  The rice is a little sweet because of the corn, and the beans have a hint of a roasted flavor.  If at all possible, save room for the kahlua ice cream pie - delicious!
Pretty much my favorite chain Mexican food. Although you have a lot of choice for great Mexican food in the area, it's a pretty good place and has a lot of menu choices
The staff was friendly, food ok for az. I ate at this same chain when I lived in san diego where the food tasted more authentic. I won't be coming here again, probably could have better mex food at taco bell. Sad!
One of my favorite chain restaurants.  The chips and salsa are near perfection.  I usually get the combination plates and most items are surprisingly good.
Try and find a sit down mom an pop restaurant in the  east valley, I dare you. 

Franchise food is franchise food is franchise, and the east valley is the land of Franchise food. It seems as soon as you find an edible one the manager changes and the place takes a hard nose dive. Nobody really owns it, nobody really cares ... what a world we live in. 

If you advertise on TV they will come! 

The jewel of the nile in the east valley franchise scene is On the Border at Power and Baseline. I have been coming here for years and the same manager reigns supreme. She treats her workers fair and they tend to stick around. 

That translates into friendly wait staff, great food, and they have the money to regularly refresh the decor. The bartenders are knowledgable and they all make a decent margarita. You even find real mexicans, not just working here but ... eating here! ... Imagine that.

Chances are you'll also find me in the bar sipping a Grand Marnier spiked Bordirita made by my main "men in black" ... Kenny and Moe. 

Buen provecho!
Chips are very good (fresh and crispy).  Salsa is OK, just not as good as most restaurants. Everything else I tried was sort-of gross
my wife and i went there for lunch. it was great. great service, great food, love the decor.
The only reason we went here was to use a gift card.... Just as disgusting as i remember.
My husband and I decided we had a hankering for Mexican food so we decided to stop at On The Border. It's not a restaurant we frequent, so we were unsure of the service and quality. We were very pleasantly surprised with the food and the attentiveness of our server, Lauren or Taylor (I can't remember her name for sure). I even used mobile Foursquare to check-in and received a Free Queso appetizer.  I tried the fried avocado for my entree which was ok, but overall the food and service proved a place we'd come back to again.
This is a chain restaurant.  Nothing terribly special.  But not bad either.

The chips came out hot.  The salsa was tasty.

We opted for the special all you can eat enchiladas.  They were fine.  Not great.  Not bad.  The consistency of the tortillas was a bit odd.  Not sure how to describe it.  But it was odd.

The black beans are very nice.  In my opinion, better than the refried (but I seldom like refried beans).  The rice had a mild seasoning, but also was nice.

This place is no match for La Tolteca, or a few other places, but it seems to be reliable.  We've eaten at a few other On The Border restaurants over the years, and they have been consistent.  If you have a coupon, there is a special, or something similar, it is fine.
We headed to Stapley branch first only to find out they were closed! It was opened only 2 wks ago though, crazy! Then off to Power location, called and were told current wait time is 45mins! Still we went and passed by a very crowded parking area with bystanders outside On the Border entrance. We dint know where to go for dinner so we called again and asked for any bar seating. We arrived and proceeded to the bar with 2 available seats - we skipped the 45min wait and that was amazing..

I had Big Borduritto (?),  portion was indeed big lol.  Their salsa, which is bottomless, is similar to Chili's but is too spicy for my taste but I liked their chips better than Chili's. Overall the Big Burrito I had was ok, I will probably try a different one next time we head visit the place again. Taste was nothing extraordinary but they were not bad either.
Consistently good food...but it is a chain.  I like their Margaritas.  The BF loves the Sangria Swirl Margarita!  Great chips and salsa and good tableside guac.  I love their Cilantro Lime rice, black beans, and the grilled enchilada wrap thing!
Ordered empanadas to go. Three orders and $28 later...I cut them open and 75 to 80% of them were EMPTY!  (They werent great either) I called the manager and she indicated this is a known issue as they are made fresh onsite. Ok benefit of the doubt. She indicated she would send some coupons my way for throwing my cash down the drain... Has not happened.  I guess I'll be calling AMEX.
The chili releno was great! My margarita was good .. my husbsnd enjoyed his 2 taco combo. We'll be back.


Elaine
On The Border is probably my favorite full service Mexican restaurant. I realize it probably isn't the most authentic Mexican food, if at all, but I love it anyways!

One thing though is that they don't always give a lot of guacamole if you order that. You seem to get more if you order it the live way! 

I was pleased with the restaurant decor. Its simple but nice and is one of the reasons I enjoy eating here! The food is all quite good!
Zach was our server tonight and he did a fantastic job! He brought out our food and it took a little long to make, so he comped the meal. We tried to pay, saying that it didn't take long at all. He insisted that we couldn't pay for the meal. I was already of fan of this location, but was really impressed at the level of service that was rendered! They just won a repeat customer for life! Thanks Zach!
The food is OK but I prefer Garcias.  The shredded beef on the tacos was bland and the beans had a weird taste. The queso was the best part of the meal but it was runny. Maybe they were having an off day but I don't intend to return.  On a side note, the apple crisp was great but that's not what I go to a mexican joint for.
Came here after our disastrous intro to O'SUCKA Japanese. SO GLAD WE DID! Great food, great service and reasonable prices considering the generous portions. WE WILL BE BACK!
I went there yesterday 1/6/2013 about 2:30.  I waited over 5 min to even get a menu. I placed my order and waited over 30 min. I ate the salsa and chips and was getting sick. I could not find my waitress. I finally got up and left. Still sick the next day stomach will not settle down. This is the third time I have had bad service. I will not go back again. Once I get sick from something I ate will not return. BTW it was not that crowded to were the service was bad. Manager was cleaning the tables.
I ate at On The Border which is NOT my favorite Mexican Restaurant by any means. I ordered the Carne Asada which was underwhelming accompanied by a 1/2 cup of veggies and rice and we waited jtoo long for the salad as I had to remind them about it! , what saved this restaurant experiencecwas our sweet, wonderful, polite, delightful waiter NOAH!  What a peach of a guy, who let's the ladies order first and should be grabbed by a PR firm  because this guy has IT!...We had a few other kinks in our food order and timing.  Then the manager came out, whose name I missed, and brought us whatever we wanted and gave us 2 desserts and really cared about us....never was treated so right!  So Cheryl, Vanessa, Dan, Mike, Jason and Hayley send our thanks and we will come back just to see you 2 guys!!  Noah should be the CEO of On The Border!
Writing this review makes me kind of sad, because really, I enjoy On The Border. Their margaritas are huge, delicious, and cheap! Yay for happy hour! The one closest to me closed down due to health code violations (oops)! I figure the alcohol in the margaritas killed any sort of germs anyway...
Ok, back to this review. Since the one near me closed, the restaurant on Power is the closest. I've been here twice, and both experiences have sucked royally! Not the food or drinks, mind you, but the service, the hostesses, and the management. 
We called to see how late happy hour lasted--stated we understood how busy they were, but it's one simple question. Bitchy, short answer, and then they hung up on us. We go to eat anyway (because it's National Margarita Day) 45 minute wait, not including my 5 minutes of standing in front of the hostess stand without being acknowledged. Open seating in the bar you say? I took a look while waiting for friends--open table = yay! No chairs = boo. I mention this to the hostess, hoping there's a secret stash of chairs. Ignored. We talk to management about being hung up on and the snotty attitudes thus far--doesn't care! We gave our pager to someone else and left...
Will NEVER come here again.
Sampler platter is worth every penny!!


Love OTB. I have always had great food and great servce. This evening they were out of a specific item on my platter so they replaced it with something else and offered to give me more of anything else on the plate. I thought that was nice of them because its not always the servers fault the kitchen is out of food.
Went here last Friday night and was very impressed. The last time I had been out to this restaurant was about a year ago and it really didn't seem too great to me, hence the reason it took me a year to come back. Im not sure if they are under new management, have a new chef, or are just improving. 

Friday night was of course a busy night so we had to wait about 15 min for a table for 2, not too bad. Our server greeted us right away and we had our drinks and appetizer ordered with in minutes! I love fast service! We ordered the Firecracker Stuffed Jalapeos. I wasn't sure how different they would taste from original Jalapeo poppers, but I am so glad I ordered them! They were delicious! A mix of cheese, cream cheese and chicken stuffed in a jalapeo, then deep fried! Add the cheese dip they give you with the order and your mouth is in Jalapeo heaven! I decided on an appetizer as my main dish also, for I wanted a variety of food dishes, I ordered the Sampler Platter and SO glad I did. It comes with chicken flautas, chicken quesadillas and steak nachos. It's the sampler so it's a pretty large portion, you get a few of each item, the flautas are my favorite. The chicken had a great taste to it, mixed with the different seasoning, cheese and peppers. My bf ordered the chicken chimi, obviously you can tell we like our chicken. I tried a few bites of his dish and it was also pretty tasty. I like my chimis to be very crispy, so was a little disappointed that the tortilla on this chimi was semi crispy, when they aren't crispy they get a little soggy. It was stuffed with chicken, seasoning and peppers, not a bad combination with the rice and beans.

The staff was very friendly, courteous and quick! We had a great evening!
There was a time that this wasn't too bad of a corporate restaurant.  Besides the usual musical chairs with menu items that corp restaurants love doing, the food has never been too bad, and some dishes in the past were quite passable and good.  However, it would seem things have took a turn for the worst.  

The main problem is the overall service.  My family and I (4 of us total) sat for an hour waiting for our meals and watching people that came in after us get their meals.  Instead of just telling us they messed up our order, they just kept bringing chips and assuring us our dinners were coming out, which they never did.  We finally got up and walked out in frustration and disappointment. 

After several months of staying away, we returned to give it another shot.  Again the service was extremely slow and we didn't even get the common courtesy of the waitress checking to see if our meals were ok.  So, not only this time were they slow, they were not even courteous or showed any care whatsoever.  

The food overall is just average corporate flair, and through the years they have removed various items I used to order frequently, which is what is very disappointing about corporate restaurants as they don't believe in consistency.   However, what really kills this place is the service and obviously poor management.
The margarita was awful, very chemical flavor. We ordered beef tacos and beef enchiladas and there are no words horrible enough to describe the food.  The salsa was OK but the chips were covered in salt, the only flavor you could taste. I will never, ever eat at this restaurant again.
Happy hour at On the Border can not be beat!  The Sangria Swirl and the Watermelon Rita for $4 is the best around.  We also enjoyed the queso guacamole combo for $4.  Reggie, Alyssa, and the other guy at the bar were cool.  Get there early to get your happy hour table in the bar.  4 people, $40, good buzz, great food, we'll be back.  Just make sure yu get a table in the bar, because they will not honor happy hour prices when seated at restaurant tables.
Had the fish tacos and would rate them a 4. Queso for an app and it was ok. So food a three or four overall.

I was dining alone so I sat at the bar. Once I received my food attention time was over. Couldn't get a beverage refill. Couldn't get my check to pay. I was paying by credit card or else I would have just left cash on the bar and left. Since I'm in the service industry I always, always, always tip. This is the first ever that I've even considered not tipping. Still left 15% but I don't know why.

To many other options in the area to ever return. Skip it and enjoy good service by going elsewhere.
So sad to see this place going downhill. Over the last year the hostesses and servers have really been downgraded. From waiting over 40 mins for a patio table with no one in front of us. We sat outside and watched another group simply walk right onto the patio, we asked the hostess about it and she stated they sat themselves. Once we were finally seated it took a server 15 mins to even greet us. They had brought chips but no drinks. After nearly 15 mins of waiting again we got up and left. It was simply ridiculous! I should mention too, this was middle of the week and we arrived a few minutes before 5pm. 
A time prior to that I had to ask a server twice for a refill on my water. After 10 mins or so I went to the bar myself to get my refill. Any time we sit on the patio the servers there are miserable! This is our draw to the restaurant too so it is rather disappointing.
Onto our food, it seems I can never get what I order. I ask for two enchiladas, one white sauce and one red sauce. One of each, not to complicated, I have NEVER been served exactly that. Then I am waiting on my food while the rest of my family eats. 
It seems like there is extremely high turn over for patio servers as well. Which would explain the bad service.
The only reason I gave two stars was the food. While it isn't right, it's always good and so are the alcoholic drinks. 
So sad to drive here from San Tan Valley for such disappointment.
They have pretty good drinks like the margarita and sangria. I would say that this is typical Arizona Mexican that splits the difference between Tex Mex and  southwest Mexican food with lots of cheese and sour cream. The atmosphere is ok, it's like the Latino version of Chilis.
Good, solid Mexican food with a semi-healthy slant.  Don't know what the other Yelpers were complaining about when they talked about poor service--perhaps they went on a Friday night when the place was completely packed and the servers were crazy busy??  My experiences here have been the polar opposite--GREAT service!  

Today our server brought us free queso dip (AMAZING!!), refilled our drinks before they were even halfway empty, and brought each person at our table their own bowl of salsa.  She even remembered us from ONE previous visit--pretty awesome if you ask me!  

I just love their enchiladas!  Great vegetarian options too--definitely try the cheese/onion and mushroom/spinach ones if you're not a fan of meat.  Love their black beans and Mexican rice (which comes with corn in it--yum!).  Good chips and salsa; we always get the table-side guacamole too.  And if you have room for dessert, the sopapillas (with a side of vanilla ice cream) are totally worth the extra calories!  ;)
This place used to be great, but it fell terribly downhill. We first walked in and no one greeted us. Second our table was filthy which i understand if it busy. it wasnt. the menus were disgusting and had food in them. i wanted to wash my hands after looking at them. the waitress brought the wrong beer and the water cup was dirty needless to say we walked out and went to bj's
It is an ok chain restaurant. Food is usually good and reasonably priced. I do agree with some of the other comment that they could improve on their service. Usually you get some what good service if you sit in the bar or patio, but in the restaurant part they could use some help.
Not too bad, been here dozens of times before. 

Got here at 12:30 on a Sunday, were seated immediately on the patio. First of all, I was somewhat embarrassed that I've been here so many times and never knew they served breakfast! I guess it's because I always came for dinner. (They stop serving breakfast at 2, in case you were wondering) Couldn't decide what to get on the lunch menu, so I resorted to breakfast. I had the Gringo Breakfast, which is a pretty basic breakfast plate. It was tasty, a little bit on the smaller side when it comes to portions.

The only reason I give it three stars instead of four is because the food took a long time to get out. I understand that things happen and there may be a million other tables, but it was pretty slow today and didn't seem like there was much going on. Our waitress, Michelle, was very friendly about it though, so not a big deal. Not too bad, I will for sure come back, as I always do.
Many many years ago I use to take the family to the Tucson location and always enjoyed the atmosphere, food, Sangria Swirls and salsa. That location closed back about 6 yrs ago or so. This location was nothing to write home about the Salsa tasted flat with no zip and the swirl was weak. I'll pass next time
If it weren't for the chips and salsa we probably would have starved. The size of the portion for the fajitas reminded me of the samples they dole out at SAMs clubs on Sundays to entice you to buy the real thing. The drinks called "swirls" came out plain... What a bunch of false advertising! AND don't ask for extra cheese, because they will charge you a dollar for about a spoon full! Total rip off! There's hardly any music in the place, felt like I was in a cafeteria... Clank clinkity clank!!
Favorite restaurant. The food is absolutely fantastic. I've never been disappointed with something I've ordered. Great service, friendly waiters, managers seem eager to please. They always have great deals going on and the environment is great.
Bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse. 

We had pretty bad service when we went in. My mom got a coffee but when she got it it was cold. We asked to get another and she seemed bothered about it but she brought it. I tried and it was a tad warmer but not hot. My mom was complacent so I didn't mention again. 

When I asked what was good she shrugged and said she wasn't really sure. OK maybe not true but you could at least make a suggestion about what people order alot? When my bf asked what a dish came with she didn't know that either. Now that did bother me. But my bf didn't want me to say anything so we didnt. 

Overall service sucked. The food took foreverrrr to get out and my bf had to raise his glass to get a refill of coke. How mortifying.   He had to do the same for check. When it came time to clear table,  me and my mom started picking up with napkin and piling plates together. We typically do this, but the waiter/waitress always jump in to help. This lady literally just stood there and waited for us to finished her job and pile it all up and go. How easy. 

Food was not good my chicken in chicken enchilada plate was dry. I only picked at it. My bfs fajitas were sizzling for about 5 min after plate came out. No joke.  

Never coming here again. Waste of time/money
Tacos are delicious and the fajitas are phenomenal!  Great service (even when its busy), fresh tortillas, yummy salsa!  Definitely worth the trip.
First, let me say that On The Border is my favorite Mexican restaurant!  My experience with the Mesa OTB was very so, so.  Service was slow.  Food was OK, but not nearly as good as what I'm used to.  I believe I am spoiled as I live very close to the OTB on Bell across from Arrowhead Mall where I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal!
Meh. Friday night at 7:00. They were busy. That makes sense. Would've made more sense to have more experienced staff working they night. 

I was brought the wrong drink, my Del Rio combo was over salted to a near inedible degree. 

I'll give two stars because my girl liked her tacos and my server tried hard, and what could I possibly expect from a giant chain restaurant.
Customer service was excellent. The woman who took my order was in a fantastic mood and seemed like she was having a great day, a very pleasant, simple thing that brightened my day up after having difficulties at work. Food was standard Taco Bell, delicious and streamlined to taste the same everywhere, but the customer service was impeccable and due to this I will definitely return.
This is the best taco bell I have ever been to. I go maybe one to two times a month. They are super fast, very friendly and I always order weird things (switch out items for others) and I have never once had an order wrong. Even though I am special ordering, they are still insanely fast. I love this place. They will also suggest if you can save money by switching to a combo, etc.
My experience was very different from the other reviews. After giving the cashier my order, I sat by a window. I calmly watched person after person park their cars, walk into the store and give their orders and receive them right away. I simply ordered nachos. After several minutes of this, I decided to ask for a refund. The manager apologized and said he will have someone make it right now. I asked" was anyone trying to fill my order before I came up?" Apparently not!!! So I wasted my entire lunch hour waiting for a dish that was never going to come. I refused the offer to "make it now" as I didn't have any time left. I had to leave hungry and pissed.
I told the guy at the drive-through window that this place will get a 5-star review so this is to keep my promise. This place saved my friends and I from the brink of starvation after eating micro-meals at a different local Italian restaurant. Fast service, got the order right, right down to the sauces. I love you Taco Bell!
I love Taco Bell! Just not this one. I now drive out of my way not to go to this one. The order is wrong Every time and I really mean every time. Bad service Bad food!
Taco Bell is losing my love. Apparently you now have to pay to get a water cup. In Arizona of all places. Now i'm not ignorant, I get that they're covering their costs for the cups. But the one thing I could always count on in Arizona was free water, and that the fast food restaurants gave you a cup for free. Now slowly that's going away.
quality went down the drain!  staff is nice but that's the only good thing to say
Out of all the fast food joints I feel less awful about eating here vs anywhere else. call me crazy, I know.... 

So this location is new & clean. Service was good & quick. Textbook Taco Bell operating procedures. I've been hearing the adds, seeing the adds & I finally found a Taco Bell in route to my daily adventures so I decided to see if these breakfast menu items were something to brag about. I had the sausage waffle taco & my buddy had the bacon waffle taco. We both ate it due to being hungry but we were both like ehhhhhh I've had better.... The hash brown was good size in comparison to McDonald's but it was saturated in grease. It was an adventure accomplished but shortly lived. I can't see myself craving one more of these little taco breakfasts anytime soon. Guess the pancakewich is still reining supreme.
The manager was nice and people were happy to be making free DBacks tacos. It had a party - like atmosphere with happy customers and employees. Very clean and well kept. Good for a Taco  Bell.  I enjoy the somewhat healthier Fresco Tacos over the original.  I think the biggest difference is the lack of cheese and the addition of pico de gallo.
Tried the Cantina Burrito with chicken, man it was delicious! I usually don't frequent Taco Bell, but this was worth the time. The counter person was friendly. He saw that the sun was beating thru the window when I was eating my meal and offered to drop the blinds. I didn't even ask. Point for this Taco Bell!
So I came here last Saturday and tried the Cantina chicken burrito and loved it. I came here today and ordered the same thing, and seriously thought I was eating a veggie burrito there was hardly any chicken in it. Boo... not sure what gives
We affectionately refer to Taco Bell as Taco Hell. Sometimes they get your order right and sometimes they don't. Just make sure you check it before you leave. This one has an outdoor patio which is nice when it is cool here in Arizona.
they usually get the order right. I don't like how they don't offer or include a spork when you order nachos supreme or nachos bell grande. All other Taco Bells that I've been to, it's policy, they just give it. This one, not.
They have so far always gotten the order right and friendly workers, but it's the only taco bell I have found that it doesn't occur to them to give a fork for nachos bell grande.  They also pnly gave us 1 napkin in the drive-thru. You would think that 2 drinks would maybe clue them in that 2 ppl are eating.
Eh. I know it's only fast food, but how many idiots are working in the kitchen? I wish there was a closer one so I could go there in the hopes that they'd get our order correct!
Dependable tacos.
Omgoodness 20 min wait in drive-thru and no apology! And then they got my sons drink wrong. I would have gone in if we hadn't had the baby w/ us.
This location is horrible. They would not honor their Diamondbacks special. I have not been to Taco Bell for over a year because of my bad experience, guess this place hasn't changed! Give Del Taco over on Ray & Dobson your business instead of this place!
After all the commercials airing on TV and radio,  Taco Bell finally wore me down and I ordered a couple of their waffle tacos.   I have a soft spot for waffle based food,  being a big fan of Bruxie in OC,  and it was difficult for me not to compare the two experiences.   

First off,  the waffle.   It was more along the eggo waffle lines than somthing you would make for yourself,  made thin enough to fold without breaking.   They filled it with eggs,  cheese and sausage (or bacon), and even though the eggs are probably powered and definitely rubbery,  it auctiually works.   Pour the syrup they give you on the side over it,  and it works even better.  Also of note,  it was pretty small.   It's a good thing I ordered 2, but it makes me question if it's even worth $1.99.  

The Waffle taco is deffently worth a try,  but I'm not sure if it will be somthing I go back for on a regular basis.
Shitty drive thru service!! Asked for a Chicken quesadilla and got a burnt quesadilla with onions in it!! Employees need more training.
I just went to Taco Bell and when I ordered my tacos, I was informed of their new policy to not serve a cup of water.  I could buy a bottle of water or pay for a soda, but they will no longer provide a free cup for water, even with a paid meal.  Taco Bell, you have lost me and my co-workers as customers.  Goodbye.
So kids, if you've been following along at home, you know Uncle Georgie thinks most fast food places can only strive for a 3 Star rating or worst. 

Uniformity at fast good places in my opinion make it impossible to offer a Four Star, or Eccck... a Five Star rating. Sorry, Yum Brands!  

But this isn't a ghetto location and the employees aren't brain dead. On the contrary, they're all very nice and friendly. Especially Mallory up front and Becky the Manager who went out of their way. Nice!

As for the food, it's okay. The Tacos were good, as for the cheese Pizza Hut pizza, while being slightly undercooked it was also A-Okay. 

BTW, I had no problems getting a cup for water. So that must have been an isolated incident the other reviewers had on their visit. 

So Three Stars, A-Okay
I wish you served breakfast!  Some do and its really fair priced and good. This location doesn't but they never mess up my lunch or dinner order so ill take that. they sell pizza hut too, very pricy for small pizza and breadsticks.
This is one of my regular fast food joints - fast food that is actually good for you.  I always enjoy the chicken burrito with black beans, cheese, medium salsa, sour cream and lettuce.  My wife enjoys having her burrito in a bowl not wrapped in a tortilla.

This is a national chain, but they do a good job of keeping the ingredients fresh.  The service is quick, as the counter people pass your food down an assembly line, adding the burrito stuffings right in front of you, then passing it on to you after prompt payment - cash, debit/credit cards accepted.

They have the usual fountain drinks, ice tea, beer and wine

Quick, easy and tasty.
So I used to eat at this location

And I loved it

But slowly
Each time I ate here

I'd get a tummy ache

Then my boyfriend was all like "hey, everytime I eat chipotle I get diarrhea"

So it wasn't just me!

We continued to eat here though, because we loved it.
And we'd make sure we had no where to be for a few hours after eating it.

I know, we're weird.

But we got sick of getting sick.  Poo.  Literally.
I love chipotle and wish I could eat here more often than do now. they do get pretty busy during lunch time and the parking is limited outside unless you want to park far away. I always get the Vegetarian burrito. Yummy.
First off - it's Chipotle... super good grub - nuff said.

With this particular Chipotle, which is closest to my house, I was greeted with thanks and a few questions about my experience using their new ordering system.   Which one is that?  The new Chipotle iPhone app!

App is obviously in the itunes app store and free.  Open it up, finds the closest location to you and has the whole menu to where you can build your order and submit it to them and if you'd like even pay right online with your iphone....  SWEEEET... 

So downloaded the app, ordered and drove down there to meet a buddy and walked to the front of the line and grabbed my burro, paid (because I was lame and closed the app before I could enter my visa) and the guys were all making sure the app and ordering process were to my liking.  While eating the guy asking everybody how the food was made his way over to me and asked me a few questions about the process.

Either way good experience and I will be using their iPhone ordering again in the future... order was correct as ordered and simple as pie.
This place has good food, great service,  it is friendly and clean.  All of the Chipotle's that I have eaten at have been very good, except for one in downtown Washington DC where a group of kids ran through the dining room chased by police officers.  They trashed the place, and spilled a perfume display that one of the kids was trying to sell.  Which may have been why the police were chasing them I don't know.  What I do know is the perfume smelled terrible.

Anyway back to Chandler.  The good thing about Chipotle is the menu.  It is very simple.  Basically you walk up to the counter and tell the nice person what you want to eat.  All the food is displayed in front of you.  You can mix and match it any way you like.  Tacos, burritos,   even melted cheese things that aren't on the menu but kids seem to love them.  

There are a few different kinds of meat.  Carnetias or braised pork, grilled chicken, and two different kinds of beef.  One grilled the other BBQed.  Fresh green peppers and onions lightly seasoned and sauteed but still crispy.  Two kinds of beans, pinto and black.  The servers are quick to tell you that the pinto beans are not for strict vegetarians or the kosher crowd.    Rice seasoned with a little cilantro that is very tasty, and last but not least delicious guacamole.  As your meal (usually a burrito for me) is assembled it moves down the counter to the salsa section.  There are a few different kinds of salsa.  A spicy red one, I don't know what is in it but it is my favorite.  A tomato, onion, cilantro mild one.  Corn relish that goes in my burrito too, and a green one that I never tired.  Then some sour cream and cheese and they magically roll it and wrap it in a tin foil sleeve.  

With really good food places it is the little things that can make or break them.  For example sour cream.  Pretty basic stuff right.  At Chipolte it is delectable.  I can't find sour cream near as good at any grocery store.  The tortillas are big and seem to stretch enough to wrap whatever they put in the burrito.  Did I mention that these burritos are really big?  If you don't want to go the tortilla route they will make your burrito in a bowl.  Same stuff just no tortilla.  I once ate at the Chipolte in Lawrence Kansas with a friend.  She ate two burritos.  She is a freak, don't try it you may explode.  

They seem to be proud of their chips.  Most places offer them free of charge.  Chipolte charges for them.  They could be good I've never had them, but lot's of folks order them.    

No doubt about it this is fast food.  I stopped by last Tuesday at noon.  Just before I walked in 14 giggling high school kids ran up in front of me.  The line was to the door.  Ten minutes later I was at the counter watching my burrito grow.  Amazing.  Just because it is fast food doesn't mean it has to taste bland or be cold.   

This place is not cheap.  Eight and a half bucks for a burrito and a small drink.  I'll keep looking for a better burrito.  Till I find one Chipotle sets the bar.
I never used to like Chipotle - pretty much the same way I never used to like gyro's, but now I can't get enough!

I don't go for the overstuffed burritos - the cleaner and easier to eat burrito bowl is the way to go.  I always get double steak, rice, pinto beans, and the medium tomatillo salsa - best...combo...ever!  I guess I should branch out and try new things on the menu, but I ALWAYS order the same thing from every place I frequent.  Ok - next time I'll try something other than the chicken - since it's super bland.

The staff are always super helpful - even got a little tip from the cashier once.  If the line is long (as it always is), just step outside, place a phone order, then hop around the line to go pick up your called in order, because she said they make it nearly immediately. ahahah  I've made an order with my iPhone twice now, and it couldn't be easier.

The only reason this place got 4 stars was because even though the steak is awesome most of the time, from time to time it's kinda tough - it could be that much better if the meat was a little bit better quality.  Also - the chicken is always dry and lacks flavor.
Oh my god... 

I used to hate Chipotle. HATE! Hate. When asked why, I said, "Because they offer rice burritos to vegetarians." I thought the burritos were 90 percent rice, 10 percent goodness, even when I asked for light rice. 

I was, as it turns out, save-ably stupid. Because redemption is mine every time I eat here. 

They get it. They "Get It" get it. They GET IT with a capital GET IT. 

Oh, I shall explain. Worry ye not... 

I want the world to stop eating meat. In fact, it is my destiny, my very purpose, to rid the world of Fear (i.e., meat). It's true, all you're eating when you're eating meat is fear. 98 percent of you will have no idea what I mean when I say that but I can promise you it's true. 

But I don't want Chipotle to stop serving meat because people like you would stop going there and it'd go out of business and I would die because there would be nothing left for me to eat, because lately, it's all I eat. Yes. I ate twice today. Both times, Chipotle. If I lose weight, I'll become the next Jared. Gain. Ignominy. Whatevs...

It's delicious.

So here's what they get: 

The freshest ingredients.

The meat, if you care, is straight up not injected with growth hormones or bull shit. 

Portions are huge. Almost too big. 

But the technology OOOOOHHHHHHH the technology! 

Like Chuck R said... YOU CAN ORDER ON YOUR iPhone! It's ridiculous.

And our office orders as an office. ONLINE! Individually! Again, ridiculous! We can order exactly what we want, pay separately. The orders are prepared with love. They'll bring it out to your car. They'll even occasionally call you to make sure everything was amazing. 

It was! It always is. I love you. Smooch.
Chipotle is the best business model of the 21st Century, and this location wholly embodies the Chipotle perfection.

Chipotle uses naturally raised meats, hormone free dairy, no eggs or nuts, organic beans, seasonal produce, and promote recycling within the restaurants. This means that they care what you are putting into your body and what it is doing to the environment!! (score!)

Their simple menu makes ordering easy, but still allows you variety (Burrito, Salad, Tacos, Bowls) and caters to a carnivore, vegetarian, or vegan. In fact, they are pretty "food-allergy" safe in general. (Believe me, I have experience)

As if the food wasn't enough, they have two amazing ordering systems: Iphone App and Online Ordering. Let's talk about this online ordering system here for a minute, because it is what I think really sets the bar high for their competitors and other restaurants in general:

I run a medium sized business and when lunch comes around, my Operations staff of ten has the WORST time executing something as simple as a lunch order. I know this sounds ridiculous, but believe me, it is as true as the day is long. This all changed when I discovered Chipotle Online Ordering. 

Anyway, I go online, login, and tell the system I want a group order. It then emails each of my employees giving them a link to order or a link to decline. If they choose to order, the link takes them right to an online order page with pictures, places for memos, etc. They select exactly what they want and it gets added to our group order.

Once everyone has ordered, I hit submit, pay by credit card, and fifteen minutes later you arrive at Chipotle, give them a jingle, and they will actually bring the food right out to your car for you. They call this the "valet" service. Perfect if you can't find a spot or it is raining out!!

Chipotle Executives must have sat down and thought of every pain a company could have in ordering lunch because I honestly cannot think of one thing that would improve this process. (Well, delivery would be nice... but that is what I have a receptionist for)

I want to take a second to recognize this particular location, on 54th Street. Let me start by saying, I believe that you can taste the love in food... as in, if someone is cranky as shit, making your food, it is not as good as if they are smiling, enjoying their lives. I know this probably sounds crazy, but I swear on my right hand it is true. EVERY time I have ever eaten here (we are talking dozens of times) my food has been fabulous! I can taste the LOVE! 

Oh, and about two hours after pickup, someone calls to ask how everything was and to let you know that they took special care to pack it up and make sure everything was right. If there is a Best Chipotle award, this location deserves it!

My final note: I get the salad with black beans, rice, tomato salsa, green tomatillo salsa, and guacamole. 100% vegan, 100% delicious. Under 500 calories, 17g of fat, and 14g of protein. And I am full. REAL full. 

Since I have started eating Chipotle 3-4 times a week, I have actually started losing weight. Perhaps I will be the next Jared!
What the hell happened to you today? God. What an abortion.
What a miscarriage. 

And, to be fair, I eat you a lot. You're well groomed and appreciative. You accommodate my preference for the noon time action. You call later just to make sure there were no weird flavors or odors. Usually, such a treat! Like a happy dog in the summer sun. 

Today? Today was different. Today was bad. So bad I'm forced to be honest. I HATE BEING HONEST! Today? It's like you were partying all night and hooked up with some random and afterward (without showering) felt used so you called me because you know I'm always there for you. You know, because of our history? You have a special place in my comforting, still chubby but receding, belly. 

Today it was fake. I could tell your heart wasn't in it. Once you got to me you realized that I was just a false idol. A warm body and nothing more. My name could have easily been a number. Wouldn't have been any different to you. HOW DO YOU THINK THAT MAKES ME FEEL? So you pretended to "come so fast." It only took me 13 bites to finish you. Under two minutes? Please! I know you better than that... You can't bullshit a bullshitter. You could have just told me you changed your mind. That if felt wrong. That it wasn't me, it was you. That you wanted someone who wanted a bigger burrito for you. I mean, usually my burrito gets the job done but today, for variety, mentioning that we should do it in the bowl was off-handed. I didn't mean it! I still wanted the burrito to work it's mojo. I just thought the bowl play would add a little intrigue.

Ok. Fine! You're right. It's my fault. I should have never mentioned the fucking bowl. It was a mistake. FUCK! 13 bites. 2.5 ouces of guac juice? I get it. Mr. Random last night was saving it up. You were impressed. Don't worry about my feelings. I'm good at other things. No seriously. Don't worry. GO FEED MR. RANDOM burrito. Clearly you like him better. God, I'm so worthless! 

WAH!
You were right. I was wrong. Five stars! Five stars for your salad dressing alone.
This Chipotle Rocks!  
Today, I express my joy
In the haiku form!

Perfect fast food joint;
Fresh, delicious, quick and kind.
The price is right, too!

Burritos galore;
In a tortilla or bowl.
But wait, there is more!

Three steak tacos, please!
Or grilled veggie fajitas?
Oh sweet perfection.

A simple menu,
Yet so many decisions.
How can you go wrong?

Answer:  You cannot!  
Order now, you won't regret,
This Chipotle Rocks!
I LOVE this place!!! Fresh ingredients, paleo-diet options, free range chicken, grass fed beef - does it get any better? A "healthy" burrito??? It sounds like an oxymoron, but this place does it!!! I love that you can pick how much of everything you want, and can even have seconds of different salsas. If I am craving a burrito, there is where I go!!! YUMMM!!!!
I haven't had Chipotle in a while, and suddenly found myself inside here waiting in a very long line to place my order.  It's been a while since I've eaten here, so I figured it was time!

When I entered, it was the dinner rush, so there was a very long line.  Ahead of me were 4 Phoenix fireman, along with a UPS driver.  Nice! 

Despite the line being painfully long, I placed my order.  I got the Fajita burrito with the shredded beef.  Tasty!  

I do have to give a kudos to the staff here.  Clearly, they were extremely busy, and despite that, I was treated with courtesy and a smilng face!  That goes a long way for me, as I know how frustrating it can be when you are looking at a line out the door.  

I also really like how thier menu's set up.  Fairly simple, with nice choices to choose from.  Not to complicated, easy to understand and a fair price point.

Really enjoyed my time here, and the staff was wonderful. Will return in the future!
The location is new, clean, and just plain AWESOME!  I made a change and got a steak burrito this time.  YUM!  You cannot go wrong no matter what you pick.  

Get to this location before 11:45pm, it get SUPER packed!!!
Who knew?
 
I did! 

I remember eating many many many times way back in the early childhood of Chipotle back in Denver. Like the picture on the wall in every Chipotle. (yep on evans and university) I had a feeling this place was going somewhere and Chaching!

Anyway, long story short, as we all have eaten at a Chipolte somewhere. It simply is the best quick healthyish mexican there is period! 

On a side note if you are one of those wierd vegan people this is my favorite burrito (veggie fajita black w/ all the salsas no queso or crema greens and of course 3 lbs of guac!) Yuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmaaaaaeeeeeee!!!!!
Hola!

Just a quikie note. stopped in 4 our 10,000th burrito (or so it seems), and once again, great food great service. 

I have decided to update my reviews with a couple of new catagories. One will not change. this one I call "curb appeal" (this is how the establishment make me want to be there upon arrival,and how clean the entryway is) it will be rated 1 to 10, 10 being the best. And "the P factor" (this one is where I rate how the bathroom looked, as it is important for me to see a clean restroom. I take this as a sign that the rest of the place is clean. The two together work in combination and show me how clean the restaurant is. Even in open concept things can be decieving.

So that being said todays ratings are

curbage: 9

P factor: 9

Great job as always chipotle!

Late 

gordo
Love the Steak Bowl it Rocks. It is a lot of food. The prices are good, its no Taco Hell. Fast, Fresh, and Yummy. What is not to like?
For fast-food Mexican it's hard to go wrong with Chipotle's! I recommend the Burrito Bol, which if you order without rice is a good "low carb" option. The barbacoa is great, especially when paired with the spicy salsa. If you're interested, pairing this with the Negro Modelo makes for an enjoyable combination.
An ode to Chipotle.

Oh Chipotle, why do I love you so?
Is it the funky art?
Is it the Marketing campaign about the quality of your ingredients?
Is it the barbacoa that no one else has (yes, by the way)?
Why?  Oh. Why?
Is it the messages on my cup and wrappers?
Is it the pictures of your restaurants in your restaurants?
Is it the burrito that has ruined all other burritos (yes, by the way)?
Oh Chipotle, why do I love you so?
Food was pretty good, as usual. I ordered the hard shell tacos and 1 taco was lopsided and everything fell out, the shell should never have been used.

Other than that, the ambiance was irritating. Obviously catering to the teenage crowd, since the blaring music made it impossible to have a conversation. Apparently there was not a manager (or adult manager) on site. I won't be back.
After watching the show about the next great restaurant or whatever it was called I really have a bad taste in my mouth for the dude that started this company but damnit if he doesn't offer a darn good product.

I really only like the carnitas here.  Steak seems to be hit and miss and I've never been a chicken fan.  

Green salsa is the best.  Pinto beans all the way.  Rice with a hint of lemon and cilantro is so darn good.  

Try their quesadillas - so yummy.

This location has the friendliest people.
I used to be afraid of foil wrapped burritos after a painful experience a few years ago.  So, I would usually get the crispy tacos here or if I did order a burrito I would perform an airport-security like check of all the folds and creases after removing the foil.  Now that I have had all my old metal fillings replaced I can eat their burritos without having a mild anxiety attack but I still prefer the tacos for lunch because of the smaller portion size.  Either way it's darn good fast food.

If you were born after 1980, you probably have no idea what I am talking about.
I love Chipotle!  And this is my favorite location.  Yum!!
First and foremost, let me get this out there: I love Chipotle.  Always have, and always will.  So this review is nothing against the company itself.  I will continue to be a Chipotle customer, just not at this location...

I went to this location after work on 7-22-11, around 5:45 pm.  First of all, I waited in line for approximately 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, since the line is usually pretty long at Chipotle (particularly at this location).  And I was there during the dinner rush.  But still, an extra staff member or two helping out would've been nice.

I finally got my food and headed home with my three soft barbacoa tacos.  A few bites into my first taco, I bit down on something hard and relatively big.  After spitting it out and cleaning it off, it was apparent that it was a rock about the size of a dime (Picture: http://i72.photobucket.com/albums/i175/starstruck1980/chipotle_rock.jpg).  I had several other family members inspect it as well, and they agreed that it was a rock, rather than a bone fragment.  Since I didn't swallow it, choke on it, or chip a tooth, I did continue to eat the rest of my tacos (which, despite the rock, were quite delicious).  My family members weren't exactly pleased with me for continuing to eat the tacos.  They advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager.

Had I eaten in Chipotle, I probably would've spoken to the manager.  However, since I was at home, I felt that going all the way back and causing a scene wouldn't have been all that effective.  I didn't want to upset anyone, make a scene, and I definitely am not going to sue or do anything drastic like that.  It was probably just a mistake, but certainly a big mistake that definitely should never happen again.  They need to make sure they inspect their food better before it goes anywhere near those serving pans.

I was disappointed because Chipotle prides itself on clean, fresh, organic food, which is why I'm a regular customer.  This experience has left a bad taste in my mouth (quite literally), but hopefully this was just an isolated incident.

Again, I felt that a Yelp review would be more effective than any other measure I could've taken.  I just want to make people aware of this incident and to be alert for any rogue rocks hiding in their foil wrapped tacos!
I can go to Chipotle anywhere and it will always be good! Since I am vegan, I love going to this place and eating my heart out. Love the organic foods and love the vegan option! Awesome service like all the other Chipotles I have been to.
It's Chipotle. Consistently delicious, but also with consistently rising prices. There's nothing here I don't like.
Well it was bound to happen... yes, here is my review on Chipotle. I am not a huge fan to be honest. However, I am going to be optimistic and at least mention what the best thing on their menu is. 
For the longest time, I honestly hated Chipotle and couldn't put my finger on what it was that I disliked. Then I finally hit the nail on the head. Its the meat! I have tried all of their meats and all have sucked honestly. The steak and chicken are tough, don't have much flavor, and tend to have pieces with grissle. Barbeqoa is wayyy too fricken salty. Carnita's are probably the lesser of the evils but is wayyyyy to peppery. If it weren't for the hubby being a huge fan of the carnita's and guac here, I would have never gone back. But since he loves Chipotle so much and requests it once a month, I had to find something to order that is decent. 
After trying tacos, salads, quesadillas, my go to meal turned out to be the vegi burro. Please don't give this review that look. Its actually good and it comes with the guacamole! Yes, I love meat and rarely order something vegetarian. However, Chipotle is the one place I prefer something vegetarian over something with meat because like I said, the meat is soooo horrible. Now when I am forced to go to Chipotle, I get a burrito with rice (I order extra), black beans, corn salsa, hot salsa, pico de gallo, extra sour cream, and guac on the side. These are the best items Chipotle has. I have to admit, their rice is actually tasty, their tortillas are soft and huge, the corn salsa is downright delicious (but who doesnt like corn), and their pico is always fresh with a pretty good flavor. Betcha noticed that I make no mention of cheese huh? Don't get me wrong, I love cheese but Chipotles cheese seems too strong for my taste. Anyways, let me sum up the food by saying that although you get alot, nothing accept the veggie burro is acceptable in my book. Even this vegi burrito is simply ok and tolerable, once in a decade craveable. 
Now as for the service, some of the locations seem to hire people that lack intelligence and this location is no exception to that. Many times, there seems to be too many people behind the counter running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Also, the burritos tend to have holes in them because the roller doesn't know how to roll. 
I will say that I am absolutely puzzled as to why Chipotle has such a huge following. To me, its far from being sensational. Luckily, I have found something decent to order but this is not a place that I get really excited about. About the only time I got stoked to see a Chipotle was in NY after eating multiple overpriced downright depressing meals. Maybe I was just looking for something familiar after being away from home for a week. However, when other Chipotle cravings emerge, I satisfy them and then head to the drug store to get a certain test because obviously somethin aint right!
never had anything bad here!  

I love the salad dressing
Pretty sure most people have eaten at a Chipotle at some point .  So this review is for location instead of the food, which is pretty consistently good if you want burritos and guacamole.  This location is close so I go quite a bit. It tends to have long lines at odd times for no reason, and the parking is pretty terrible.  I would suggest parking outside of the little lot area it shares with the other stores.  The staff is always nice and friendly.  Although now the online ordering makes you wait even if there is no one in line.  So you should use that over just showing up since standing there now means very little.
Quick awesome food and service as usual. Live this place!
Trying hard to be a LA street food truck. 

First if you plan on going allot for a 20-30 minute wait. The seats in front of the ordering counter, side and front of the restaurant are shaped like a giant curve. They must have anticipated that their customers were going to have an extended wait. The portions are big (and according to the calorie guide on the menu high in calories) but the prices are higher than most other places. 

My one big complaint is, as opposed to the LA street food carts they seem to be trying to emulate, they need to have salsa/pico Di Gallo/ --- to scoop from so the immense burritos they serve can get a scoop of your favorite dressing with every few bites. Without that they are not terribly dry but could be much better. Really if they had a fixin's bar like other similar Mexican places I would rate them a 4 star place. Faster service and a 10% reduction in price would get a 5 star review.
Found another fast lunch time place I can add to my list, and I secretly have to admit I am a fan of Chipotle, my gawd have you had there guacamole? I can't get enough of it! You can get a bag of chips & a side of guacamole for like 2 bucks, and that right there is a bangin deal and an excellent eat! 

Went with some coworkers at high noon, the place had a lil line going, but I can safely say that even though there was many in front of me, the line moved in a fast fashion, and when I made it to order my food I saw the line was just as long, but I got the feeling of being rushed by the servers, like you know how at some places when they are busy they half ask you what you want and you tell them and  1/2 way though it they are messing up because they are already asking the next person what they want?  No I don't get that feeling here, I told the guy what I wanted and he made it happened and didn't take his attention away from me before he made sure I was on track with my order, then he helped the next person.   I like that, the non-feeling of being rushed!

For this trip I ordered the chicken bowl with white rice, black beans, pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream , I also asked for a side of their hot sauce,  the chicken bowl was just what I was craving!
Great Value for the Money!
Super fast services, awesome!!!
Eh, the food is okay.  I really like their carnitas and their cilantro lime rice.  The black beans were pretty damn flavorless though.  I think for what you get it's a bit too pricey.  About a buck and a half too much in fact.

And for God's sake, why the hell does every Chipotle have to be so deafening??  Did the architect that designed Chipotle not consider acoustics when they designed the place?  

My lunch was fine when I started eating at 11 AM, but by the time I was leaving and the lunch crowd had filtered in, the din of noise was like being verbally assaulted while underneath a tin pail in a hail storm.  There are no noise baffles anywhere and the corrugated tin walls and booths and concrete floors make the place uncomfortably loud.    This is not the first time I have noticed this in a Chipotle location either.  They are all like this. 

Decent, if over-priced, food in an awful setting.
Ah burrito bowls. You can pick your meat, your salsa, your veggies and your cheese. Load it up how you want it.
Is it authentic Mexican? No, but who cares. It's good and possibly healthy. But the main point is it's good.
The line always moves pretty good. Although it can get loud in there so you might have to yell your choices. It is a little pricey but so much better the dollar burritos from some other place so it is worth it.
Good for lunch or dinner. So get some steak or carnitas and enjoy.
Extra point because they have Coke Zero on tap. Every place gets an extra point if they have Coke Zero on tap.
Also if you order on line you just walk in, skip the line, pay and you are on your way.
This place is hit or miss. I've had good service, mediocre service, and just bad service. Tonight was pretty bad. I ordered 3 things, a bowl, a burrito, and a cheese quesadilla. I asked for just a little rice in the burrito, they put in a ton, when I said it was too much I got a crazy look from the person making my food. Whatever, I can get over that. What put me over the edge, was they got my daughter's order wrong, and this after waiting too long for it, (this was a to go order, couldn't just bring it back) . I ordered her a cheese quesadilla. I got chicken, ya I know seems silly right, but my daughter is 5, she is like every 5 year old.... Picky! She was a good sport and tried to eat it, but evidently ended up picking out the chicken. The 3 stars are for the food,  taste is consistent as usual.... If it were just based on the service tonight , this would be a 1 star review.
Oh Chipotle, what's not to love honestly?  Great quality ingredients that you can have thrown together in a completely customizable meal, it's hard to go wrong with that set up.  I managed to stop in at a rare time when they didn't have a huge line and made my way up to the counter.  The people behind the counter greeted me with a smile and a "hello" right away, and proceeded right away to get my order taken care of.  The girl who rang me up was very friendly too and even put a smiley face on my container!  Call me a sucker for the small stuff but I love things like that!
Consistently good food. Staff is friendly and efficient. Only drawback is that they are so good that the lunch-time line is usually out the door!
Typical Chipotle. Same layout and choices as all. Always busy, but always maintaining their composure and busting through the lines like a boss. Great food.
Chipotle is always the best option. Get chips and guac  #fullfordays
I've enjoyed most of the Chipolte grill dishes over the years, and they are very reasonably priced.  Is it authentic mexican food? Not really, but the ingredients they use are fresh ; and nothing seems "off" to me in terms of the food.  The dining experience itself, isn't much to write home about.   It's loud, and tables as well as decor are akin to being at a Denny's.  Still, I give it four stars -- not bad for a mexican food chain.
I am now forced to be Gluten Free, Chipotle is a good option because everything is GF here except the flour shells (burrito or taco). They have corn taco shells though. I get a bowl and its great.
Let me start off by saying, I LOVE Chipotle. I don't just like the place, I love it. I've been obsessed with their burritos since this location opened over a decade ago. I've tried everything on the menu more than once, and although I have my favorites, I can honestly say there isn't one item on the menu I don't love. I consider myself a bit if a connoisseur having eaten Chipotle so many times, this being the location I frequent the most.

So it pains me to say that everything that makes Chipotle great, from the delicious marinated meats to the scrumptious cilantro lime rice, is almost completely absent at this location. I've eaten here less and less often over the past several months because the consistency of the food quality has deteriorated. Not once, not twice, but multiple times the meat has been so poorly seasoned it doesn't taste a thing like Chipotle. Not just the carnitas, which at times are salty beyond being palatable. Not just the chicken, which has been increasingly bland. But even the barbacoa, which lately has tasted along the lines of boiled beef.

The rice is a serious letdown, and anyone who eats Chipotle knows this is what makes their burrito special. Poorly seasoned, and yes, frequently undercooked. Sorry, but there's just no mistaking that crunch of uncooked rice. My son had a full two sides if it in his kids meal. That represented half of what was on his plate. We requested new rice, and one of the guys in the back seemed stupefied we'd bothered to complain. The replacement rice from the next batch? Exactly the same as the first.

The guacamole with our chips and guac was also smooth and creamy, not the typical chunkier texture.

Chipotle needs to take a serious look at this restaurant, and decide if it really represents the quality brand they've established. Or maybe it's a case where they've become too big to care. I've already contacted the restaurant as well as corporate, and there's zero improvement. Sure, if you don't eat Chipotle often you might think it's a decent burrito (key word being "decent"). If you're a regular, you know how bad it's become.

All the long time workers at this one appear to be gone now. Maybe the current crew just lacks the ability to keep Chipotle tasting like Chipotle. What a disappointment. I recommend trying a different location. I don't plan on returning here.
Have been coming here since they opened.  The last six months or so something has changed.

The quality of the food and service has suffered.

One time I was meeting a friend for lunch and had to call the manager out to the dining area because the music was so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation.

Another two times the rice was under cooked.

Portion size is way down.

Employees back talk you when you ask to have a kids meal made a particular way due to a finicky eating child.

I think I'll start driving out to the Chandler mall location.
The food always speaks for itself...awesome! But I was much more impressed by the customer service. I am Gluten-Free, and made a request for a large order to be gluten free...during the dinner-time rush hour. The line of about 4 people behind me grew to about 50 people, but the Chipotle crew ensured my gluten-free meal by exchanging all utensils and doing everything else they could to make sure that none of my food came in contact with anything that could have had prior contact with gluten. Despite my order taking about 15 minutes to be completed (because securing a gluten free environment in a restaurant can be pain-stakeningly difficult), the whole crew had nothing but smiles and kindness toward me. I was very impressed and think that all of them definitely deserve raises for such great customer service. Give your business to people who are happy to give good service!
They used to have the best chicken. I'm not sure waft happen but they don't hand the same chicken. I still crave the burrito bowl but I tried it with steak not any better. Maybe I will get mine meatless?
I went here with family, and as Simon Cowell might say:

"It was rather forgettable"

There really was nothing special about my enchiladas... not a damn thing, i can go to my local, or your local, or even my grandmas local taqueria and get the same thing if not better for the price.

The place sure does have a pretty courtyard though!
Free tortilla chips and salsa are the best part. The margaritas are about average and the enchilladas are ok. The price is right and the decor is good but I've had better.
Worst Mexican in the valley. It really is. ESPECIALLY for a joint that has such awesome location, building and name. SHAME! Stay away. There is not much else i can add except - I'd like my money back, please.
I agree that Abuelo's is about a notch below On the Border, which isn't saying much for the restaurant.  This place is good for groups.  I have to say that there is one thing on the menu that actually is good and cheap...the flatiron steak is actually tasty.....just a note:  this isn't a Mortons or Gibson's bone in ribeye...this is a flatiron steak...that's it.  The rest of the food is okay. Don't go if you're expecting good mexican.  Spend a night out in the Frontera with a local to get REAL Mexican food...thanks Miguel for that near death experience.
The service is quick and the atmosphere is excellent.  One of my favorite Mexican restaurants I've been to since moving to the Valley from San Diego.  The thing that struck me with the food was the high quality of ingredients.  Mi Abuelo's Manjar with the eggs over medium is a perfect dish that really comes together when the egg yolk gets in the mix.

The prices are very reasonable and the courtyard in the center of the restaurant is stunning!  The first time I ate here, I was so impressed that I got a gift card for some friends to come and have some for themselves.  Give Abuelo's a try and you won't be disappointed.
When I walked in I was impressed, it's Beautiful, it's has this inside outside kinda feel with the courtyard setting. 

The menu was extensive and everything sounded delicious. I saw food that looked really good being served to other tables.

Unfortunately the food was not as good as it looked and certainly not as good as the restaurants interior would have you believe.

I got a taco and enchilada combo, the taco shell was a generic hard shell like those found at Taco Bell, the chicken inside ( I Kid you not) was the exact same chicken used at Taco Delmar  and the meaty enchilada sauce well, it must have been by  Hormel.

Everything had a different kind of peppery tasting spice that did not work well competing against each other.

It's like the Rainforest Cafe  of Mexican food.
I heart Abuelo's.  I'll just start by saying that I initially thought this was going to be an expensive restaurant so hadn't stepped into it until I went with co-workers.  I ordered (and still do) the kid's bean/cheese burrito - very inexpensive and yummy.  The thing I like is that the beans have a peppery taste to them so it's not bland.  
The one thing that keeps me coming back is the chips and salsa.   It's not unusual for me and my lunch buddies to go through 2 bowls of chips and 2 bowls of salsa EACH before we even give our order to the waiter/waitress. I think they put something in it to make you crave it.  
For the price and atmosphere - I can only comment on my kids menu choice ($6) and the lunch crowd (not too busy).
I just can't believe this restaurant is rated so poorly!  It is my FAVORITE and I consider myself picky.  I think they have great cocktails and chips and salsa.  I always order the same thing... chili relleno, 2 avocado enchiladas with cream sauce and papas.  Yum!  I could eat here once a week.
As a general rule, I steer clear of chain restaurants across from shopping malls, but I must admit, this place has got some seriously delicious seafood. I recommend the Pescado Guerrero - a wood-grilled tender mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, spinach, roasted peppers and sliced avocado in a white wine sauce. Yes, I totally stole that description from their website, although I did remove the word 'delicious', since I'd already used it in the previous sentence. Thought it might sound a little too repetitive if I left it in, two deliciouses so close together. Not that this dish doesn't deserve 'em both, it's just that I'm not one to repeat things unnecessarily. Omit needless words, that's what Strunk & White would say. Sharp guys. Not big Yelpers, from what I understand, but still good advice nevertheless... Although, used correctly, repetition can be an excellent rhetorical strategy for producing emphasis, clarity, amplification, even emotional effect. I guess Joe Walsh was right, there are two side to every story.

Oh, and I'd stay away from the Fundido del Mar appetizer. A little too much fondue and not enough shrimp & scallops.
Abuelo's bills itself as an Embassy of Mexican Food, and the posh decor certainly sets the stage. Picture this: shopping in Caesar's Palace with recessed fluorescent lighting trimming a domed ceiling, Dia De Los Muertos and Latin artistic touches in the plentiful paintings (including a pairs shot of Frida Kahlo and Alejandro Gmez Arias), many well-appointed nooks for dining with relative separation from the din, and hints of rural Spanish cathedrals.

Only a verbose description properly corrals the elements of this experience - a feast for the eyes. That is only matched by the feast found on their menu. I position my rating by saying that the food is slightly more traditional, with less focus on fusion combos and more on the individual flavors of key ingredients. I recommend the layered dip, with seasoned ground beef, melted queso, guac, sour cream and peppers. A lovely starter that is easily shared by two. And the complementary salsa is above average, with a well-thought-out single serving bowl per person.

The Green Chile Stew (while John, our server, raved about it) was ok. I love spice; however, the black pepper overpowered the green chiles. The beef was tender but sinewy at points; and the potatoes seemed an afterthought, having not fully absorbed the flavor of the sauce. I wanted to try the Cilantro Lime (chicken with pozole), but it was not available on that visit.

Also, the Espinaca Casserole had some great spinach but only one piece of mushroom and no noticeable peppers, as promised on the menu. Oddly, it included corn, which was not mentioned. Won't venture there again.

My dinner companion had the "linebacker's meal," as she called it (saving the leftovers for her hubby). It was the well-priced $14.95 Monterrey, with sour cream chicken enchilada, avocado enchilada, spinach enchilada, chicken ranchera enchilada, cheese chile relleno, crispy chicken taco and guacamole. The plate was scorching and the selection was amazing; something worth testing with a friend. She said it was all good but not terribly memorable.

Highlight of the trip was the service. I would have likely come back to try other selections, like some of the seafood dishes and margaritas; still, the hospitality, the attentiveness, the genuine listening skills and the efficiency will definitely make this a repeat venue.

So, be sure to sample a sampler and take a leisurely walk around the restaurant to acquaint yourself with the art, statues and murals. Tell Frida, I said "hi."
What an disaster of a restaurant. This place is like a fancy version of Del Taco, all show on the exterior and even a flashy interior but then the food arrives. If you like generic faux-Mexican food which is prepared with no care or attention then go for it. Went once, hated it, will never be back.
Nothing too new to add to the reviews of Abuelos... beautiful restaurant with mediocre, watered-down Mexican food. 
On the positive side, at least they have several decent vegetarian options. On the negative side, all of those options are loaded with greasy cheese and have very little seasoning.
The sangria tastes like fruit juice - ick.

Yet another disappointing Mexican restaurant in Phoenix - then again, I should have known better. It is a huge, corporatized chain outside a shopping mall...
Even though this is not authentic mexican food it is still really good food. Friendly service, good food, full bar, the only bad thing is if you go there during a rush you could be looking at a 30-40 minute wait
Wow, I can't believe these negative reviews.  I went there last week for the first time and I have to say that I thought that it was wonderful.  Besides some service blunders I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.
My mom never had Mexican food before (GASP!) except for the basic Taco and Taco Salads.  She ordered the enchildas as did I.  Their salsa was great.  I loved my green chile sauce that was on my enchiladas.  And I LOVED the Sangria.  I got a litre of Sangria for $9.95. Can't go wrong there.
Of course it isn't considered "authentic" Mexican food.  Who cares!  It still tasted excellent.
Lots of glitz and glam, little to back it up.

Food was meh... really expensive too.

Margs were good but I can get the same for cheaper. 
My friend got sick from the food she ate... 

Not impressed... never went back. nuff said
It's been one of my favorite places to eat for years.  I usually have either the Monterrey or the Grande which are both big combos.  If I'm really hungry I can finish them.  For about $13? it's a lot of really tasty food.  My wife has tried a wider variety of the items and she has liked everything she has tried but I think her favorite is the Cozumel which is a seafood dish.

Service has been consistently good and they don't try to rush you out if you have a group that wants to sit and talk after you finish your meal.
Best enchiladas ever. The service is just great. Maybe too efficient. But I love the place. Really among the beat Mexican I've ever had.
This restaurant has good, solid mexican food with enough variety that everyone can find something they like. It may not be the most authentic place in the world, but it gives you great ambiance and a good "nearly fine dining" experience. I've been here a couple of times and gotten good service and tasty food every time.
Abuelo's doesn't make bad food.

Abuelo's also doesn't make good Mexican food.

If you're looking for toned down versions of Mexican fare with the occasional winner, then their menu may delight you. But it's also for the most part very forgettable. You'll walk away feeling satiated and maybe even like you got your money's worth, but there's no afterglow of delicious Mexican goodness.

The glitz, the glam, and the consistently good service can't make up for the fact most of the food is just bland as hell. As someone else mentioned, it's not lack of quality ingredients; the produce is fresh, the cuts of meat are decent, and it's cooked well. There's just no flavor, much less any spice. Guy likened it to an upscale Del Taco--that's unfair to Del Taco; they at least have the balls to serve food with taste.

What's more disappointing is they weren't nearly as bad several years ago when they opened. There was still better Mexican in the Valley, but I could leave Abuelo's without feeling like I ordered a Bland Platter.
I do not know why this is so highly rated.  My family and I dined here and none of the food was very good.  Mediocre at best.  I will not be back.
Abuelos is a solid 3.5 star place, that I'll kindly round up to 4 stars due to the consistency I've experienced with the food and service over the past few years. 

Abuelos is one of those chains, that if you didn't specifically tell me I probably wouldn't know it was a chain. They serve a little bit higher end Mexican food... kind of like if Garcia's had a wealthier older brother. The decor is really nice and inviting... complete with the vaulted and painted ceilings, which I'm always a sucker for (I know, I'm easy to please). 

The food isn't an A+... it's more like a solid B, but it's a consistent B. There are a couple of dishes that I get on a regular basis. One is the steak & enchiladas, and the other is called "Mis Abuelos Manjar". The steak here is suprisingly good for a Mexican place... actually it's one of the more reliable places to go get a good and affordable cut of meat. Mis Abuelos Manjar is basically a couple of enchiladas which are smothered in sauce then topped with two eggs; pretty tasty. Also, I gotta throw a shot out to the roasted salsa they serve; you have to specifically ask for it; it's served warm and it's oh so good. 

I've never left Abuelos and thought I'd had the best meal of my life, but every time I go, I leave full and glad I made the choice to go there. 

As a sidenote, if you go to this Chandler location, ask for Theresa... she's a fun waitress. 

3.5/5.
They have the outside and inside of the restaurant decorated lavishly, but that's probably to make up for their less than mediocre food. I ordered a cheese quesadilla, and it left much to be desired. The chips were also nothing special. Nobody else in my party enjoyed their food either.
Very good food.  Nice ambiance.  AND they make a heckuva mojito!
Chain Mexican food...that is actually good!?!?! No Way!! But yes! This is one Chain you can't turn your nose up at! 

Whether it is for lunch or dinner, I am never let down with their food or service! Their lunch menu is affordable and good serving sizes, so you don't feel like you are breaking the bank.

Dinner has so many choices, but I will only name the two I rotate between. I am a huge Chile Rellenos fan, I order them every where I go and I am particular about where to get the good ones. Abuelo's has excellent Chile Rellenos!

The next dish that is probably the best one on the menu and they know it, is their LOS MEJORES DE LA CASA, which is 2 small perfectly cooked bacon wrapped beef tenderloin medallions and 2 shrimp with bacon, cheese and jalapenos, mmmmm so so so Good!!! Good along with all its synonyms in the thesaurus!!!

If you haven't tried it yet, go! What are you waiting for!?!?!?
If I had to choose between Garcia's, Macayo's, La Parilla Suiza (here in Phoenix) and Abuelo's... I'd choose Abuelo's before all the other places. Why? Simply because for a chain establishment, the food offered is quite good, and the prices comparable. 

I tend to go for the seafood choices of Abuelo's I've had the Pescado Guerrero and the Enchiladas de Cozumel. Both entrees are good, the Pescado Guerrero is a mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp,
scallops, mushrooms, spinach, roasted peppers and sliced
avocado in a delicious white wine sauce. It's delicious, the mahi-mahi isn't fishy at all, and the accompaniment of the roasted peppers with the sliced avocado balances the dish. As for the Enchiladas de Cozumel, it is crepes filled with fresh guacamole, covered
in a rich white wine sauce with a medley of perfectly seasoned
shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, fresh spinach and roasted peppers, the dish is similar to the Pescado Guerrero hence why I like both. 

Another plus for Abuelo's are its tortilla chips and salsa. The tortilla are so crisp that they're quite addictive, and the salsa is not overtly spicy, and has a thick consistency. Something that I do enjoy. So, if you have a hankering for some Mexican, I suggest you try Abuelo's if there's a location near you, it's worth it and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
Mediocre food and so so service. Would not return.
Been here a couple of times and both times I got a platter called Los Mejores de la Casa, the food was good although the sides did seem a bit bland, but I wouldn't really call this dish a Mexican dish, the chocolate flan was yummy, the restaurant is very nice looking inside and out...
I have been going to this place since it opened in 2001, For a chain the food is excellent. The service is always exceptiona,.especially if you get Margarita as your server. My out of town guests always request a return visit.
My cousin and his wife swear by this place but being the Yelper that I am I was a bit apprehensive about eating here so I had a small meal at home before joining them here for dinner. I ordered the layered dip and a carafe of Sangria. I personally feasted on chips, salsa and dip which were wonderful. My cuzzo and the wife ordered fajitas and a chicken chimi .They also consumed two pitchers of margaritas which is probably why they enjoyed the food so much. Any who,  I actually had a bite of the chimi and the fajitas and it was ok-nothing mouth watering or succulent here. It was average. All in all this a pretty cool environment for chips, salsa and a drink. Will I return? Absolutely, and I will have chips, salsa, a pitcher of margarita and a carafe of Sangria with the girls...
It's been far too long since I have been here which is sad because its probably one of my faves for chili rellenos. I always get the shredded beef rellenos with the cheese sauce and double papa's and it is lovely! Their chips are also nice and crispy and their salsa has a different roasted flavor to it which is really good. Unfortunately, the husband is not a fan because he says its not very authentic. Authentic or not, its awesome!!! The prices are good, portions huge, and the service had almost always been stellar. The only thing I would advise against though would be getting the taco's. The shells are literally the kind you would buy in a box at the store. Other than that, this place is great!
This restaurant serves really good mexican food at reasonable prices. The location and decor are great and make it look like a really expensive restaurant without the high prices. The service is almost always top-notch and prompt. My pick from the extensive menu would be the enchiladas.
This place is eye candy - beautifully decorated! Every fabric, every piece of furniture, every wall treatment...OTT. The employees are friendly and well dressed, and everything from the food down to the dinnerware and rolled silver seems thoughtfully selected/presented. (the plates are expecially colorful and v. pretty) I ordered the Tilapia with the mixed veggies - both delicious - and I'd order that again...IF there were any Abuelo's where I live (California). *sigh*
The experience would have been a lot more enjoyable if I wouldn't have had to get my own refill of water and eat chip crumbs. The chile rellenos and beef tacos are good though.
I love the ALAMBRE DE CAMARON dish, it is awesome and the papas con chiles.  I just went today for my birthday lunch and the service was great.
Best Mexican found around.    Love their scrimp chowder soup; great salsa and chips; their beef dishes are tops; have not had a meal that I did not like.    Servers are great.      Especially like Nina.     Vist at least once a month.
The salsa...can I ever say enough good things about the salsa?  I could eat it with a spoon but instead I much on their thin, crispy chips that compliment the salsa perfectly.  

Their sangria is delicious and my hubby and I split a carafe every time we go there.  My only complaint is that you can't get the happy hour price if you are eating at the restaurant - which is just 5 feet away.

We love their enchiladas and there is a fish dish (whose name escapes me right now) that is amazing.

Service is always friendly and excellent.  By far, one of our favorite restaurants!
So the place is 80% empty late on a Sunday afternoon but the hostess feels that she has to seat everyone next to each other.  It's not about the wait staff... It's about the customers!
Never been a fan of the food here. Very mediocre. 

That being said, this is one of the nicest Mexican restaurants in terms of decor and ambience. 

On a good note... the salsas are very good and taste fresh.
Gringo mexican at its' finest. 85 bucks fed six people with leftovers. My mom and I got takeout (so we could eat at our hotel- we're bad tourists), and when our food came out, the bartender carried our food out (!!). I've never had anyone offert that in Seattle. Maybe if more restaurants offered to carry out super large orders like that, I would love them more (or I'm just eating @ the wrong places). I didn't know it was a chain. Pretty predictable in terms of what you get- beans, rice, cheese, sour cream- but it still tasted better than Seattle Mexican.
Such a wonderful place to eat!!!  Besides the decor being so fantastic,,,the food is great!!!!!  We have been twice now and both times, got the yummy dip-trio with has queso, quac with an avocado cream, and a sausage queso dip with fresh hot chips.  First time I tried the tortilla soup which was authentic and really tasty.  The next time, I tried my test for all Mexican restaurants,,,,chile rellenos.  The rellenos are some of the best I have ever tried and you can fill them with cheese or tender shredded beef.  The beef is outstanding and I did one of each but next time will probably do all beef it is so good.  Both times we have also had very friendly service. Definitely going to go back because I have to try their margarita ((another of my tests for Mexican restaurants))-I will let u know how good they are) and they have a tres leches cake that I am dying to try also!!!!!!!!
As far as chain mexican food, Abuelos has to be the best. I always get the same thing there, two enchiladas both with the con carne sauce and papas and rice. The con carne sauce is delicious. Also, their salsa is interesting and has a decent amount of spice to it. The papas are like mexican mashed potatoes and they are very tasty. In addition, all of the food is very fairly priced. I would choose Abuelos over one of those other overpriced bland mexican chains any day.
Wasn't impressed ,service was slow and food was pretty much flavorless. The building however is impressive.
I have been a fan of Abuelo's since I discovered it in Colorado in the late 1990's. Their food is consistently delicious for a chain type American restaurant. I was pleased to find this Chandler location and have come here at least a half a dozen times. The building, decor and dining experience is excellent. The service has always been superb and friendly. The salsa is good and I enjoy the enchiladas. You should come to this restaurant for those reasons. If you want truly "authentic" Mexican food then book a US Airways Flight to Puerto Vallarta or dine in a hole in the wall restaurant in South Phoenix but then B.Y.O.G (Bring Your Own Glock)
Not vegan/vegetarian friendly at all. The beans have bacon in them. The server was able to hook it up with some veggie fajitas, off the menu, but still not exactly the kind of thing I would really want to pay money for.

Felt a bit sick after words, so my assumption is that either the food was tainted or that I accidentally ate some sort of animal protein that my body is not able to digest well.

The only reason why I'm not giving Abuelo's is because my server was super helpful in finding me something to eat.
Reminds me of a place back in Chicago me and my wife would eat at. Looking forward to the happy hour there, as the deals looked pretty good, and the food was excellent. Really liked it.
There happy hour is pretty good. The tacos are cheap and they have some other rather affordable options. Sorry to say I don't remember the exact prices. Beers are also affordable and the happy hour food options are both satisfying and filling.

The happy hour prices are only available in the bar and the seating is somewhat limited, so unless you're willing to wait for those seats or get there right when happy hour starts you might not want to try it.

Service is prompt and helpful and I have been pretty satisfied every time we've been.
First off, i've never met a person, let alone hostess, so depressing, rude, and not helping.  We politely said hello and asked for a booth, she looked at us like we were from Mars, and didn't say a word.  Whispered something to another girl, who sat us, without a word.

The only reason this restaurant is getting 1 star, is because of the delicious cheesecake dessert and cup of coffee, awesome! Also, the ambiance is fantastic, fabulous idea with the cloud ceiling.

Our server, Brittany, was rude, impatient, short, and the least bit helpful.  The only reason I know her name is because I heard her greet another table next to ours.  She didn't check on us more than once, the very polite busser lady took better care of us!  

The food was NOT traditional, completely chainy, heavy, and full of oil.  I guess i'm just spoiled with good Mexican food from where I live...

The salsa tasted, (and looked), like tomato paste.  The chips were light and delicious though.  

Basically, there is a reason the other Abuelo's have closed.
Waitress wise:nice, attentive, good. Food wise: 2 people from a group of 6, liked their meal. Chips greasy and thin. salsa thin and watery. Reynosa
salad appeared w/lettuce and seasoned ground beef. That's it??? Had to say: "where is the rest of my salad? Missing 5 ingredients... Brought out the rest of it... but, come on... it sucked. Enchiladas (steak) were good,
cheese con queso is the best thing on the menu...Drink wise: Get the seasonal Samuel Adams, not a great beer selection..Nice clean restaurant..just needs to get better food..
Soooo I was checking out my Yelp profile and decided to up my ante with another review... this time, not so great.  

I was starving (what else is new?) on a Friday night so I dragged my boyfriend out for some Mexican fare.  Let's start at the door: the hostess didn't look too excited to greet or seat us.  Our server took our drink order, we received our trusty chips and salsa, and got to work.  

The menu was pretty standard for an "upscale" Mexican restaurant, seafood selection and all.  After the server described "The Monterrey" plate as one you could fit a turkey on, I was convinced.  This hefty entree consists of four different types of enchiladas, a chile cheese relleno, chicken taco, and guac... how could we possibly go wrong?

The plate arrived ginormous, as promised; I just wasn't particularly impressed by any of it.  As much as I love food, I am a quality over quantity kind of girl, and this entree was not cuttin' it.  I honestly can't point out anything in particular that I did not like about the plate, it just wasn't memorable, finger lickin' good, or (please insert cliche here).  

When dessert was offered, we politely declined.  Our waiter dropped the check fleetingly and muttered a "Thank You" or something of that sort as he zipped past our table.  I do give the place props on decor, as the paintings, statues, and lighting throughout the restaurant are impressive and reminiscent of the culture of Mexico.
If you have not experienced Abuelo's I highly recommend you give it a try.    In my opinion the food is excellent.     The shrimp chowder is to die for.    Their prime rib on Thursday's is the best.     Their traditional mexican food is good.     I  tend to like all their other  fish, beef & pork menu items.      You cannot go wrong by trying this establishment.
mid-afternoon is definitely different than dinner. still tasted good.

we usually get the layered dip, it's totally messy and not as good as i think it should be, but i like it anyhow.

i get the durango burro and matt gets some combo monstrosity.

service is...meh, average. queso is tasty.
I'm a big fan.  Have been for years.  Just the IDEA of going to Abuelos can brighten my mood.  I usually order the enchiladas - various kinds, love them all.

A few reviewers have mentioned the service as subpar, but that hasn't ever been my experience at all - it's always been quite good, regardless of the server.
This place as just ok... I expected far too much from this place.  Guacomole should NEVER contain mostly sour cream... such an easy thing to make.  Calling it a dip does not excuse this!
Very good one of my favorite Mexican places, you can't go wrong here. Prices reasonable. Even if it's not on the menu they do their best to get it for you. Never had a problem here.
I have recently fallen in love with their spinach enchiladas with queso sauce. Seriously, the best spinach enchilada I have ever had. Because of this, I have determined I like Abuelos even more and upped their score to 5 stars. Also, I have never had bad service here and the atmosphere is beautiful.
Took a guest to Abuelo's for dinner. I was very embarrassed. First off, the atmosphere was nice. Very unique! Our service was great but there was not a lot of people there. The chips were good but the salsa tasted like they squirted Macayo's taco sauce into a bowl and called it fresh!( My guest came up with this comparison!)  

My guest had a steak fajita chimi plate that came with rice and beans. The presentation was gorgeous! The cheese sauce on top tasted like the canned Nacho cheese sauce you might get at a state fair. In fact...my guest said that was all he could taste! The refried beans were very bland. No lard for sure! The rice resembled a Chinese fried rice which was just weird!  He hated it so much that he didn't eat much. 

I had the steak Fajita's which were supposed to be marinated.(NOT)! It was over cooked(some spots were even burnt and crunchy) fatty cheap steak. My guess, Flank or Skirt steak! The veggies under it were not Mexican! They consisted of broccoli, zucchini, yellow squash, a few peppers and a lot of onions. It was served with a bowl of pinto beans. They were soupy and tasted like liquid smoke! I didn't eat much of my dinner either! 

I have traveled many places and dined in many exquisite establishments. This in no way resembled Mexican or Spanish cuisine in any way.  Just gross and VERY over priced!

http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
I went with my family to celebrate father's day. 

I will start with the positives. delicious food, great decor, friendly servers, tasty drinks, quick service, yadda yadda yadda.

My only complaint would be the hostesses. They were both polite enough with the "Welcome to abuelos" "thanks for coming" but paired with the least enthusiastic manner. They lacked personality. The girls both looked like they were not thrilled to be there. 

If the hostesses made me feel like they were glad to have me then I would've given the restaurant five stars! I would recommend eating here. Hostesses will not ruin your meal.
Chips were good but crushed to little bits. Shrimp cocktail was terrible. Cilantro rice pretty good.
I recently went to Abuelos with my wife for a date night before hitting the movies across the street. We were seated promptly. 

I enjoyed my 4 enchilada plate. I've never had an avocado enchilada before.  I mixed up the other enchiladas with pork and beef with various sauces on top. The beans and rice were good and reminded me of what I'm used to in certain place ins California. 

My wife had steak/shrimp fajitas. She enjoyed her meal. The only complain was the small amount of cheese, sour cream, etc that comes with the plate.  The steak was juice and tender and the shrimp was cooked nicely.

Our food came out quickly, as we ordered and hot.

The server was attentive.to our need, refills and also returned the check in a timely manner 

Was this the best mexican fare I've had, no, but I definitely think the food is above average.

The inside wasn't what I normally think of at a Mexican place. Had a nice ambiance and atmosphere that I've grown accustomed to at most mexican places I've gone to throughout the US.

Overall, I was happy with the meal and experience and will be back again.
This is a go-to place for me and my family when I'm in town. The primary reason? Well, the really good quality food, of course. But more than that, this is a place that has quality food for all types of people. My mother is someone who very rarely eats Mexican food because the spice (and really ANY spice at all) is too much for her. I, on the other hand, like things fairly spicy. Others prefer to be sweating heavily into their dishes...so understandably, the wide variety of preference can be hard to cater to. This place has it all, and did I say quality? Quality food here. Just quality...

...And quantity! Pretty big dishes. Others have complained about the severs but I've never had a problem. Drinks stay full, people are nice and are not hovering over your table constantly. Ive never been spoken to rudely or any of that nonsense, just kind of typical average dinner-going experiences all around.

The decor and atmosphere are quite nice. You really get the feeling you're in some fancy casita owned by some drug lord somewhere in Mexico. Was that racist? Whatever. Its inviting, its a little flashy, it gives your eyes somewhere to wander if your date is boring as sin.

They have their own unique spin on things for a restaurant of this type: ie offering potatoes as an option to rice & beans, monstrous combo plates, etc. I like that because it makes it an experience you're really not going to find elsewhere too easily. Keeps me coming back.

Overall, I highly recommend this place. Yeah its gringo mex fare, but its pretty delicious anyway. Great place to have a beer or five with your meal, and I think you'll be coming back often as well.
Best place for Mexican in AZ.  I am curious--people who give this a bad rating--what place do you find better for Mexican?  Macayos???  Carolinas?  Both are disgusting compared to Abuelos.  would love to know what places these people find to be good--odds are they are horrible places.

Get the grande.  It is the best Mexican dinner in Arizona.  but be hungry!
Yum! After reading several reviews about other Mexican restaurants in the area, I decided to take my friends to Abuelos and I'm so glad I did! We started off with the Dip Sampler which was yummy & hot! The chips were endless and the waitress happily accommodated our requests for a spicier salsa. My friends ordered the Avocado enchiladas and the beef enchiladas with a crunchy chicken taco on the side. Both couldn't stop raving about the fresh ingredients and authentic taste. I ordered the Shrimp Yucatan Fajitas. They came out sizzling and were delicious! 

The waitress was so friendly and helpful, the layout of the restaurant was authentic and kind of gave us a feel of the Venetian in Vegas with the high domed ceiling. I will definitely go back to Abuelos!
Really cool looking place, but all of the creativity is in the design of the building and it doesn't seem like any is put into the food.  Hit a street taco vendor instead.
Was shopping with my son, daughter and her fianc Sat afternoon and I said I was hungry and daughter said she wanted tamales and I was like no, I'm not getting tamales, I want a burger, so we kept shopping and then I said are you guys up to trying something new, and they said yea, so I said let's try Abuelos, and man are we glad we did! 

When we got their we 1st ordered the Abuelos dip sampler, which had a cheese dip, a bean dip and their avocado cream, which was like a guacamole whipped with air, not my fav, but everyone loved the bean & cheese dip. Also ordered a pineapple infused maragarita, man that was delish!!


I ordered the Nogales, which was beef & chicken rolled into a flour tortilla enchilada style, that my friend was a perfect dish!! Others ordered the Sonora, Tilapia Veracruz, beef and cheese enchilada combo! All the dishes were perfect and delish!! The heat was there I was a happy camper!! Love the spicy food!!! 

Look forward to coming back and trying other items on the menu! 
Oh by the way the daughter that wanted tamales, never ordered them, she went with the enchiladas LOL
Love this place. it's a must when people come visit from out of town. the food is great, and the prices aren't bad.  The staff is hit or miss.  never seen a manager going around before... but if you want to be left alone and EAT.. then your good. nice and clean place. patio is nice if you don't get some family with brats next to you while your on a date night but that's not the resaurant's fault it was that bad mom's. :)
Went there for my neices graduation last week. There were twelve of us and everyone had something different. The chicken fajitas were great and I heard no complaints from anyone. The sangria and margaritas went down pretty easy as well.
I have never, ever had a bad experience here....the food is fabulous (I'm partial to the Avocado Enchiladas) and the margaitas are the best.  I've never had anything less than excellent service.  I wish they were closer to me!!!
So when my old professor suggested we meet here I was astonished at the grandiosity of the place, not unlike a colonial governor's palace on the Mexican Riviera: "Damn, he said a Mexican restaurant, pero este es un pinche EMBAJADA de la comida mexicana!"

First off, this is highly gringified Mexican food, mellowed out for the more sensitive gringo palates of suburban Chandler (right up professor's alley, as he's from Indiana). If you want the real thing, go to Guadalupe, or better yet, South Tucson. That said, the food wasn't bad at all, in fact, it was quite good. Frozen margaritas packed a punch, and the place is quite charming, with lots of hanging potted plants and colorful murals. Service was prompt and polite. Whether its totally worthy of being a self-proclaimed embassy of cuisine is in doubt, but Abuelo's is definitely reasonable, given the price.
Great Mexican food restaurant, the portions are huge, so if your on a budget it is easy to split. If I want sit down Mexican this is my first choice by far. Prices are decent, very clean, and people are friendly.
It is as if Paula Deen and her band of merry sons commandeered the kitchen of this place.  I'm not saying it isn't pretty tasty.  How could it not be when all of the standard Mexican recipes have been adulterated with copious amounts of butter, cream, and over fatty additives.  I'd love to see what the calorie count is on these dishes because I'd wager that the vast majority are in 4 digit country.
Came here on a Saturday night. We waited about 20 minutes. Seated promptly and served great tortilla chips with equally good salsa. Didn't get our place settings until after our food came out, but the server was wet courteous.
Ok...I know we live in Arizona...and have alot of great authentic Mexican restaurants around...that being said....I frequent Abuelos about once every two weeks....be it with co workers or with my wife. I give this place 5 stars.....

I know it's a chain but I think the food is tasty...the ambience is really very nice too. Relatively speaking its cheap too. I think their chips and salsa are pretty good. I usually judge Mexican restaurants based on their chili rellenos they have two kinds one filled with cheese and the other shredded beef...both are delicious. 

They have the standard rice and beans that most Mexican restaurants serve with everything...but they have an option called "papas con chili" ...imagine a cheesy mashed potato casserole...I don't think Mexican when I request it with the rice because I'm not a big fan of beans....but I still think it tastes good.

I recommend this place if your looking for a good bite! I've probably been here a total of 15 times or so...and have never had a poor experience.
Ok, this is going to be a little hard for me to review......First, since I appreciate people who help me find places I can eat at that have many dairy free options, and I like to do the same for them, I'm telling you (the anit-moo juice crowd) now, this is NOT one of those places. Pretty much everything on the menu has cream or cheese as an integral part of the dish. Even the tortillas are warmed on skillets covered in butter. So, if you are like me, I would skip this place.

However, if you are like the majority of the population who enjoy dairy products spread all over your food, you will love this place! It's not really Mexican food as much as it is Tex-Mex. Lot's of enchiladas and tacos and burritos. The portions are HUGE...you definitely get a lot of bang for your buck! Everyone at our table (we were a table of 20) was very happy with their meals....The chips and salsa were really good too!! (I usually judge a restaurant such as this by their chips and salsa...) I ended up having a salad with cheese and whatnot removed, and salsa for dressing, as most of the dressings also had dairy in them......

Service was SUPERB! As I mentioned, we had 20 people at our table.....we were seated in less than ten minutes, our water and chips were never dry......and we only had one waiter!! He did SO well! He knew the menu very well too, and was able to help me find something I could eat. 

So, 4 stars for service and everyone being happy, and one star docked for there not being more allergen friendly dishes......
I have visited Abuelo's many time at different locations and the service is always good no matter which location. 
One of my favorite dishes is the chicken and zucchini in a cream sauce. The sauce is is well balanced and very tasteful . The portions are big but they have a Senior menu and a lunch menu with same choices and smaller portions.
I would not say this is the most authentic mexican food but is probably one of my favorite mexican restaurants in the area and I like it because it offers a variety of dishes besides the traditional tex-mex ones.
Awesome food!! I thought everything was really good here.. Chips and salsa were great too and service was very good.
I love their pitcher of margaritas!
After all of the hype this places seems to have I must say that I didn't really see what all the rave was about. 

Pro's:
Quick Service
Unique Atmosphere
Great Chips & Salsa

Con's:
Dishes are to big, and quality is lacking.
Servers are not a knowledgeable as they should be

Will we go back? Maybe..........
I'm a person for whom bad service can "break" any meal.  In the service category Abuelo's did not disappoint.  On our weekday lunchtime visit we were seated quickly,  our chips and salsa arrived within two minutes, and our server appeared just a moment behind.  Initially my daughter declined appetizers so we could actually eat our lunch, but I couldn't resist - ordering Spring Rolls from the tapas section and a Shrimp Cocktail from the "regular" appetizer list.  The Spring Rolls were "eh," (and I wouldn't order them again) but the Shrimp Cocktail was amazing and actually the most tasteful item of those ordered.  It consisted of at least a dozen shrimp, and was served in a huge margarita glass with pita chips on the side.  It was definitely a sharable amount for four people, but the two of us ate it all and were then too full for our "real" lunch.  Within 5 minutes of presenting our volcano hot entrees, our server returned asking if we'd like a box for leftovers.  Two full plates came home.  Reheated Mexican food is never good but we made an attempt for dinner...yuck.  Although this is hard to admit, next time I'll do as my daughter says and just order lunch sans appetizers (Daughter = 1 / Mom = 0).  The food looked good, and on our next visit, we'll eat it.
We went to Abuelo's for the first time this evening for a relative's birthday. The food and service was really great! Huge portions. Our server, Heather, was great! She gave us chips with salsa and guacamole to-go at no extra cost! We would definitely like to come back again in the future :)
We've been here twice.  The first time I thought it was great.  Chips and salsa were really good.  Waiter asked us if we liked a hotter salsa and brought some out.  Margaritas were good too.  I had the Enchiladas de Cozumel.  Crepes filled with guacamole and topped with a white wine sauce and shrimp, scallops, spinach and roasted red peppers.  OMG....it was so yummy.  Ridiculously fattening and bad for you, but yummy!  Second time we sat on the patio, which is kind of depressing, and we were the only people out there.  The dish I ordered was not great either.

So, one great experience, one average.  I'm sure we'll go back though.
We've been here a number of times.  The service is always consistent, the chips and salsa are always fresh, and the food is great.  Last time I was there I got the fajitas - and I subbed the green peppers for jalapenos - and I was pleasantly surprised to find they were fresh rather than jarred.  Very tasty, the only thing that keeps us from going more often is the long wait on weekends.
The food here is just ok. I have eaten at Abuelo's a handful of times over the years and the only meal that really stands out in my memory is the shrimp Veracruzano. I think their version of that dish is pretty good. Most of their plates fit the Phoenix Mexican restaurant MO: rice and refried beans with an entree that is fried and/or covered in cheese and chilli sauce.

The decor at Abuelo's for some reason reminds me of a Vegas casino. A little over the top. Kind of cheesey but still fun and nice it its own way. Service has always been good. If I remember right they have a decent bar, too.

This is not on my regular rotation but I am willing to go here if someone else invites me.  For more authentic Mexican you can try Espo's down the street but you will not get the same level of service or ambiance.
What a disappointment.....hostess at front seemed to be in a bad mood and didn't even smile. Server was great. I tried one of the featured margaritas on menu and it was terrible, it did not even resemble the picture. My girlfriend ordered the shredded beef tacos, I could not even look at her plate because it reminded me of canned dog food. She said it tasted like beef stew in a tortilla...and the "papas" that came with it were we think mashed potatoes with cheese on top. I ordered a enchilada and a relleno...sauce tasted like taco bell and the relleno was a was bland even covered with salsa and stuffed with processed cheese product...it was a waste of $50!
Chips are thin. Food is expensive and not much. Asked for no tomato, onions, mushrooms- got tomato and peppers( not listed on menu) won't return. Husband complained of not many fixings. On to another restaurant
I've eaten here many times with my family and the food and service has always been great. It's not receiving my restaurant coveted fifth star because I find the food selection to be on the small side. Also, the desert menu has only two deserts on it and if your not a fan of traditional Mexican desserts your out of luck. I usually order 'The Laredo' which is an enchilada dish with beans and rice it's delicious and while it is a sizable portion it's not overwhelming. The atmosphere here is lovely you aren't talking over anyone and the booths are a bit taller so you have some privacy which is a big plus for me. I hate constantly locking eyes with the person in the next booth when I'm having a conversation or chowing down! Give this place a try, I'm pretty confident you won't be disappointed.
OK, We finally tried Abuelo's and sat in the restaurant area. Service was excellent, prompt and chips n salsa was better than most places.. Got the Mexican Shrimp cocktail to start... AWESOME , better than my homemade version which is often requested at pot lucks n bbq's... next was the chili relleno's also very very good. Wife had tamales or enchiladas ,,, very good, so good, we wont be going to Macayo's anymore..

Next trip, we just wanted an appetizer, so we sat at the bar. little busy, but wow ,, the happy hour large glass of Kiltlifter $3.50 ... 3 n 4 dollar appetizers ..nuff said,, ,,, 

We are going about 2 times a week now, which is a lot for us.. 

!! best day is Thursday for the Prime Rib..... best prime rib i have ever had so far.... puts any other steak house down when it comes to prime rib... !!

See you there Thursday... We'll be at the bar ordering our couple glasses Draft Beer and the Prime Rib !!
Someone said they had great Mexican food.  I ordered a chili relleno it came with beans and rice.  Nothing special about it at all.  The cheese was weird.  Usually its a white cheese and this was a sharp cheddar just didnt go well together and tasted odd.  The rice was tasteless like they didnt use spices.  It wasnt even worth eating.  Same went for the beans just bland and yuck.  I didnt feel like telling them but the waitress was really nice and she could tell that I didnt like it and she persisted so I let her know yuck.  She took it off bill which was nice but we wont ever be back again.  This experience happened a few months ago I just forgot to post the review.
This is my GO TO place.

I really like the Enchilada plate - so many choices and they are all delicious. My two favorite are the cheese and the avocado!

Nom nom nom. Actually writing this review makes me want to go there right this minute!
I LOVED this restaurant - I was looking for some great Mexican before heading back East and I was so happy I chose Abuelo's!  I sat at the bar and Spike was awesome and very helpful in making recommendations.  I was there before Happy Hour ended and had a large beer and guac that was fabulous.  Then the chips are scrumptious with the three salsas....loved the chipotle fire roasted tomato - perfect kick of heat! Then the fajitas were so good I didn't want to stop eating!  The bacon wrapped shrimp and pineapple pork was amazing.  I was a happy girl at the end of the evening!!!! Upon my return to Chandler I will definitely be back!!!! YUM!!!
I don't like leaving bad reviews, but this place is getting one. 

I'd see this place along Chandler Blvd, I was told by a coworker it was her "favorite place to go - best Mexican she ever had". She may have been an idiot and I may have had high expectations, but I expected SOMETHING edible. 

The chips & salsa were mediocre at  best, probably not even that. 

Beer was ok I guess - got a pitcher. 

But the food was horrendous. 

The tasteless things my wife got were just a joke - NOTHING seemed to have much flavor or quality. 

Our server was relatively hapless.. I'd NEVER go back. 

Even Arriba further down Chandler Blvd is much better than this. 

Skip it.
I love this place! Most people either love or hate this place but I have been coming to their establishments in 3 different states for about 15 years. Their food is amazing, and more times that not the service is fine. I have had instances where I have to remind a server to be more attentive and have only had to send food back once or twice. I highly recommend their pork tenderloin- be careful, its spicy. Their papas are rich and wonderful, and their fajitas are pretty decent. I do not care for their seafood, but I do enjoy their poblano stuffed chicken breasts. Their shredded beef enchiladas are wonderful. 

I do notice reviews where people simply do not like Abuelo's food- and that's ok, to each his own, it is CERTAINLY a different taste that 99% of well established chains and  mom-and-pop restaurants nationwide. I, personally base all mexican food off of this restaurant, and nothing else really measures up. This restaurant is in a league of its own. 

I hope you have a good experience with quality-- PLEASE tell a manager if you dont- these chains really want to give you a wonderful experience, but they cant get better unless you tell them of downfalls. Most often when I have complained and explained my loyalty over the years and what I have come to expect, I will usually be given a new order or a free meal.
We were in Chandler just for the day and checked yelp for a good place to have Mexican food and saw the review on Abuelo's and chose it.  It was great! We would go there again next time in town, highly recommend it , good service, good food, good price.
Always a family favorite.  Although it is a 'chain', the food is always great.  I tried something new tonight [Pork Tenderloin] and was very happy I did!  It was fantastic.  The staff is always great and we have neve had anythign but a great dining experience there.
Great place for mexican food if your white and never had homemade. Just like Seranos or any other chain, plus its more expensive.
Have not been here in quite awhile.  Mistake, When in Phoenix we are always trying out new places to keep up with my "Yelp" searches.   So unfortunately, being this is a chain restaurant which I do not ascribe to,  I put Abuelo's on the back burner.  Starting  with the chips and salsa was a real treat.  The chips are very thin, crispy and no grease.  Less calories.  Gotta start somewhere with calorie counting when it comes to Mexican food.  The salsas were awesome.  The green one is the best I ever had.  I could just munch on chips and the green salsa and forget the food.  I asked the server what it comprised of.  To my surprise, it was mixed with fresh pineapple and cilantro. We all ordered an assortment of the usual Mexican fare, enchilladas, chille rellanos, The rice was very tasty as well as mashed potatoes Mexican style which was awesome.  It is called Papas.  Huge portions.  The restaurant itself is a nice setting,  like you are sitting in an outdoor plaza.  I do wish they would come to the Tucson area.
Ok I can eat here and be full but nothing to write home about......
While visiting the area from Cali, my friend was told about this place by some women who work at Nordies. So, we decided to try it out as we were both hungry for Mexican food. Ate here on a Friday night, waited about 10 minutes to be seated and had ordered off the gluten free menu shortly after. I choose the three ground beef tacos on soft corn torts. Most gluten free torts aren't soft, so I questioned that before ordering. Also, I wanted to substitute the meat for carne asada as I am not a fan of ground beef but the waiter said that they put MSG in their carne asada. Yuck, I thought and decided to stick with ground beef. They were okay, nothing special. They do have yummy green mild salsa though, which was better than my entire dinner. Service was great. I haven't heard that a Mexican restaurant uses MSG in their food before though. My friend order their chicken and steak fajitas, she said it was okay. I wondered though if her meat had MSG too. Eek!!
Been almost a year now and have had great experiences and have a few friends that stop by regularly. Appetizers have been consistent the entire time. Prime Rib has been consistently good. Drinks have always been cold. 

Service for us is always great, we almost always sit at the bar n the ENTIRE staff are great.

1st Time here i would suggest.
Happy Hour 
Margaritas or Kiltlifter LARGE
Alambre Camarones
Pork Carnitas
Mexican Shrimp Cocktail (The Acapulco is also very good)

Enjoy and say hi if u see me n the wife there. !!
My husband and I went to Abuelo's for dinner on a Saturday night.  The wait was not too long.  Unfortunately, we were seated at a partially cleaned table and had a server that was quite oblivious to our presence.  We spoke with the manager, JR, and he was very professional and customer oriented.  He apologized for our experience and made it right.  I was very impressed with his reaction to the complaint & will definitely go back to Abuelo's knowing that their leadership cares about their guests' experiences.
Incredible food - never disappointed. Drinks are pricy - and service was pushy about ordering more drinks - but the food is well worth every penny
Ate there with the wife last night. Everything tasted to us like it was straight out of a can and came to the table cold. Server was nice, but the everything home made speech is a crock. Just because it was put in a pot, then from a pot to a plate does not mean it should be called homemade or hand made.
Went with a party of five and had extremely slow kitchen service.  Apparently they were recovering from a very busy rush, but it still took us well over 45 minutes to get our food after ordering.   By the time the food arrived we'd gone through six buckets of chips and salsa.   The server did bring us some guacamole for our trouble and she was very pleasant, but that didn't make up for the slow kitchen.   We finally got our food and one of our guests had fish tacos and the flour tortillas were literally stuck to the plate and couldn't even be scraped off with a fork or knife.   Apparently they'd been sitting in the window for 20 minutes attaching themselves to the plate under heat lamps.   

The server was very apologetic and brought us some fresh fish tacos and even took off 30% of our bill for all the time we had to wait, but I can't give four stars to a Mexican joint that can't pop off a dinner for a table in over 30 minutes.  It's Mexican food.  Just scoop the meat into the shell and ladle on some sauce and send it out!
I live down the street from this location so my fiance and I have been here several times now. The food has always been good and the service is usually pretty good, the only time we have had and issue is when it has been extremely busy. The large size draught beer (I get kilt lifter) is almost as big as my head for only $5.86 which is pretty darn good. I have gotten the cheese enchiladas with Colorado red sauce the last couple of times and they have been great. The durango shredded beef burrito is also amazing and it's topped with queso sauce which is melt in your mouth. The margarita's are so so and pretty pricey so if you had to choose between beer and a margarita here I would choose beer. Overall good Mexican food at a reasonable price. I will be back.
The Monetary is amazing we love the spinach enchilada
I love their super thin chips and the salsa is great. The food is good for a chain and the service is terrific.

I love their guacamole cream and their flan and Tres Leche is to die for!
Okay this review is long overdue. This is my favorite restaurant of all time. I can't believe that I just found out about Abuelo's in November 2012. But I can tell you that I go there on a weekly basis to get my avocado enchiladas, papas and beans. Plus the chips and salsa are to die for. If you like hot ask the waiter or waitress to bring you the inferno sauce, it is the best but only available upon request. I have tried many other items on the menu and they are all awesome. My husband's favorite is the stuffed chicken medallions but he is always trying new specials and they never disappoint. If you have not tried Abuelo's you are missing out on some incredible food.
I've eaten here a few times now. Before I was celiac and after. Prior it was good.  But if you are coming for gluten free food , go elsewhere.
I have eaten here 6 times over the last 7 years and had good experiences.  My family and I weent early for Mother's Day dinner and I saw a shift in service and food quality.  On the plus side, the the Dip Sampler appetizer was one of the best I had.  But the service was very slow even when our waitress went down to 3 tables.  My wife's drink, ordered when we sat down, took 20 minutes to arrive.  She had a special request for the drink and it was ignored.  I had the Beef & Cheese Chimichanga.  It was VERY BAD.  The ground beef was either old or spoiled and it tasted sour.  I took two bites and stopped.  The waitress looked at me and said, "You don't like it?  Still deciding, huh?"  and then walked away.  She came back 15 minutes later and I kindly requested that it be taken off the bill.  She said a manager would come by the table, but he or she never did.  The charge was taken off the bill.  My wife's entree - the Juarez - and my daughter's Child's Beef Taco were fine.  My son's Fajita Tacos looked liked they were literally thrown together with no attempt at presentation.  When my family was finished eating their entrees, the waitress said she would bring the check and didn't ask us if we would like dessert or anything else.  Some may chalk off  my bad experience to it being Mother's Day, but if  restaurant can't give good service and great food when busy, why would you want to go there in the first place?
I have been going here since they opened in Chandler.  I used to love this restaurant specifically for their grilled chicken salad.  Over the years this particular salad has gone downhill.  I even asked the manager if they changed the recipe and he said no. It used to be filled with wonderful ingredients and now it looks like they opened a bag of pre-cut lettuce and dumped it on a plate with hardly any other veggies.  I also enjoyed the salsa they used to serve a while ago.  Now they have 3 different salsas brought out and none of them match the quality of the original salsa.
This is the best Mexican restaurant chain in AZ. They always have provided good quality food, proportions and prices. My favorite thing to order there is the Grande Plate Three enchiladas, one beef, one cheese, and one sour cream chicken, chile relleno, tamale, crispy beef taco, and guacamole and beans/papas. Get the "papas" versus the beans they are crudely mashed with spices and skins. They also have great drinks and the margaritas are pretty good. The atmosphere feels like upscale dining with great architecture, art, music and professional wait staff.
Abuelos has been there for a long time but for some reason I have never been there. So I decided to try it. Walking in, I was very impressed with the decor - looked like the Cheesecake Factory - or maybe a casino. Sat at the bar and started with a margarita. It was ok. Tasted a little watered down. I had 2 of them - which usually does the trick for me - these must have been really light on tequila because I did not feel the alcohol. They brought chips and 3 salsas. The salsas tasted out of the can - and chips were out of a bag- not much taste. I had a combo with enchilada, tamale, taco, rice and beams. The taco beef tasted like Taco Bell but it did have nice lettuce and tomato - the shell was crisp. Tamale tasted like out of a can although it was sitting on a husk. Avocado enchilada was smothered in a white cheese- the advocado was out of a can - smooth texture with no flavor. The rice and beans were tasty.  I kept waiting for something to kick in after I finished my 2nd drink - it felt like I had 3/4 of a real drink since they were so watered down. My bill was $31. - after tip I walked out spending $36 for a below average meal. Abuelos probably stays in business from sun lakes residents and people in from out of town that think this is the authentic southwest Mexican food.  Go down to Rositas on Dobson/Guadalupe - not much on decor - but the food, chips/salsa, and drinks blow this place away.  Mexican food should have some flavor - Abuelo's is overall very bland.
This place is huge and nice....seemingly fancy but not at all. 

I had a beergarita to start, YUM! Nice and big. They also serve chips and salsa to start so that was cool too.

I had the chicken and enchilada plate with rice and the cheesey potatoes. This food is pretty Americanized which is fine by me since I am not a huge fan of this fare normally. The enchilada was so so in my mind but the taco was really good. I had the ground beef taco. The rice was typical rice but good and the cheesey potatoes were amazing (how cnayou go wrong with cheese and potatoes creamed to a nice puree?!)

Boyfriend got a HUGE platter of tacos and enchiladas and rice and beans and potatoes. I MEAN HUGE! It all tasted good and he's a huge critic since this is his favorite kind of food. He admitted his was Americanized as well but you can't complain if something tastes good right?

His mom was with us and she got the tilapia dish. It looked really healthy and smelled really good. Fresh veggie mix as the side with some rice and shrimp on top of the fish.

Overall I think this place was good. We had a gift card here so that was our excuse for going there. I don't know if we would ever go again since we don't live in the area but I am not ruling it out.
I ended up in this restaurant by accident. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because their nachos were not enough for 2 people, they had to refill our basket twice since we were munching on them like they were the last snack on earth. As soon as we walked into this place I felt I was eating at an upscale museum, the dcor is simply beautiful and refreshing and I even told my friend I feel I am not in Arizona, feels like we are somewhere in Mexico. I ordered their lemon salmon with veggies and rice, again food is very flavorful but to me the rice was too small not enough, the salmon was a good portion but rice and veggies to me didn't fill the plate cause I wanted more. I would definitely come back with friends and try something new on the menu or maybe order the same salmon again since I wanted more, it was very tasty with the lemon butter on top. The waitress was sweet and helpful, our order didn't take too longer to come to our table. I was a  happy customer.
Great service, great meal.  Medalions cooked to perfection, very good margaritas, the Flan was worth writing home about.  It could  be called Crema Catalan.  Excellent.
This place is great and reasonably priced.  When I have a craving for Mexican food, the husband and I usually come here.  We stopped here for dinner last week and it was awesome, albeit a little loud.  The hubby had the chimichange and I had the stacked enchiladas.  Both were great and we had some leftovers for lunch the next day.  YAY!
This was really good! I have passed by here a 100 times and never been in. I was missing out! I love the cheesy decor that others have talked about in their reviews. I like it, gives it some charm and family feel for a chain. Almost feels like you are outdoors. 

Lets start with the Sangria. Mmmmm. That was some good stuff! The chips come out with three differnt salsa's. I loved 2 of the 3 and there was nothing wrong with the 3rd, just not my cup of tea. I had a shredded beef burrito smothered in cheese with guacamole. It was really good. Very flavorful and I would get it again in a second. The rice and beans were very good as well but next time I want to try the potatoes with chili. I had a bite of someone elses plate and they were fantastic, I was very jealous! 

Server was very friendly, fast, and kept our water filled and checked on us. Prices were reasonable and they have an email club that you get buy one get one free for your birthday. I will be back to try more menu items soon.
Abuelo's has become one of my favorite local restaurants over the last few months. My fianc and I dine here often and the consistency has been very good. I often times order two cheese enchiladas with onions and rice and beans  and they are delicious. My fianc enjoys the steak and enchiladas and the ribeye has been very good quality meat every time. The habanero salsa is phenomenal and you often times have to request it but I highly recommend doing so if you like spicy.

The service can be hit or miss but most times it is very good. The management overall seems to keep this restaurant running very smoothly and overall we have rarely had any issues. Abuelo's hits the spot every time! I will be back!
Really like this place. Good food, decent prices. At lunch time I always ask to be seated in Nina's section. She has to be one of the nicest waitresses ever!
Dinner with friends was tasty and made for an enjoyable evening. We all ordered off the "over 60" menu (are we really that old?) and it was a good deal & good food. Margaritas were excellent. Ate here a couple of months ago with a larger group and enjoyed that evening. All staff have always been friendly and efficient.
Food was excellent! I had their Ti Risto Enchilada's and they had a great kick and flavor to them. Look forward to having them again.
Tonight we had a five star experience at Abeulo's. From start to finish we had a great dinner. This may not be a five star restaurant for everyone but for me this hits the spot and tonight the service and food were both top notch.

Our waitress Amy was wonderful and very engaging. She made sure that we had everything that we needed and was wonderful throughout. One of the food runners, Ryan definitely deservers a call out for his outstanding customer service. I hope that the managers of Abuelo's check these reviews because Ryan is really a great guy and he deservers recognition. He always remembers my fianc and I and he always makes good conversation. He makes sure that we have everything we need and it is people like Ryan who make us want to continue coming back to Abuelo's again and again.

Every once in awhile the service is not as good and every once in awhile there is a mix up with the food but it has always been corrected and I understand that sometimes these things happen. But most times Abuelo's is great and keeps us coming back for more. The chips and salsa are wonderful, the selection of multiple prices of appetizers is great (I recommend the green chili cheese crisp) and the enchiladas are also very tasty.

Overall assessment is that this location of Abuelo's keeps us coming back again and again and that is the true test of a great restaurant, chain or not.
Service was pretty good. But the food!

My whole life I've hated, or avoided rather, Mexican food. Long story short, I was dragged here. I'm so glad! I decided to be brave and was pleasantly surprised. The flavor was amazing. Atmosphere was very nice too.
This was delicious. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and tacos. It came with a side of fresh smashed potatoes (never had this as a Mexican place but i was craving it).

The water was delicious and fresh, the decor of the restaurant was phenomenal, and the service was good (not over the top, but nothing to complain about).

Prices were very reasonable. I would visit again and take friends.
My wife and mother in law really like this place. Me, not so much but I am not one to jump in the car because I am craving Mexican food. The food on this recent visit was tasty but the service was at best confusing. 

We were taken care of by 4 different people, our server who took the order and brought drinks (started out can I get you something to drink?, which sort of makes me crazy, offer me something specific or tell me your favorite), another that brought our food and I love this, this means they care about getting food out while still hot, so thank you! In the end we were brought our check by another server and when I handed back the bill to him it took a little while to finally get it back...from yet another server. I understand team work but usually it comes along with a little communication. Where did our first server go? No mention if he went on break or dropped into an abyss. 
I have never seen a manager in this restaurant, at least that I can remember. I happen to like when the manager stops by and says hi and asks how the staff is doing on our visit. 
I am sure I will be back because the ladies of the house are fans and I wont have to go kicking and screaming because food is usually good, I just will not expect to be "wow"ed by the staff.
Been coming here for a couple of years. The stuffed chile rellenos and papas are awesome. We totally dig the happy hour as well. Dos XX amber on draft, chilled mugs, good eats---until 7:00!
I would have to say its was mediocre.  Not bad but pretty typical Main stream mexican food. I would still recommend you give it a try. I did enjoy the Potatoes and a nice Cerveza Rita.
Abuelo's used to have a dish called Camerones Costa Brava- it was to die for! But sadly they took it off the menu. Too bad- I have been back one time after it was taken off- and I asked to have it made special for me and they did! But I have not been back since that time. I wish they would bring it back.
This is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down.

Last night's dinner was the "make your own enchilada combo" option. Their enchiladas are always a winner with me. The chips are the best I've had at any Mexican restaurant, and they offer a sweet, hot, and mild dipping sauce for them. Topping off the meal were the dessert nachos. This is a plate of eight nachos with chocolate and caramel drizzle with a mini scoop of ice cream on each chip. That is the way to end a dinner on a high note.

Service and ambiance are exceptional every time.
They named it Abuelos for a reason! Authentic mexican good straight out of your grandparents kitchen. 

It was wonderful, but the portions are HUGE. Share with your significant other, friend, random person sitting next to you or even that mariachi boy over there singing his heart away. 

Love the decor also.   Estaba buenismo! Gracias por la comida, Abuelos!
Pleasantly surprised.  My wife and I received a few gift cards for this place...as we had never heard of it.  We didn't expect such a great experience.  I had combination fajitas which were great...I wish they would had more of a marinated sauce for the fajitas though...but they were excellent...plus and endless supply of sides.  My wife had a few enchiladas and loved them.  The atmosphere is neat and prices are good.   The only negative part is that grilled onions do a number on my bowels....let's just say the rest of the night was quite explosive.
I love abuelos! The new Del Rio is amazing and super delicious. The temale and taco was extremely tasty. Our waiter was very nice and provided awesome service.
Great service and great food. We had enchiladas and I liked that we could choose different ones.  Will definitely be going back.
Ok been going here for many years and it was always good based on food, service, and facility but last Saturday WHAT a change. Midday lunch not very busy was seated as usual quickly, table was a little messy, ordered our drinks they got to the table in decent time. The waiter on the other hand was slow. Almost to the point of wondering if he was okay to work. We ordered our food and I had to repeat my order as did my hubby both thinking hmmm that doesn't happen here? Before our food arrived we had devoured all of the salsa (which is very good) and asked for more upon our food arriving, well this is where they're losing a fourth star waiter never came back.... several minutes later almost at the end of our meal, he refilled my tea and I said um can we get that salsa we asked for? Without even so much as a sorry for failing to bring it out during our meal he just has a busser drop by with it. We don't speak to our waiter again he just runs by with our bill and keeps moving. Just plain inattentive service and over all the place needs updated.Sometimes the hostesses an be snotty too but they're 18-20 yo so what can you expect. Still giving 3 stars for the food.
I love the decor :) we ordered the matamoros and chicken fajita chimi to go. Vic provided excellent service and recommendations at the bar. I definitely want to come back!
This place is consistently delicious! The price is a few dollars more than some other restaurants but if you want to enjoy everything, it is worth it. I haven't tried the prime rib yet but that is on my agenda.
Had dinner here last night and overall it was poor. Let me some it up this way:
1. Had to move booths because the first booth and seats were so spread apart we had to literally sit at the edge of  our seats to reach the table.
2. Decor/ style was over indulgent for a Mexican restaurant and reminded me of a cheap version of the Venetian hotel in Vegas. Very tacky.
3. If you are looking for a cool, hip restaurant this isn't it. 
4. Margarita was good but gone after just a few drinks.  For $10 I expected a bit more grande than what I got.
5. Jalapeo fritters were the best thing I ate. They we're served warm. Asked server if I could get hot ones and he replied somewhat annoyed and confused " do you want me to throw them back in the fryer?"  Enough said there. (The manager did return with hot ones and did not charge us for the item.)
6. Yes, they have 3 types of salsa....and that's about it.  The green one is just plain offensive. Not sure how that one found its way into a so called authentic Mexican restaurant. It was also very challenging to scoop out salsa from the small tin bowls when they come about a 1/4 full.
7. Ordered fajitas. Let's see...flavorless and waaaay overlooked. Just plain bad! 
Not sure what people like so much about this food. I'd rather go to Chipotle.
We've been coming to Abuelo's for a while. Originally from New Mexico so it's pretty hard finding an actual authentic Mexican restaurant. 

Surprisingly the salsa's offered as soon as you come in range from sweet to spicy which is a good thing if you like hot salsa or mild. 

I always order the enchiladas which never disappoint. 

The service here usually varies. We've had a handful of good servers but there is always an occasional bad server. She must've been having a bad day. 

Overall, great food and environment.
This place is just OK.  Chain restaurant Mexican food is a hard sell for me living in Arizona.  Chips and salsa are one of my favorite parts of going out to a Mexican place, and theirs are forgettable.  You'll get good service here and the place is fancier if that's what you are looking for, but there are dozens of local establishments in the valley that'll serve you more authentic food.  Albeit, they just might be a little more ghettoish but still can make a heck of a taco.
This place is consistently delicious & the service really great also. I have tried quite a few items off both the lunch and dinner menu but my favorite thing that I have tried up to this point are the "Stuffed Chicken Medallions." It's chicken breast stuffed with chorizo, poblano peppers and cheese and breaded then fried. Sooo not the healthiest meal but very tasty! If you are going all out, you have to get the "Papas con Chile" (creamy mashed potatoes) they are scrumptious.
I lived in Chandler my entire life, until three years ago. And now whenever I come back to visit family, I make sure to stop at Abuelo's. That has to be saying something considering that I can go to ANY Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, and I choose this one.

The service is always spot on, the food is always good, and I cannot get enough of their Margaritas. My mom loves their Shrimp cocktail, and I do not disagree. If you want to try something delicious, and unique, I highly recommend ordering it to start. The warm chips/pita things are amazing!
Amazing food and service! Our waiter was constantly checking to see if he could get us anything. FOOD IS AWESOME THOUGH! I was really impressed. It isn't cheap but still not that pricey.  I thought it was worth it. The kids enjoyed the green sweet salsa. They give you chips and three kinds of salsa when you sit down. Totally recommend this one!
Tried Abuelo's last night with some friends. Ambience and decor are lovely.

Had Grandieza frozen margarita ($5!) that was solid and refreshing! It took me 1.5 hours to polish off due to its size and brain freeze side effect.

Huge fan of their green salsa! Sweet (like a hint of mango?) and mild.

Ordered the beef chimichanga - not the best...I guess I assumed it would be shredded beef when it was ground! It tasted elementary and cafeteria-like. But - the papas con chili?!? Soooo tasty!

A friend split the Fajitas-for-two with another friend. With their order, they received a plate of lettuce, onion, cheese. One politely asked if they could get a little more. The waiter acts like lettuce is rare and sacred and tells her "Well, lemme see what I can do". What??? Dude, make that happen - we're talking lettuce and tomato here!! Smh

No add'l fixings were provided. That's just not providing a positive customer experience, IMO.

I won't be back for a full meal, but wld entertain just having their papas and a margarita at the bar.
I'll start by saying I'm not a fan of Mexican food.. ok, I really hate most if it to be honest. But that's not why I'm giving 3 stars. 

I went on a date and she has been wanting to go here for a long time, and she didn't know I don't like Mexican food because it was our first date. I can find something on any menu to eat, so it was no big deal for me really, I wanted her to be happy (awwww such a nice guy!). We arrived, waited only a few minutes and were seated.

We were greeted promptly by our server, can't recall his name though but he was rather serious in demeanor. He took our drink order and promptly returned with our drinks. My date had a mango Margarita and she loved it. But then it kind of went south a little from there. When he took our food order, I told him I wanted Prime Rib. His reply was " we don't have that". Confused, I reached for the menu because I know I saw it, and it was only then he said Prime Rib was only available on Thursdays. This was a Sunday. Ok, kind of 'short' in his response/approach, but let's move on. He took our orders with less enthusiasm than I've seen on a 2 year old's face in a timeout and then he left.

The food came VERY fast and my date loved hers. Mine was good. We were done for quite a while before the server returned. I asked if they had desserts. He responded by pointing at a menu tent on the table and walked away. That was nothing short of rude in my opinion. He was gone for a while but we were able to get our dessert order in and received it promptly, but then proceeded to sit there for a good 15 minutes after we were done before he came to our table with the bill. He visited the table next to us 3 times in that 15 minute period. We decided to sit and chat for a bit after that, again 1st date and it went GREAT by the way :) The server came back to our table and picked up the signed credit card receipt, just asked if it was ready. I said yes. He took it and walked away. No "thank you". No "come back again", nothing. He had his money and he was gone!

Overall.. good food, decent atmosphere, greeters were friendly but this server was not. Sorry he had a bad day.. but don't drag down your customers. Customer service really seems to be going downhill in general.
I have eaten at Abuelos several times and I've enjoyed their food everytime. The first thing that I like about Abuelos is that it doesn't look like your typical Mexican Restaurant. I hate it when they over exaggerate the Mexican theme. Abuelos does it right with a courtyard feel ambiance. 

The food is amazing. They have one of the best beef fajitas I have ever tasted. They also have various flavors of enchiladas that are very good.

Depending on time of day, you will experience a wait time to get a table which means there will be a wait time for your food. Don't worry, they provide chips and salsa and they are good. The food is definitely worth the wait.
Everything we had was great. Unexpected pineapple in salsa verde, papas, enchiladas and steak chimichanga will definitely have us going back.
This is one of my favorite places to eat. I am wild for the "wild mushroom enchiladas" -- have had them several times and have really enjoyed 'em. The complimentary cornbread and butter is very good, especially when it is served warm. I also love their pecan-crusted chicken spinach salad. The ahi tuna appetizer is a treat.  http://www.ztejas.com/
My rating is based on this first review... not on the second.

On my first visit to Z Tejas, I went at lunchtime with 2 guys from Boeing.  We had to sit at the bar since the restaurant was so crowded.  As I scanned the menu, the Grilled Green Chile Pork Enchiladas with green chile sauce and a tomato-avocado chopped salad caught my eye... and I'm glad it did.

I dont necessarily consider myself an 'enchilada' type of guy, but this dish provided me with the best I've ever tasted.  I recommend this dish, with no reservations.

Now for my second review.

My boss and I headed to Z Tejas today.  I figured that I'd mix it up and try something new.  Bad choice.

I was feeling a bit famished, so I ordered the more expensive menu item, which was Jack's Five-Cheese Macaroni Achiote.  The grilled chicken with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and romano cheeses and bacon gratin sounded like a complete winner.

Where to begin?

The dish incorporates real cheese, which I would normally find appetizing.  However, in this case, the entree was served piping hot, causing the cheese to string everywhere.  Kind of messy for a lunchtime meal.  

So, I ate slow, in hopes that the threadlike curd would solidify some.  Well, it did, but it also left, what can only be depicted as an oily scramble, in the bottom of the bowl, due to separation.  Delectable!

Well, I decided to ease up on the 'roni, and move on to the chicken, which was served with skin on.  Visually, the skin looked crispy... but I realized my peepers were punked when I chewed up on some rubbery epidermis.

Swoop Says: skip the mac 'n cheeze, go for the whole enchilada!


In other news, the server at the bar was top notch.  She refilled my palmer again and again, until my bladder shouted: 'Uncle!'.  When you need some pampering, saddle up to the bar.

BIRTHDAY BONUS: Signup for their birthday club and get an annual $10 coupon in your email.

~Swoop
Four stars for delicious margaritas and cornbread.
I wasn't a fan of the mexican food here, to be honest.  I did enjoy the pork tenderloin stuffed with sausage though!
I will NEVER go to this specific restaurant again.  I have been to this location for dinner about 5-6 times.  The last time I was there, the service was horrible.  We waited 15 minutes for someone to come by and TAKE our drink order.  Then we wait 40 minutes to cash out. 

DON'T GO HERE.  

Go to the one on Mill Ave instead.
I give them 5 because 1) food (salmon and salad with cornbread) was awesome and 2) GM turned a bad situation in a good one.

i am visiting and am staying at the hotel across the street.  I went there in a recommendation and got there at 6...ordered my food to go with these two girls who are hella young (warning sign).  so i sat and waited, playing my brick break on my blackberry.  I figured they would call me when the food was ready but no one called.

at 630 i got up to see whats going on...those girls in the front were like 'oh whats ur name, whats ur order,' and i believe my order was the only order they took.  they checked by the bar and was like 'oh here is ur order.'  of course i told them,dont you let ppl know their food is ready, and they were like 'oh ok'  idiots.  so i was upset of course and was about to pay when the gm came by and as like ' o my god were u waiting for this all this time?"  i told him i came in to order and thought the girls will let me know when the order was ready, and didnt know ihad to go to the bar to pay for it, which is way odd.  so he was like hey the food is cold, i will heat it up and just take it, dont pay, its our fault.

so for that i give them a 5 star review from what would have been a 1 star review.
I don't think I get the Z Tejas paradigm.  I've gone here twice for work lunches on other people's dimes, and I can honestly say that the food doesn't make sense to me.  It's like they've taken great Mexican food dishes and then tried to yuppify them so they appear to be hip, trendy, and healthy.  They fail on all three counts and destroy the flavor in the process.

This particular restaurant completely forgot about one person's food and he had to eat awkwardly after everyone else was already done.  They comped his meal, but since he wasn't paying for it anyway, it was no consolation to him.

No me gusta!
Z Tejas has been and always will be one of my favorites here in the valley.  First, the good is great quality and great value.  You can get a great meal for $15.  I know people knock it because it's a "smaller" chain....but don't kid yourself, some of the mom & pop shops in town are just terrible.  Second, Z has great service.  It's one of the best run resturants I've been to and I eat out a lot.

Overall, you can't go wrong with this pick for yourself or for guest.
Two words: Chambord Margarita

I used to not even like margarita's, Z Tejas changed my outlook on tequila.  

The food is great too.  My usual favorites are the shrimp & guac tostada bites to start then move on to the artichoke chicken stack for dinner, and cornbread of course.  I've also tried the smoked chicken enchiladas and loved em.  Sunday morning brunch I have to have my egg hash...and a margarita :)
Ya know, I almost thought about giving Z-Tejas five stars just for having a separate, gluten-free menu, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because the service was way below what I expect when I eat out.

We, a party of five (including my parents, who were visiting from Scotland), were initially seated at a really cramped table when several booths were open. Remedied this by asking to be moved to one of them. In addition, we didn't receive a kids' menu until we had waited around for about 20 mins. So, picture this, I have a hyper kid on my hands because his blood sugar levels are low and he's ready to chew his own arm off as well as those of everyone else surrouding him. Great... I will say that a very large party (around 20 people) was seated nearby and our server was one of many attending to their every need.

Our server had an excuse; he was new to the establishment and still in training. He was very cordial and was trying his best to deal with my gluten-free requirements. Turns out he wasn't given any training on the menu, with which he was very unfamiliar. Great...way to instill confidence that I'm not going to have a gluten-related "episode." Let me be clear, I don't blame him for this whatsoever. My hat goes off to him for trying. What got me was the dirty look I received from one of the female servers...WTF! What did I ever do to her. Message to her: You're in the wrong line of work, lady. Try collections or repossessions. I almost handed her back my gluten-free steak and vegs. My give up...

The food, when it did finally arrive, was good, albeit a little bland in my case. Why the heck people think gluten-free food has to taste bland is beyond me. I wish Gordon Ramsay would come in and rescue kitchens from their gluten-free nightmares. My parents both enjoyed their meals; they ordered the filet mignon with mashed potatoes and green beans. My son enjoyed his cheeseburger, but then what kid doesn't? And, my husband enjoyed his seared ahi tuna steak, but felt the portion size was a little on the small side (he's a big guy). 

Next time, I'll try the chambord margarita. I don't think I can go wrong with that -- at least it's alleged to taste good and it's gluten-free. =) I will, however, be checking out the restaurant in Tempe and not coming back to the one in Chandler.
Solid lunch spot when you want something more than the standard soup, sandwich, salad.  I ordered some chicken medallion / side of potatoes dish and it was really good.  The queso dip was also good, too.
The service is inconsistent, but the food is always good - so I'm a fan. 

To elaborate, the menu is an interesting mix of Tex-mex Americana. They have enchiladas on the menu and right next to it a plain ol' burger! 

All their salads are great! And, I'm not a girl who "craves" salads. If I'm going to crave anything it will be peppered french fries. But, man, I crave the z-Tejas Jerk Chicken Salad. Slightly spicy grilled jerk-spiced chicken (spicy and jerked is redundant) with roma tomatoes, feta cheese, tortilla strips (which I omit), salad and a spicy creamy dressing (which I always have them put on the side).  If the description sounds to spicy for you, then try the Pecan Crusted Chicken Spinach Salad as it is awesome as well. 

Next time you are out on Ray Road or maybe coming back from Holiday shopping at Chandler Mall, stop by and try Z-Tejas. But for full disclosure, their service could be hit or miss. Ok- I've gotta run....I have a craving....
katie and i went here on sunday before an ikea trip.

let me start off by saying we were seriously starving, i was so pumped to order my jerk chicken salad. we walk in and theres a 'bloody mary bar' and it looked absolutely disgusting. i alsmot lost my appetite by being greeted by that filthy mess of a germ bar. 

 i sat down while katie used the restroom and i ordered us water and myself a drink. 

katie and i sat talking for a bit and i asked,
"are you going to get a drink?"
"ya, if he ever comes back" was her response

then i realized it had been 10 minutes before we saw our waiter again. finally, he came around and tried to make us order chips. we were so hungry we almost did but passed them up. we ordered our food, it was sooooo cold in there I couldn't order my salad, instead i opted for a breakfast dish. and let me just say breakfast is not their strong point. 

another 15 or so minutes go by and we can't take it so we order chips. 

then we notice everyone around us is eating corn bread. HEY WHERE'S OUR CORNBREAD?!?! we don't need chips and salsa, we're supposed to get cornbread! 

so our waiter passes by us again so we ask/shout for cornbread.

then, not even lying, our food, chips and salsa, and cornbread come to the table all at once. so overwhelming

the chips and salsa were not good. 
my food was not good- i ordered the breakfast enchilada.

if you eat here, stick to the jerk chicken salad(one of the best salads ive ever had) or the spicy chicken pasta which is perfectly spicy.

2 stars for service
2 stars for food on this trip(usually i would give it 4)
2 stars for sunday morning ambiance(dinner is the time to go here)
I liked this place.  GOOD drinks.  Yeah, I had a lot of margarita's that night.  The food was good too.  I had this scallop appetizer which was incredible.  I guess it better be since it was like an $18 appetizer!!  LMAO  Hey, it was someone else's dime so I don't give a crap.  I don't like that vendor too much anyway.
Holy Chambord Margarita! Where have you been all my life???

My first time, we did happy hour. Service was slow, but the food and drink made up for it. We ordered three appetizers and two rounds of the delish chambord margaritas. I am not usually one for frozen drinks, but this was wonderful - like frozen raspberry lemonade with a great kick!

My second time, I went with a big group of kids and adults for lunch. Everything we ordered was perfect and delish and the service was great.

The third time, I went just for the chambord margerita on a friday night with my husband around 10pm. It was standing room only - packed - all the pre-clubbers were getting their drink on. 

I have been another handful of times just for the Chambord Margerita. The food is great, but the prices are a bit high for what you get. I will still frequent.
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. There were 12 of us and our waiter took great care of us in spite of the group size. We asked for separate checks and he didn't show any signs of an attitude at all. At the end, when our checks came some of us realized he had forgotten to charge us for our sodas. When we pointed it out to him, he brushed it off and said, "If it's not on the bill, it won't be there at all. Don't worry about it!" Now if only all our waiters can forget about charging us for alcoholic beverages...

As for the food, my favorite was the free corn bread. Fresh from the oven, piping hot, sweet, with whole kernels of corn baked in and served in a mini baking pan. I could have eaten an entire pan of it and called it a night. In hindsight, that's what I should have done. The birthday girl suggested I try the Grilled Miso Salmon since she knows I LOVE seafood, adding that it was "pretty decent salmon considering we're in the middle of the desert." I'll also admit I'm not a big fan of Mexican food. Well, let's just say I'm sure there can be better salmon found in the middle of the desert than at Z'Tejas. The salmon was overcooked even though I asked for medium rare. The mashed potato cake on the side was just a lump of dry mashed potato that tasted like it was leftover and sitting in the fridge since last Thanksgiving. I definitely should have gone with a salad or Mexican dish.
My husband and I call Z'tejas "old reliable". When I don't feel like cooking and/or we need to meet for lunch near our house and don't feel like thinking too much, old reliable it is. 
We really enjoy the burgers, the chipotle mayo is tasty and the bread has a hint of sweetness. Unfortunately, there have been times were the bread was stale, not often but enough to remember.
The shrimp tostadas, fish tacos and tortilla soup are very good as well. The Chambord margarita is delicious and I like the pomegranate-ginger 
margarita martini drink, the ginger-sugar rim is very tasty. 
I have eaten at different Z'tejas locations and they are pretty consistent. 
Service is usually good, never had anything worse than waiting a bit longer for food or our bill.
I'm kind of middle of the road when it comes to Z.  I think they're OK for happy hour, though their drinks aren't that great of a deal, but you don't need too many either.  Ada G. is addicted to their Chambord Margaritas and recreates them at home for us too.  As for their other food.  I've had a salad I liked and some apps were good but I've generally been a little disappointed with the rest.  My friend B's husband used to be a bartender at Scottsdale so once upon a time, we put in many Friday nights at the bar, sampling the wares.  Nowadays I just go for a "normal" happy hour and I'm not having to drive back to her house Sunday afternoon to get my car.  I'd have to say it's a much kinder, gentler approach.  Try them for happy hour.  Sit on the patio, enjoy the weather (unless it's summer) and have a margarita and some tostada bites.  I think you'll enjoy it.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
9 *Drinks*
9 Service
9 Atmosphere
6 Value

Honestly, the cornbread is so good I don't even care about the entree by the time it gets to the table.  And the margaritas are great, but expensive.  However, if you go the Martini-Rita route, you get some generous pours!
Had some incredible seafood enchiladas here. Salmon and shrimp with veggies in tortillas with some kind of awesome rich sauce. I swapped the rice for grilled veggies. Probably loaded with oil in the marinade but it was mighty tasty! Cornbread was pretty good too. And it's not too expensive to go on a weeknight... I think I spent around $20 with a glass or two of wine.
I haven't been to Z'Tejas in years.  So when a date asked if I wanted to meet there, I thought what a great idea, now I'll totally have something to Yelp about!

We met at 6 pm on a Saturday night, and while clearly busy, it only took them 10 minutes to seat us.  The restaurant was nicely laid out, plenty of room between tables, and I didn't feel like I was crammed in a corner.  The noise level was perfect too, something that is missing from so many places.

Our server was friendly and quick, and answered menu questions with suggestions and good information. I ended up ordering the 5 Cheese Macaroni & Cheese, and my date got the El Diablo chicken.  Both were pasta dishes, but very different.  The mac & cheese was gooey and tasty, and very filling - no appetizer and I could not finish my plate.  I really wanted to - the bacon on the top was the perfect touch.  My date's chicken and pasta was spicy, but not overwhelming - subtle flavors playing out nicely together. 

The portions were large enough that I couldn't even think about dessert, and was so glad we passed on an appetizer.  Overall it was a great meal, and I would have given them 5 stars, if it wasn't a chain restaurant.
This restaurant is my go-to whenever I'm in town.  Their menu is pretty amazing and always has a great selection of interesting, unique southwestern food.  

My staples: the fish tacos, the catfish beignets, and now the Achiote Chicken chopped salad!  The tacos and beignets are always delish, but this salad is seriously scrumptious.  It has corn, avacado, and pumpkin seeds in it--which sounds like a weird combo, but it's great!  

Today, I also tried the southwester chicken soup.  So good-chunks of avocado with grilled chicken and tortilla chips.  The cornbread is always great too-definite comfort food.  

You can usually get a table pretty quickly there and their staff is always super friendly.
Kudos for having a separate vegetarian menu -- it made it really easy to order. The chopped salad I had was decent, though more like a poor man's version of Burmese tea leaf salad. Minus one star for charging four bucks for chips & salsa.
Oh Z, how do I love thee.  Let me count the ways.

1. LOVE your margaritas.  Seriously.  I'm not a fan of tequila and/or margaritas generally speaking, but I love Z's margaritas.  Especially the Chambord and Prickly Pear.   Be warned though - they're VERY dangerous.

2. SALSA!  I love it!  They also have an appetizer with a variety of 3 salsas, but honestly, their original is the best.  The chips are good too - light and crispy.

3. EVERYTHING on the menu.  Not kidding.  I haven't had anything I didn't like at Z.  My faves include: catfish tacos, Jerk Chicken salad, Diablo Pasta, Wild Mushroom enchiladas, Mac & Cheese w/o bacon, the trout, seriously, the list could go on and on.

My mouth is watering.  I think you get the point.  Go to Z.  ASAP.
Z'Tejas = awesome margaritas, delicious salsa and guacamole, ruby trout salad, and not to mention the often overlooked and missed bananas foster french toast of the weekend brunch. They also have many delicious other entrees, some of which I have sampled, but I must say I stick with the favorite standbys. Also a great place for a happy hour bite. Try the Millionaire margarita on the rocks!
The Red Chile & Mango Steak Salad is one of the Top 5 best salads I have ever had, if not #1. The combination of steak, blue cheese, spicy walnuts, tomatoes, and fresh chunks of mangos provides a flavor combination that is out of this world! Sweet, spicy, salty, savory, all it one delicious salad. What could make for a better lunch? The service is pretty good, the cornbread is hot, and the margaritas are worth every penny! Go there for lunch, or for the Bloody Mary Bar on Saturdays (only at this location) or Sundays!  Their brunch menu on the weekends is also one of my favorites!

Plus, if you sign up for Z'Tejas emails you'll get a $10 coupon to use during the month of your birthday!!
I love love LOVE this place! Its next to my work which is convenient, but they answer my calls on the first ring, and always provide excellent service and food! Waitresses are very friendly and help me make decisions on what i should order! Their Jerk chicken chowder is MOUTH WATERING! but it is only a special, so i call everyday to see if they have it, and am DYING to have it again. Next time i will order it by the gallon and freeze it im not joking its amazing!!!
The margs are the best.  Seems like the food is slipping a bit to me.   Stick to the Chopped Salad....its really good.  Their chips....yuck.   But the drinks are great.  Make me very happy.
THEY FREEZE THE TEQUILA!  margaritas a great, and they have yummy snacks.  good for happy hour.
I find this place okay... it gives consistently a-okay food, but nothing great.  The prices are good and the drinks are good.  I find the food a bit heavy.   The salsas tend to be too sweet for my taste and no where nearly spicy enough.  It's a good alternative to other big-box chain.
Trekked here for lunch one day with some work folk. It left an eh in my mind. Not a bad eh, which is usually a 2 for me, but more like an I'll-come-back-here-if-someone-else-is-dying-to eh, which leaves it at a 3.

I can say that the cornbread is exquisite. It's what cornbread should be. Corn and bread. It's not cornmeal trying to be cornbread. It's not some yuppie metropolitan height of sophistication's chef trying to be country. It's the no shit real deal. I appreciate that. I just have to remember to appreciate it in small quantities.

The service was pretty on par for it being lunch on a Monday. 

My main dish was the seafood enchilada which was pretty on point, but not as good as the one at Blue Adobe. I was pretty annoyed to see it came with tomato even though tomato was listed nowhere on the menu. I will remember that. I may just return and order cornbread with a side of cornbread.
Z how much do I love thee? Let me count the ways... This is not your everyday Mexican food restaurant, they put their own extremely delicous spin on it.  Always good service and more often then not some real eye candy servers too =P Their Margarita's are the best in the valley, very tasty and strong! Well worth the price.  The complimentary corn bread is good but the butter it comes with is the best part, so sweet and delicious, definitely elevates the cornbread.  Shrimp tostada bites, best appetizer ever invented! Some days I just get these as my main meal so I do not have to share.  This is a must on the list when we bring newbies.  Every main dish I've ever had at Z has been great, love the Tortilla Soup, love their Salads, their Trout and Salmon are always so tasty, they do rice and beans perfectly.  I'd have to say where Z really shines though is their weekend brunch.  First you've got the bloody mary bar with all the fixings.  Then brunch comes with cornbread and delicious fresh baked muffins, a delicious sorbet & fruit palette cleanser and the main dish is always so scrumptious.  My favorites are the barbacoa enchiladas, the breakfast enchiladas and the chile quilles.  Sooooooo much food for an extremely reasonable price.  This is why I hit up Z's at least once or twice a month. Love it!
Money margaritas!  They hit u slow but guarantee a good night
Zteja's consistently delivers good food. I frequent the Chandler location for lunch because it's near my office. "Satisfied" is the feeling I walk away with every time.... Not ecstatic, not disappointed.   I particularly like that they've updated their menu to include vegetarian and gluten-free sections.  They've always offered these selections, but you had to pick through it and remove meat... but get charged for it!  The new menu allows you to get regular items without meat at a reduced price... me likely ;-).  

My favorites are the Ancho Chopped Salad (Minus the meat and bacon) and the mushroom enchiladas.   Their chips and salsa are okay, but not really worth paying the $4 for.  I would recommend holding off for the corn bread... hint, hint... they don't bring it out until you order, it kills their ability to up-sale! 

I definitely recommend Zteja's for lunch, its good food with quick service (45min out the door).  My actual rating is 3.5, but that's not an option.
I love this place, friendly staff, food is great, loved the mushroom enchilada, steak salad is always a solid choice and of course the classic jerk chicken salad, appetizers are awesome.  ZTejas has my favorite salsa of any restaurant, wish they would bottle it.  Drinks are awesome.  Fun, upbeat vibe, great location.
After about a year of the guys at work insisting that I go, I finally went.
 
Foremost, our waitress was really nice. A great waiter/waitress can usually make or break a restaurant experience. She did a great job taking care of us. Although the sun was shinning in my eyes half of the time, the environment was still pleasant. The music was just loud enough to hear but not so loud to have to talk over it and the dining area was roomy. The food wasn't the best food I've ever tasted but it was still worth the experience.
 
Cornbread - Amazing. You'll find little pieces of corn while you eat. It's literally corn and breading. It's the way cornbread should be.
Bottomless basket of chips and three salsas - The chips were pretty good and while the salsas had a lot of flavor to offer my mouth they just weren't as great as I was hoping.
Wild mushroom enchiladas - Delicious and different but it could have been served a little hotter. Not spicier, hotter as in heat.
Baked seafood enchiladas - My boyfriend's entre. He enjoyed it and was most thrilled about the barbequed shrimp the enchiladas contained.
Tropical Guava Mojito - Very sweet but still sooo good.
Stoli Blueberi Cosmo - Amazing. I could go back just for the Stoli Blueberi Cosmos and cornbread and leave happy. Best drink of the evening.
Prairie Berry Lemonade - Kamikaze in disguise. If you don't like fruit pulp I don't recommend this. There is lemon pulp in this drink. It's served with floating blueberries also. I loved it.
 
Do I plan to go back? Very likely. If not for the food, definitely for the cornbread and drinks.
Always good! Like most of the other Yelpers...Cornbread is Crazy Yummy, Margaritas are Tasty & Potent! Everything here is consistent, service, food, and drinks.
I have never had a bad meal at Z Tejas. Yes, its a little pricier then other mexican/ southwest places, but the quality of food makes it worth it. The free cornbread they start you out with is by far the best corn bread I have ever had. I love their Tejas Trio which is chips with salsa, handhacked guac, and queso. The amount you get of each dip is plentiful and this seems more worth it then just getting the tableside guac for the same price. For meals, my husband and I both love the chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin. It is amazing!!! Also delicious is the artichoke mushroom chicken stack. Their salads are very good and I can't get anough of the fry bread croutons they put on the salad. For dessert, I have only tried their seasonal cobbler and it was terrific. I have had it with apple and with peach. I havn't  been to Z Tejas in awhile and it makes me sad cause I really loves it. The service is always great, the atmosphere is beautiful and romantic and of course the food is unbelievable. Quick tip: Try coming here for dinner as there are more choices then what is on the lunch menu. I cant get the pork tenderloin during lunch and it makes me wanna cry   :(
I LOVE this place.  Great food at great prices with great service in a great atmosphere.  Great variety, great spices, great presentation, great menu.  Every entree gets a cornbread dish skillet to nibble on.  I think I would love everything on the menu.  Can't wait to go back and try them all.  Love It!!
One of my favorite places to eat while in Phoenix. The service at this particular one is always great too.
Still one of the best happy hours around! Half price (delicious) appetizers. More to choose from than a bunch of fried appetizers!  My favorites are the Shrimp & Guacamole Bites and the Street Tacos.

Margaritas are always good! Bartenders are super busy but still always friendly, smiling and having a great time. Plus, happy hour is in the entire restaurant, not just the bar area, don't see that much anymore.
I was craving Guacamole, as usual. We decided to try Z'Tejas since they make the table side Guac. 

Service was Extremely SLOW. 

By The Way, I think they should serve complimentary chips and salsa instead of the complimentary cornbread. 

Any how, I ordered the Guac and the Chips and Salsa. The 3 salsas were, House salsa (tasted like spaghetti sauce, too sweet, yuck) Verde with avocado and tomatillo ( good but really bland, I had to add salt) and Fire roasted ( most decent of the three but still on the sweet side and I had to add salt.) 

The Guacamole was the most disappointing of all though. I did order it with out cheese and onions but that shouldn't have made a difference. It was completely lack luster and flavorless. No Lime juice or seasonings were added to it at all, except Salt, by me.  And I rarely salt anything.

The husband did enjoy his breakfast enchiladas. 

The only reason they are getting 3 stars is because I do appreciate them having a small V/GF/VEG menu. Other than that, I wasn't impressed.
um, no. Group dinner here was terribly bland. Wine and food disappointed izquierda y deracha. This is the Olive Garden of Phoenix.
I hosted a networking lunch there yesterday. The food was great, the service was great. The only problem was the noise. Otherwise, very nice.
A great place to come back to for happy hour.
Typical chain "southwestern/Tex Mex" food in a corporatey atmosphere. They have some tasty dishes and a killer sunday brunch, but everything on the menu is kind of ambiguous.

Prices here are about on par with most places of this type (I put it in the Applebee's, TGI Friday's, Charleston's, etc.) category. 

I enjoyed my visit to this location better than my visits to the PV and Tempe locations.
Went here a few weeks ago for brunch. I will say that I am still a fan of Z Tejas but I think I just ordered the wrong thing. I had the potato hash and eggs which was ok but it seemed like it needed something more flavor wise. Maybe a little more sauce on top would have made it better. Also, since I was sick, I ordered the tortilla soup. It was a thick soup and I actually prefer brothier tortilla soups. Wasn't bad though. As always, the cornbread was phenomenal. I also had a red sangria and it was delicious and refreshing. My companion said that she loved her burger and fries. I still love Z Tejas but I will probably just go for dinner there from here on out since that is where they really shine.
Went to Z'Tejas last night for dinner after the movies. Nice atmosphere,smells nice. The waitress was very good and accommodating. However, i ordered the lamb chops and they were over cooked..Not that good for such an expensive item. My Date ordered the special.It was Pan fried Halibut.   Very dry they really over cooked and ruined it.    The cornbread was good.    So my review is they are getting by on their name,food is not that great. Service was great though.
After visiting my third or fourth "Mexican" restaurant in Chandler, I have come to the conclusion that I have to drive to an actual neighborhood where people of Mexican descent actually live to get good Mexican.  

I think I've had better Mexican in Maine than Arizona so far, it is distressing.  If any of you native Phoenicians (is that how you say it?) out there are reading this review, please drop me a line and PLEASE tell me how to get REAL Mexican food!

Anyhows, this place was very pleasant, I stopped in here late for a drink at the bar, checked their menu and saw the usual American interpretations of Mexican food.  So I can't really rate the food here, but it sure as heck doesn't look like good Mexican to me.

The margarita was their best (shouldn't you get a great one in the Phoenix area?  I think you should) on their drinks menu, made with Cuervo 1800 tequila.  I realized after a few sips that I prefer Sauza Hornitos, but it was passable.

Two inebriated ladies sitting next to us at the bar made the experience more enjoyable!
If you gave Z any less than 4 stars - you've just never had one of their fab margaritas!  My favorite is the Cha-Mango (chambord and mango mixed).  But let me not get ahead of myself....

I don't live in a city with a Z'Tejas anymore, so I always make sure to stop in when I'm in Phoenix.  Before you go, just note, it's TEX-MEX, not Mexican food.  There is a difference and you have to know what you're getting into.  My favorite dishes are the baked seafood enchiladas and the jerk chicken salad.  They also bring you cornbread (with real corn in it) while you wait for your meal.

Z always goes above and beyond when it comes to customer service, so you never have to worry when you come in - you'll ALWAYS be taken care of!
In my book, and the collective book that my friends are forced to share with me, Z-Tejas is synonymous with fun. How do you make it a good night? Follow my directions carefully:
1) flag over your waiter or any other waiter (or anyone that looks like a waiter) in your vicinity
2) say the following "6th street, frozen, salt"
3) drink
4) repeat

Seriously though, the margaritas are excellent. I haven't tried any other drinks here, but I'm fairly certain they'd be just as good (okay maybe not as good, but close enough).

The food is tasty too. Don't go in expecting authentic Mexican. I don't know why you'd go into a snazzy place called Z-Tejas for authentic food anyway, but that's between you and your brain. The Diablo Chicken Pasta is awesome. The Jerk Chicken Salad is excellent too. I have friends who get the Pork Medallions, and they seem to love it.

If you go and see a large group that's being loud ... look for the devilishly handsome Indian dude and come say hello. Okay I'm kidding, I don't even live in PHX anymore.
This southwestern themed restaurant has its appeals.  So I expected Mexican food with an American twist.  Most places that serve bread when your meal.  But Z'Tejas goes above and beyound and delivers cornbread.  I would have to say this is the best part of my meal.  There are even corn pieces in the piping hot bread in the cute iron pan.  It's fluffy and warm and the perfect way to start of the meal.  I almost got full just by eating the cornbread before my food came out.

I went during lunchtime and ordered the shrimp papaya enchiladas.  Shrimp, papaya, celery, onion and spices are wrapped in soft corn tortillas.  A black bean sauce covered the enchilada.  The meal also came with a corn rice and salad.  I barely tasted the papaya, but the shrimp turned out very well.  It was soft, but not chewy.  The black bean sauce was a bit dry and hardened the enchilada. There were vegetables added on top of the enchildas, but the bell peppers seemed too soggy and bland.  I believe the additional vegetables were superfluous and didn't add to the value of the dish. The salad was not special, but adding corn to the rice was a unique way to serve it.  It blended well with the cornbread that was served throughout the meal. 


They do have a variety of food selections on the Happy Hour menu.  I think I'll go back and try some of the other dishes.  And mainly I would go back just for the cornbread alone.  :-) Overall, the food is average, what I typically expect from a chain restaurant.
Visited for lunch Wednesday.  First time.  The food was good.  Not great, but good (my burrito was better than my wife's entree (some sort of fried dish...I forget what they called it...not traditional at all, but had a southwest flare).

Prices are a bit steep, especially given the quantity.  It was the perfect size for lunch for me...no leftovers.  For that price I expect to take half my food home with me.  And chips and salsa should be complimentary.

I doubt we'd make a point of going there again, but if we are meeting someone or there's a coupon, or something like that, sure.  It wasn't bad.
My favorite chicken tortilla soup and corn bread. 
Great indoor or outdoor seating. 
Many times I have called in for take out food there for dinner parties and have never been disappointed. The food holds great in chaffing dishes and the corn bread is terrific for dinner parties. Cut it into four pieces and place in a linen covered bowl to keep warm and moist. Reheats fabulously.
We had a very enjoyable dinner here last night. The parking lot was PACKED so we were expecting a wait, but when we got in there was a normal crowd and no wait. Surely all those people weren't at Fleming's?

FOOD:
The chips with three salsas appetizer was ok, but kind of pointless. They bring you a skillet of cornbread automatically, so paying for chips and average salsa is kind of a waste.

We both ordered the steak, which had a very tasty chipotle cream sauce on top. Included were garlic mashed potatoes and some steamed seasonal vegetables. In our case, this meant zucchini and carrots.

The steak was cooked well, exactly as ordered and was a good cut. I had originally eyed the chile relleno until I noticed that it was stuff with, among other things, raisins and apricots. No thanks.

They have a really good brunch that I've been to as well, with a "Bloody Mary Bar" where you get the liquor and the glass and get to choose your mixer, veggies, etc.
Met a friend here for lunch.  It was not as packed as I thought it would be.  It was nice, walked in grab a table, and the server immediately stopped by to say hello and ask what I would like to drink.  

The corn bread was SO SO good!!!  I ordered from the specialities section of the menu.  Five cheese macaroni & achiote chicken (made with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and Romano cheeses, finished with toasted bacon gratin).  It was pretty good.
One word. Cornbread. Several more....

This place was awesome. I'm not one for chains, but I am one for strong drinks, good food, and my awesome friends.

Last night, I met up with friends at Z's. Had a long week at work, so I figured, let's go balls to the wall.

The Vodka Sodas are remarkably strong. Typically at chains, you get a few drops of vodka flavoring. These were NO JOKE. Leave your amateur cards at home.

The ahi tuna appetizer, pulled pork nachos, and the cornbread were enough to change my life, both physically and emotionally. Yeah, that damn good. I won't write about the cornbread, because I want you to try it for yourself....write a Yelp review...and then give me credit. While you are at it, give my friend and fellow Yelper Sarah W. credit as well, because she is the one that turned me on to it.

Want a Mojito that will open your mind to a higher power? Try the Tropical Guava Mojito. Guava rum, X-rated fusion liqueur, monin mojito, mint, lime, soda and sprite. Yeah. 

Like I said....happy hour on a friday was balls to the wall.

Get some. This is the spot. Thank God there is one in Scottsdale.
Really dig this place. The cornbread is addicting and the menu is diverse. Never had a problem here and the service is usually spot-on.

Robert Pfeifer
Awesome food & drinks. Packed Friday night, I can see potential as good place to chill and meet peeps. 

I ended up just ordering bunch of appt and drinks since it was biz dinner, turned out perfect with portion of the food. 

It's tad noisy for biz lunch / dinner, but service was excellent and will come back again.
Overpriced for the type of food.
Probably one of the better places to take a date, not to secluded, a busy restaurant yet you can carry on a conversation.  My pork arrived a bit raw so I did send it back, and I was hoping to get some kind of discount for it, but I've had way to many meals at this place so I can overlook it.  A bit pricey, but you can't find the type of food they make any where else.  I wish they had the Chilean Sea Bass all the time but it's seasonal, the most unbelievable piece of fish I've had.
Visited Z'Tejas last Thursaday night.  After a flight, getting settled in, my wife and I ventured out on a very hot August evening.

Greeted kindly at the door, got to our seats, welcomed by our server, McKenna.  She was kind and talkative and inquired about our day.   More so than most, which made me feel a bit more connected to the experience.

The food was all very good (not super duper, but very good).  Wasn't sure what to expect as it's a new chain that I've never visited.  I ordered the turkey burger, and side salad, my wife ordered the Ahi tacos.  The table cornbread was fresh and yummy.  We also ordered table-side quac.  Well prepared, again by our server.

The bar looked entertaining with a beautiful Tequila Tree.  Wasn't in the mood for a drink but certainly would next time.  

Everything was pretty good!  Would certainly return.
We went there for first time, had good food and great service. I liked the variety on the menu, little bit of everything to fit whatever you are in the mood for or can afford,  light to heavy, inexpensive to pricier.  I thought their drink prices were a little high (margaritas were around $8 or more and I thought they should be around $6 for a house marg), but the waiter told us they were still running happy hour, I had a couple of drafts and I was happy with those prices.  We'll go back again for sure, looking forward to it.  And there are lots of places in the valley we would NOT go back to.
I had to give this place three stars as an average of two and four from the two times I have eaten here. 
The first time service and food were beautiful. Actually, both times service has been top-notch. Never a problem with service. 
I again had the seafood enchiladas which are stuffed with tuna, salmon, spinach, and shrimp. This is really a delicious dish and full of flavor but the second time I had it, every other bite was cold (one hot, one cold, one hot, one cold) - weird. Also, some of the people I was with ordered steaks medium rare. Both came out well. Disappointing. 
They do have this different version of a mojito made with pineapple-flavored rum and mint leaves, with brown sugar. It tastes like candy.
I really love this place, their food is sooo good.  But the service last night was not so good.  It took them 5 minutes to seat us, then another 5 minutes to wait on us by the time we ordered our food we missed happy hour.  We asked the waitress if we could still order off the happy hour menu and she said no.  It took her forever to bring our drinks finally out and then when our appetizer came out we asked about the cornbread, she said she would go get that.Then when we were finished we didn't get our bill in a timely manner either.  Ughhhh!!!!!

Normally the service is really good but in this case it just wasen't.  Really disappointing last night.
Went here for a business lunch today.  Can't give this place much more credence than I would an Applebee's, though.  Ordered the avacado turkyburger and requested well done steak fries.  Burger was dry and overly herby, fries were NOT well done and not even done-done in my opinion - sorta stale even.  Free corn bread is a nice perk cuz it's quite good and served very hot in a little fancy cast-iron pan with a big 'ol steak knife for servin' & a side a' butter.  Everyone you talk to who has been to Z'Tejas will mention the corn bread, the corn bread, the corn bread.  Yippie yay.   It managed to upstage my $11 turkey-blah-ger.  So, congrats, overachieving cornbread, to a job well done!

Service:  Our server was friendly and attentive and she let us talk prior to ordering without interrupting us.  Generally a good vibe here.

Food overall is just...meh, in my opinion.  I didn't try my companions entrees at all, though they had no complaints.   The food here reminded me of Rainforest Cafe - the smells, the portions, the prices. Just not my thing.
Went there twice this week for Happy Hour. Once to the Chandler location and once to the Scottsdale Mall location. I've eaten at both locations a few times over the past year as well.

Food: Very good. Always good flavor with being gratuitously spicy. Mushroom enchiladas are my favorite meal. I've tasted EVERY appetizer and they are all very satisfying. Good portion size for an app, which makes the happy hour prices all the more attractive! 

Drinks: Happy Hour Drink prices are quite high compared to other HH's. Otherwise, I guess they're pretty much in line. The Chambourd Frozen Margarita is delish!

Service: Never had a bad experience with the wait staff. Friendly, attentive, and knowledgable. Seem to be perfectly okay with their tables ordering off the HH menu (some servers don't like the small tabs and it's reflected in their performance). Like I said, not a problem here (IME).

So this place always was one of our favorites and will continue to be until something changes.
The gorgonzola NY strip is amazing!!!!
Favorite place in Ahwatukee for Happy Hour.  $5.00 appetizers and $1.00 off chambord margaritas.  But only have 2, they are strong.  And the pulled pork nachos are out of this world.  It is very hard to eat that appetizer by yourself, unless you are me.  Give it a try.  Keegan is a great bartender also.
I'd like to preface this by saying I really do like Z'Tejas.  The food is always good, and the service is usually spot on.  The problem I have with this particular location is the hostess(es), and their amazing ability to lose reservations.  On more than one ocassion, I've showed up only to find they have no record of my reservation.  They always look confused and ask me if I was sure I called the right location.  My favorite was when they wanted to know if I put it under the wrong name.  I'm sure I forget my own name all the time.  Awww.....it's ok, hostess(es), at least you're pretty.
Z'Tejas has great margaritas (DUH), a great wine list and great food.  The atmosphere is awesome and I have never had an issue with service whether dining in the bar or in the dining room.  They are even nice enough to customize my margarita with jalapenos when I go there.  You'd think it wouldn't be that hard for a Mexican/Margarita joint but I have a hard time getting that request fulfilled at several places around PHX.

Bottom line, this is a great place for a date, a friendly get together or even lunch!!  The food will get you in the door and the cocktails and ambiance will get you coming back.
We sat at the bar to watch Kansas beat Ohio and were treated to a royal show by our rockstar bartender Aaron.  The food was so amazing we returned the next day for your last dinner together for our trip to Arizona.
Our waiter Philip was great.  We sat in the bar sipped on tasty margaritas and had a great appetizer.
Great staff.  The first time I visited a Z'Tejas, it was at the location in Phoenix for brunch.  I didn't even know there was a location in Chandler.  At night this location has a "grown and sexy" like vibe with the dim lighting.  We went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Love that they have a whole veggie section on the menu, it made choosing my meal so simple.  I had the wild mushroom enchiladas, my friends had the salmon.  The Food was good but the portions are a bit small.  My friends enjoyed their cocktails and the Ancho Fudge Pie was Yum!  Staff is really kind and accommodating.  Love the cornbread!
I would only give this place one star but the service is good so yeah. Back in the day they had fajitas on the lunch menu, but with that gone the menu sucks! That is all.
MY favorite Z's by far! The one on mill is decent but the bloody mary bar here on the weekends is much larger! My service is always amazing and cannot help but ask for the same server every sunday, I cannot believe I have forgotten his name but he is great! 
The bloody nary bar is full of different tomato juices and things to put in it, and if they run out of anything they are quick to jump and get you more. The cornbread and peach muffin are my favorite, I dont even like muffins but i always ask for an extra! I also love the jalepeno bacon and always get a side of that also, SOOOO GOOD!!
I have yet to come during any hour but breakfast but I must try because it is delic!
The chile pork verde and the jerk chicken salad were delish.....and holy hell, the chambord margaritas. Amazing and potent but if you've had little sleep and no food, take it easy on these....especially early in the day. I had two and was shitaaaaay. o_o
I don't even know where to start with Z'Tejas.  I guess it started with the one on Mill, but we live closer to this one on Ray near I-10.  The one on Mill is great for people watching and I have taken visitors there straight from the airport when they are starving to death after their flight.  The menu has a wide variety of choices, something for everyone.  The service has always been a bit slow on Mill, but they also have been very busy when I've been there.  I love that they are usually quick in bringing out that wonderful warm cornbread to tide you over.

I prefer the one on Ray for happy hour and for Sunday brunch.  For happy hour a couple of 6th Street margaritas, sharing some tostada bites and the street tacos make my belly extremely happy.  The husband and I can fuel up before our shopping excursion to BevMo across the street.  

The barbacoa enchiladas have been a favorite of mine for years and it was a eureka moment when I discovered that for Sunday brunch they serve the same enchiladas, but add two eggs cooked to order.  That dish with two eggs over easy on top is positively moan-worthy.  Love it.  We've also tried the mac and cheese and it's really good, but really rich.  I recommend sharing that one.

I usually just stick with the 6th street margs, but have tried a couple of other drinks.  And I seem to remember some kind of white sangria cocktail that was very tasty.  I always look forward to going to Z'Tejas.  Been there about 15 times in the past couple of years and never had a bad experience.
A chain of Tex-Mex restaurants in the Phoenix area. Nothing special, but not bad. Hard to rave about this place. It feels corporate like so many other chain restaurants around the country. The upsides are the cold beer (Dos Equis & Negro Modelo on draft - can't argue with that) and the extensive menu that includes a pretty delicious salsa trio and some tasty fish tacos (as an appetizer). Like almost everything we experienced out west, the portion sizes were enormous. Maybe that's just a U.S. thing these days. You could certainly do worse than Z'Tejas, though next time I'm in Phoenix I hope to seek out some authentic Mexican food rather than relying on an Inc's interpretation of it.
I love this place. The atmosphere is great, the service even better and the food is fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced.  My husband and I went on a Sunday afternoon and they had a martini bar.  Loved it!  I had the under 550 calorie fish with pesto and cilantro. It seriously tasted like way more calories.  I totally recommend this to anyone who likes fresh dishes, good service and a relaxing atmosphere.
Great Food super service by Thomas - We  were up from Tucson and after shopping at Ikea  - needless to say tired - Thomas gave us great service and chit chatted with us  then  sent us on the ride back to Tucson with best wishes. thanks Thomas
As PF Chang's is to oriental cuisine, Z'Tejas is to Southwestern.  Same idea.

I didn't say it was a good idea.  It's ok, not great.

PF Chang's pulls this trick off wonderfully.  Z'Tejas, not so much.

We went for lunch and were seated immediately.  The place we had originally planned on going had a line out the door.  

This is a huge restaurant and beautifully appointed.  Servers were all nice and did a good job.

It's a little dark in here.  It was lunch and had numerous windows but unfortunately we were not seated near them. I had trouble reading the menu.

The corn bread and butter starter is a nice touch.  Everyone likes a freebie.  It just wasn't that tasty.  Nothing special.

I went with a dish off their "seasonal" menu and it did not disappoint.  That being said, it wasn't overly special either.  The beans and rice were okay also but again, nothing special.

The bill came quickly and we were out the door in less than 45 minutes.  Very efficient.

Not the best southwestern food I've had but it's decent.  Don't expect much.
Best happy hour in the metro-Phoenix area.  Period.  Potent and yummy margaritas (limit = 3 and then you're cut off!) and fabulous discounted appetizers that we usually consider dinner.  If you have room for a real entree, try the relleno.  Heaven!
Delicious food, awesome drinks and always great service. This is the only place I'll willingly order a salad as an entree and it's soooo good and actually fills you up. This place is legit
The cornbread that they're so proud of is a bland version of jiffy corn muffin mix worst I've ever had. The five cheese Mac-n-cheese has no flavor they just melted some cheese over boiled noodles. The service was slow, the server seemed annoyed that he had to wait on me. I will not be going back.
I had some of the best Ahi tuna I have experience in a long time. Rare actually did mean rare, I am glad to see that their cooks have been trained in the are of tuna searing. 

The tamari tuna is basically a sesame crusted seared tuna on a bed of rice and veggies with a great Chile sauce, think of it as an upscale jap-mex fusion.  The tuna itself was of a very high grade, sliced thinly and a dark ruby red. It was tender and lacked the sinuous bits cheaper ahi can have. The flavor was fresh and well accompanied by the tamari crusted sesame seeds. 

I also had a small salad with their sesamee ginger dressing, which is so good that  I would order in cocktails if it were not frowned upon. 

There was also a copious amount of corn bread so I could get my south western starch fix.
On 3/11 we had a perfect brunch at Z'Tejas.  Is this 5-star dining?  Technically no, but everything from drinks to food to service was perfect that Sunday.  I ordered the Eggs Bene Z' Style which has the poached eggs on top of their delicious cornbread with chipotle hollandaise and jalapeno bacon, and a side of breakfast potatoes.  I've got to get over being bashful with my camera because this was a good-looking dish, and tasted even better.  If you're feeling a little adventurous give it a try, you won't be disappointed.  Every aspect of that dish was perfect and I'm still thinking about it.

Mr. M ordered the Hickory Burger and that was another item worthy of a picture.  Cooked medium rare as he ordered it, the smoky flavors were delicious and the sweet potato fries were very good as well.

I can't rave enough about the service.  We had a couple of the $4 mimosas and then for dessert shared a ginger something something martini.    We sat in the bar area and were greeted immediately with an explanation of the bloody mary/mimosa bar options.  The bartender brought us the champagne, and then we added our choice of juice.  The mango juice is a phenomenal choice.

When it came time for the ginger something something martini, we said we were going to share it.  The bartender was so funny and said he didn't want any fighting over the drink, so he made it with 2 glasses and we each got a healthy pour of about 2/3rds the glass.  That drink was one to savor, with I think crystallized ginger on the rim.  Delicious!  Two bartenders took care of us and I wish I would have caught their names because they were prompt, friendly, and funny.  5-stars all the way.  Can't wait to go back!
Keep in mind folks, its not supposed to be authentic Mexican food. 5 stars for the all around good experience. We were seated promptly, service was fast and friendly (we made it for the last 15 minutes of happy hour!) Ordered pork nachos, Chambord margarita, duck relleno, and Mac and cheese. All the food was tasty, and the margarita was strong! Love the cornbread too. Have to warn you, the food is very HEAVY, delicious, but heavy. Reasonably priced, great service. I will return.
I have been to this Z'Tejas a couple of times in the past and I wouldn't have said it was a five star experience but tonight was top notch.

We were quickly seated in a nice booth around 6pm. It was not super busy but busy enough. We were greeted by our waiter Matt who told us the specials of the night. I got the Chambord margarita special which included a Chambord margarita and two carne asada street tacos for Cinco De Mayo. My fianc got the 21 day aged filet based upon our waiter's recommendation and it did not disappoint. Right away when it came out we could both tell that it was cooked perfectly and a great cut of meat. My street tacos were wonderful and the carne asada had a great kick to it. I joked with my fianc for the rest of the night that I liked his meal as much as he did.

He gave me about a quarter of his steak and I enjoyed every bite of it. It was a little spicy, tender as can be and the mushroom sauce was to die for. The service was great and Matt definitely left a good impression.

Well done Z'Tejas, we will be back.
We eat at this location every time we get to the Phoenix area. We have never been disappointed with our food, our server, or our time spent here.
My only complaint would be that there is no ZTejas in Fort Worth where I live.
This restaurant is amazing!  Delicious food and drinks at reasonably low prices.  They also have great servers that provide excellent customer service.  I was glad we dropped in to visit family and they suggested this place.  I wish there were Z Tejas Grills in San Diego!
I love going to z'Tejas. The place is always nice and friendly. The margaritas are great and I love the cornbread! My favorite dish is the gorganzola New York strip. Nothing like a sprinkle of cheese on your steak! I also enjoy the tomato basil dressing but will pass on those weird things they call croutons...
Went here for some happy hour margaritas and chips + guac. The margarita was okay, but I didn't taste much tequila in it. And it was pretty small...maybe I just like to drink...

The tableside guacamole is cute idea, albeit a little awkward. The texture was nice and chunky but there was something missing in the spices...cumin, perhaps?

I really liked that they had a vegetarian menu with decent-looking options on it. Not many chain restaurants in Arizona go out of their way to do that!

Overall, it was alright...nothing too special and still a chain restaurant.
Good after work happy hour!
Great lite lunch selections and always seating at the hi-tops at the bar.
Z' Tejas is a solid standby.
Stopped here for lunch with some co-workers on our way back to the office after an interview.  Was seated quickly and our server arrived shortly there after to take our drink order . . . drinks arrived and our order was immediately taken.  Quick service.

While waiting for our food we received a telephone call letting us know that we had gotten the project . . . whoo hoo a $13,000,000.00 school . . . just wat the doctor ordered.

Back to the food . . . it arrived quickly and hot . . . ordered the Chili Relleno . . . which tasted great, along with the corn bread.  So why only four stars you ask . . . I have to go back once the high from getting the new project wears off . . . just to verify that they do deserve five stars . . . didn't what my judgement clouded.

With that said . . . see you here again soon . . .
Tonight Z'Tejas let me down. It is unfortunate because I love the food here. I booked a party for six for a reservation at 7:30pm. We were seated right away in the upper level of the restaurant. Our waitress came over right away and took our drink orders. It all started out pretty well.

One of the members of our party had never been here before so he wanted to order three appetizers for us to all share. I recommended the Tejas Trio (queso, salsa and guacamole) and he told our waitress to pick two of her other favorites. Now I understand that he did leave this up to her discretion however, she chose two other items with shrimp and seafood in them. As a waitress I would have maybe considered that not everyone in the party would have liked seafood. I would have understood maybe one other appetizer with seafood but not both. Again, it was left to her discretion so I cannot say too much about this one.

I tried to get her attention two different times to order a margarita, both times she swiftly walked away, maybe I needed to be louder. All things I could have shook off if our meal would have been up to par as it usually is. I had recommended to the other members of our party to order the 21 day aged filet. We had previously had an amazing experience with this steak. Three of us decided to order this item. When they came out they were all New York strip and not filet. Not really that big of deal but when you are a expecting one cut of steak and you receive a different one, it is a little disappointing. My steak was supposed to be a filet topped with a peppercorn crust and topped with a mushroom sauce. It came out as a New York strip, topped with the peppercorn crust but no sauce whatsoever. My dining companions decided to keep the New York strips in lieu of returning them to re-fire filets. I decided to have a filet re-fired because my steak came out completely wrong. I reordered the new steak with the Gorgonzola butter instead of the peppercorn crust because it looked dry when it was brought out.

After waiting fifteen minutes, after all of my dining companions were finished eating, I received my new steak. It was a filet after all but it still came out with the peppercorn crust instead of the Gorgonzola butter. I just feel as though the entire night our waitress did not listen to anything we said. I really am not that picky but after getting all three of our steaks wrong, and getting mine wrong twice I was irritated. This was the place that my fianc and I had recommended to out of town guests and I feel as though it was a big let down tonight. I just do not think our waitress could handle a big party along with serving her other tables.

I still might be back because I know how good the food can be here. I just think we came on an off night. Too bad.
Great server! Yummy guac and delicious pork tostadas.
Had a buisness dinner here last night. I was impressed the food selection was good. Good appetizers and good service. The setup inside was good. I need to come back and try the happy hour specials. I had the seafood enchilada which was good. I WILL BE BACK!
Went to grab a quick lunch today and this place was recommended.  There is ample parking and is located in a shopping plaza.  We got there early and there was plenty of parking, when we left, the place was getting their lunch time rush. The inside was nice and open and decorated nicely which made for a pleasant visit.

We were seated immediately and our waiter started out with the drinks.  We let the waiter know that we were in a rush because we had to catch a plane, this is typically a good test of the urgency the waiter can relay back to the kitchen, which they nailed, great teamwork guys..  They serve some corn bread with butter which was warm and fresh and had a little bit of sweetness.  

I ordered the steak burrito which was covered in sauce.  The steak was nice and juicy and they were ample size cuts.  The burrito had a nice little spice to it and came with some rice on the plate. 

The only thing I think needs a little change is the salsa and chips.  None of the three salsa's were particularly spicy and didn't really stand out from one another even though they were different styles.
I was NOT impressed at all. I was really excited about trying this place because a friend was raving about it. 

My friends ordered two micheladas, the guy asked "do you want the beer mixed with the clamato juice? with lime? with a seasoning on the rim?" we answered "Yes!" When the drinks came, it was just a glass of beer and a side of clamato juice for two beers. We were not aware that they had to share the juice. I asked for a cheeseburger well done, no bacon and it was medium well with bacon. I know I probably won't get sick if I eat pink meat, but that was not what I ordered. One thing my friend did like was the jalapeo mayonnaise. 

I have to say this place is over priced and not worth my drive. I can get better food and service in Tucson at Sir Vesas.
The atmosphere here is "fun". Very open dining room with lots of hustle and bustle as well as noise. Therefore very kid friendly because they could make a lot of noise and no one would really notice. The food they have is very much a Southwest fusion with lots of chile used in their dishes. They even have a very good Ancho chile chocolate cake. Every dish here is delish so just find one that sounds good to you. 


Visited November 2011
Went to dinner about 7:00 on a Friday night to relax, share dinner and a margarita.  We were seated in the raised up area to find incredible noise, lots of  kids and loud laughing tables of people.  it is good to enjoy your dinner but it was chaotic, so loud we had to shout to hear each other, not relaxing in the least!  My bread plate was wet and had food on it, and the table next to us was cleared so haphazardly  that a tray of food was left on the chair and the next guest almost sat on it but we warned her.  it will be awhile before I would choose to eat there again!
The best burger get the Z Burger. Be sure to ask for Jeffrey the waiter. A fantastic waiter :-)
Not an amazing place by any means, but it does the trick. i had good company so it helps. But to be fair, there is nothing that make this place stick out to give me a reason to pick this place over another competitors establishment. 

Nothing. And by nothing I mean only one thing. And by one thing I mean the margaritas. Those small vicious, awesome little tricksters in a glass. Those would be the thing. But you cant choose an after work place only based upon the margaritas can you? ... you can!

I might come back here. If I do, it'll be for the margaritas.
Made reservation because had other engagements. Showed up and waited twenty minutes. They said sorry people who have your table haven't left yet. As if they only have one table. When we informed them of our time constraints. They made no offer to help out. Like the food but not so good at keeping the reservation. And really that's the most important part
I was in the mood for something I don't always get for my lunch break last week so I decided to go to Z'Tejas.  I'd been to their other locations but never this one surprisingly.  The hosts at the front were very friendly, the one who walked me to my table actually stayed and made conversation for a couple minutes which hardly ever happens anymore.  My actual server was very friendly too.

I was very happy to see that they had a Build Your Own bar where you could pick from a Bloody Mary, Mimosa, Screwdriver and one other drink I can't remember and it was incredibly cheap!  Only $4 for my Bloody Mary!  They had a wide variety of choices too as far as juices, fruits, vegetables, seasonings, sauces, it was hard to decide!

For my actual entree I ordered the Hickory Burger which has barbecue sauce, chopped onions, bacon, jalapeno mayonnaise and a couple different cheeses.  It was delicious!  Kind of a mess to eat but worth every splatter you get on your face and shirt.  I just wouldn't recommend ordering it if you're with someone you're trying to look dignified in front of... The fries were great too.  Nice and crispy on the outside but soft on the inside.  I was definitely happy with my decision to switch up my lunchtime location and I will for sure be coming back in the future.
Chambords margaritas, mushroom enchilada, and cornbread are absolutely amazing. Total recommendation if this is your first time here!
Waiting 30 minutes to get water another 45 five minute to get my food no thanks there are better place in town with better service. If it wasn't because of my friend s birthday I would of walked out long time ago. It is seems like employee doesn't care about this establishment and want this place to fail.
I can't say nothing but great things about Z'Tejas. My husband and I eat here at least once-twice a week. I usually get the avocado chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries (YUM!!!!) and my husband gets the chopped chicken salad or the steak burrito. The restaurant is always packed, but the servers do a great job and are always attentive. 

If you're looking for a great happy hour, they have the best around, hands down. Nothing beats their chambord margarita and tejas trio. The best part is that they have happy hour on the weekends all afternoon!

If you've never been, you have to try it!
Bloody Mary and mimosa bar are awesome.
Came here for happy hour which is M-F 3-7 and weekend 2-6pm. Keagan the bartender is wonderful and attentive. Street tacos are great meat and the green Chile is tasty. Hooray for margaritas!!!!
Middle of the road  average lunch experience. Typical of Ahwatukee'a sea of chain restaurants. This concept is tired the food is bland, and the vibe is too. You can do worse in Tukee, go across the street and try red lobster!
Very good atmosphere. 
Tried couple of appetizers: shrimp-avocado tostado bites and the triple option (queso, ): both pretty good
The warm corn bread they served before our order was just awesome. 
However I was disappointed with their chicken fajitas: not sizzling and the chicken wasn't succulent. 
My colleagues liked their shrimp pasta.
I love this joint .. got nothing bad to say at all!  All of the wait staff are good but there a few that provide such GREAT service that you will be blown away.  AND get this, if you go a few times, some will recognize you and come to the table to see how you've been doing, even if you aren't at one of their tables.  Top that off with a creative menu and excellent execution and you've got one great date night!  I can't recommend this spot enough!
One word: yum! I came here for happy hour and got a ton of food for not much dough. Their tableside guac is so good. I love that you can customize it. I always go for lots of cilantro and lime. The pork nachos were delightful and really filling. Half price bottles of wine on Mondays and Tuesdays!
Love this place. Great atmosphere, service and good. An amazing value as well! My wife and I love to stop here on a date night for a late dinner. I don't think we have ever had a bad experience.
This place has the best happy hour ever. I highly recommend the pork nachos. They are delicious and a steal at happy hour. The atmosphere is fun but can be a little loud.  The open layout is nicely done though.
Good place to come after work.  The appetizers on the happy hour menu are the way to go.  I was very disappointed in my seafood burrito - hardly any toppings at all!
We haven't been here for awhile but were SO happy to revisit. Our meal from start to finish was top-notch and our server couldn't have been more helpful or friendly. Darn, I wish I could remember his name - a clever nickname that I swore I'd remember. Oh, well - he was amazing. Our fresh guacamole was terrific and that cornbread is always cooked to perfection. Can't get enough! Our margaritas were dynamite too. I ordered the ruby trout and it was spectacular. Loved the sides as well. My friend ordered the stacked enchilada and that was flavorful too. I don't think you could go wrong with just about anything on this menu. Oh, and Happy Hour prices are very affordable. Thanks!!
Very good food, superb bartender, and very tasty margaritas. Great happy hour prices!  First time I was here for lunch with my husband I had the blackin catfish taco. Excellent. And my husband had the z burger n loved it. Sexing time I came with my son for happy hour and we had street tacos. Very good also.
Went for dinner during happy hour.  Very good $5 margaritas...loved the patron fruzion.  The others I tried were ok...chambord was way too sweet for me.  The app and dinner were very good!  Will be back soon!
Need to watch their signature cornbread seems the last few times it's not been to their standards the fish tacos were little boring but fair taste
Now I know where to go for a really good catfish beignets! Warm customer service, nice atmosphere, very tasty street tacos and grilled shrimp guacamole tostada bites.
Happy hour is the bomb!
Awesome margaritas.  Food is ok. Tonight they tried to serve us old gummy tortilla soup, just nasty. No garnishes, no chicken in it, just brown gummy pured mush.  They took it back with the irreverence it was served with.  We'll be back for drinks.  Probably not to eat though.
They haven't changed the menu in 20 years and the portions are small and the food is not real good. They ought to visit Dick's Hideaway to understand what real good food is. The brunch has a nice atmosphere and the best item on the brunch menu is the coffee.
Always loved this place. Especially the corn bread which is the best you can get in town. Get nacho chips with three dip salsa and gauc for appetizers. 

Recently had the Fish Tacos and it tasted amazing with pieces of mango and tomato.

For desert: Ancho chili Fudge just makes me dreamy.

If you wanna take a girl to a place with good food and great ambiance this is your spot.
I've eaten at ztejas a ton of times and this was my worst visit. 45 minutes to get our food. Manager never even came by!
Very good food. Great service.
Service was best part of our meal experience. Pork tenderloin was over cooked, mixed veggies were flavorless, trout was dry and overcooked as was the salmon. Very disappointed as I know they can do better.
I came here for an easy dinner and margarita during happy hour. I had the most awesome waiter named Chris. He was attentive yet didn't try to push anything onto us, you know like many does. He just rolled with the punches and our constantly changing demands. The food here isn't the awesomest, but the drinks are and the service goes along with that. 

This place gets busy, even though it is huge but they can handle it. I am quite impressed by this. So to recap; Food is OK. Drinks are amazing. Chris is an awesome waiter. I think that summarizes it.
Go there for happy hour, chambord margs and green chile pork verde, all there appetizers are dope!
Matt from Virginia with 2 kids was one of the best servers I've ever had. He was considerate and excelled at customer service. The food at Z is excellent. I had the achiote chicken Cobb salad. Its my default meal here. Bloody Mary bar is top notch in this area.
Great food as usual. I brought my parents here for the first time. They really liked it. My only complaint was the noise level. Wow! Right next to the bar screaming across the table to each other or the server. My hard of hearing dad just tuned out because he heard nothing but bar laughter and chatter. Next time a table far from the bar....
We heard today from my son who wife and he dined at the resturant Sat. evening about 7:30 pm. Work all day and get a chance to go out to sit down once or so a month and come away with less than expected dining.experience. We watched the kids to give them a chance to relax. 
I asked if the resturant was busy and he says it didn't appear to be. The problem is the Fajitas which come, as he says on a platter with the fixings and a separte hot plate with the meat on one end. The meat wasn't hot and sizzling like it is suppose to be but luke warm. He should have sent it back but they were too hungry at that hour and just wanted to eat. I find fault with the server as this stuff should be put up to serve hot and if left on the bank to be picked up too long it isn't the kitchens fault. Like I said, he said it wasn't busy so the server must have been busy doing social things. maybe posting or catching up. But no reason to serve a dish on a cast iron plate if it isn't searing hot. 
Don't get me wrong here as I have good reports from my wife who she and friends love  Zs.. i have never been there and i like my food served HOT. Zs just lucky it was my son and not me as you got a pass this time and a pass ain't that greeat. .
I had Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno  and I thought I had died and went to heaven!  It was so great.  The waiter was knowledgeable and very helpful.  Food was so great, served hot, great presentation.  I wanted spicy, but the other person I was with wanted mild.  She loved it, and so did I.  This was my first visit, but not my last.
So with all the reviews that I read I didn't know if I should try it or not and opted to give it a shot since I had never been. We got cornbread, chips and salsa, Diablo pasta with shrimp and the New York strip.

My husband seemed to enjoy the cornbread, I think he was hungry.  The chips and salsa were chips and salsa. The steak was cooked perfectly at medium rare but needed a lot of salt. My first bite of my Diablo pasta I made a face because it was something about the flavor. It was Rosemary. I don't like Rosemary. The pasta was not overcooked it would've been more enjoyable if I like the flavor. 

So we discussed if we would ever come back and probably not. But if we did we would probably order something else. 

Our waiter was friendly!

It was noisy but not too bad. I could still hear my husband talking across  table.  So we gave it a shot and onto the next.
This one is crazy busy every lunch time on weekdays. 12-1:30ish. This also seems to be one of the few remaining ones that hasn't been remodeled in several years. They run better than average on getting your order correct though.
Okay, you might be asking yourself "who reviews a Taco Bell? or even looks up reviews for Taco Bell?" Well, I would ask myself that if I were you, but here we are.

This Taco Bell is awesome. They have really nice and friendly people working for them, and my husband and I would eat inside because we liked the service. We lived a block away, and came every so often over 3.5 years and it was always the same. We appreciate that kind of good service, and it's not one you would expect to get from a fast-food chain.
This Taco Bell serves sub par food! the ice water tastes like someone spit in it and the tacos look like someone stepped on them. I did like the doritos taco though and ordered it once, was very dissapointed when I got a regular hard taco instead that was crushed!! Ack!!
During the day the food is great and staff work hard to get everything right. However, at night there can be some issues with orders and waiting times. Food is great for fast food and we always come back to this Taco Bell. It tastes awesome every time!
hit this location up late one night, ordered the 3 Doritos RANCH tacos bundle, but received 1 Ranch, and 2 cheddar's...how do you mess up that order, the Ranch shells are tan colored, and the cheddar are orange. I guess they missed the "paint by numbers" skills in Pre-school.
Went to drive thur and guy was nice and I order one thing without tomatoes and he asked me if I wanted no tomatoes on the rest of my lunch and that was what I wanted. Thanks
Embarrassingly a regular at Taco Bell. But hey, when you are at work and in a rush on lunch then... well... Taco Bell is quick and easy.
late night snack.. thats taco bell for ya
I would usually put 5 stars but today I drove all the way home and they didn't give me fire sauce! I was mad, and so I went to another Taco Bell and they happily gave me my fire sauce. But the tacos from here were amazing :)
This place makes me crazy, I'm not sure why I keep going back.

The food is so-so, I got a taco supreme the other day and my sour cream was on the OUTSIDE of my taco. As in, between the shell and the wrapper. Very helpful. 

Plus, they are the slowest place ever. I timed my last visit - from the time printed on my receipt until I got my food was 12 minutes. Seriously? This is fast food people. And it's not complicated. The drive through moves way faster - I'm tempted to go through that and just eat in my car in the parking lot.
I love getting the Mango Chicken Salad! Its fast and fresh! I like that.
Pretty decent food here, reminded me of Chipotle a little. Too many onions and green peppers in the burrito I ordered, but I liked the freshness of everything, as well as the outdoor seating. They need more umbrellas or shade, as there was not enough seating outside for other customers that also didn't want to eat in direct sunlight.
Great manager and staff at this location!  Takes a few minutes for  the orders, but that's because it's all made fresh and you can sure taste the difference.
Grilled Mahi Tacos are awesome.  Great salsa bar with the best jalapenos!  Could use a few options without cilantro for Gringos though :).
Great place to go when I need a quick and healthy lunch.  I get the Baja salad w/ mahi on it. Healthy green lettuce.  Lots of fish. Dressing on the side.  I also enjoy the ahi tacos.  Great lunch deal.
Just stopped by this location yesterday and it was completely empty!  Checked their website and the location here and the one one FLW isn't listed either.  The closest one to Scottsdale is at 7th Street and Bell.  Did a franchisee go under?
Another Groupon casualty!  I bought several Groupons for this location and used only one.  Then we went to go use another one the other day and *BAM* it's gone!  Another one bites the dust.

Return Factor - An obvious 0%.
It's hard to give a fast food place more than Three Stars, or A-Ok in Yelp-ese. 

But if I could, this Taco Bell would be Three a half Stars!

The staff is very friendly and accessible, as is the franchisee who seems to be everywhere overseeing his business.  Nice!   When was the last time you were met and greeted by the restaurant owner?

It's been nearly thirty years since I had my first taco, and like Glenn Bell I fell in love with this quasi Mexican food item. His invention of the hard shell taco was a game changer. The new healthier menu is major a improvement.  The salads are much better

This restaurant is brand new.  Some seats even have cushions.  WOW!  They have some minor kinks to workout, such as the Pepsi all in one soda dispenser.  Like the Coke version, it makes everything taste like Dr Pepper.  So, if you are on the run for a quick taco or burrito, Taco Bell is still the place

Enjoy!
I arrived at this Taco Bell at noon.   Placed my order at 12:13pm and got my food at 12:33.  I came to try the new cool ranch taco and received  regular Doritos taco.   When I tried to tell the man (he looked like the manager) who have me my food he said "this looks like yours".  I said, "I ordered the cool ranch taco box".  He replied, "you want a box?".  I said forget it and walked away. When I sat down to eat my food, it seemed as though it had been sitting for awhile.  The bottoms of the tacos were soggy and falling apart and the food was cold.  Don't get me wrong, I have realistic expectations for fast food at Taco Bell but this was pretty horrible even by those standards.
Eh, it's Taco Bell, so expect fast food, chain restaurant Mexican that tastes like the price you paid for it. The staff here are friendly and are good at marking your items so that you don't get the "extra sour cream" burrito mixed up with your regular one.
The guy workin the drive-thru was hot!...sorry, caliente!  Finally an upgrade from that one lady with no teeth.
FIVE TICKLED PINK STARS! I just HAD to write a review on the great customer service from the person who took my order and I paid, but more importantly the gentleman who gave me my food while going through the drive through tonight.  His closing remarks? "See you next time," in a friendly and cheerful manner.  I can't tell you how many times I have received sub-standard service in drive-thrus; . no thank you or come back and see us, etc.  We as customers decide where to give our hard earned money and the business needs to decide if they want us to come back because we feel appreciated for giving them our business.

Now for the food. I decided to try something I have never had before, the Nachos Bell Grande; a nice plate of chips with beef, beans, cheese, tomatoes and sour cream.  They were pretty good...chips crispy, nice presentation and hot.  I also decided to order a side of guacamole.  Not the best guacamole I have ever had, but it had good flavor and texture.
Taco Bell, is well Taco Bell.

We have been coming here a few times each month whenever we go grocery shopping at nearby Fry's.  It's a cleans store with some very nice employees who rarely get the order wrong.  We also usually see and have gotten to know the franchise owner, he's always about checking on things.

But not a lot has changed since Glenn Bell first made that chicken wire contraption to invent the hard shell taco over sixty years ago.  Recently though, corporate owner Yum Brands has taken to upgrade the menu with offering from Chef Lorena Garcia's authentic Latin recipe premium items called Cantina Bell.  They have also rolled out this past summer a tie-in from Frito-Lays for a Doritos hard shell taco.  Both items are good and tasty.  

I have a unwritten rule that most fast food places can only aspire to Three Stars, or in Yelp-ese "A-OK" ratting.  Given the uniformity of fast food, it's hard to set them apart from another fast food place.  But, I like this franchise owner for his hustle and how he keeps on top of things and actually manages his chain of stores.  So Three and a Half Stars to him and this location!
I mean, it's Taco Bell. Not much to say.
This building is very outdated, definitely needs an update. The food is alright, I haven't had any issues with the ordering. They aren't very busy though, so I think the workers could be nicer.
Yumm
Even though I live relatively close to this Taco Bell, I rarely come here.  Had a couple of meals here recently and got my fav's...

7 Layer Burrito, $2.29
2 Bean Burritos, $1.98

The restaurant is kept clean and unless it's the lunch rush, it's always fast.  Nice cheap option when you're hungry and on the run.

Return Factor - 60%
If you're itching for cheap, down-n-dirty quick eats that taste nothing like authentic Mexican fare, this is your stop!

Taco Bell is the bomb - even back in the 80s! I mean, who can resist those crunchy tacos? So delish. 

It is especially good after a wild night out. I can honestly say that if you eat Taco Bell when you're intoxicated and you go to bed, you'll feel pretty damn good in the AM. It makes me laugh when I find shredded cheese and tomato bits on my coffee table in the morning from my 2:30am feeding frenzy. Silly wabbit!
I've eaten at Chipotle about 26,327 times in my life, so it's no surprise no matter which location you choose. This Gainey Ranch location is quite roomy, which is good, because this neighborhood is quite sparse on good lunch spots even though a growing number of people work in the area.

If you're going to lunch at this location, you have to get there before 11:06. If you get there after, prepare to be standing out the door, pissing away your lunch break and sweating to death. This happens every day. From my office I can see the entrance. 

Depending on who dishes up your food, you'll get a good-sized portion. They seem to load up chicken burritos to full capacity, but skimp a bit on the barbacoa and carnitas. You've been warned!
This is the best Chipotle in town!! They give the most. If you want Extra chicken they give you EXTRA!! I don't mind paying extra for double meat but some of the Chipotles are so skimpy! They also have the nicest staff Not kidding!!
We arrive late from LA and was tired and hungry. My wife likes Chipolte, so we stopped off at this location. On a Sunday evening there wasn't very many patrons, but they were trickling in.  I always get the pork burrito, my daughter and wife had the chicken. They filled it with so much stuff that we had it for two days, The burrito's were favorful and the black beans, oh so good. The restaurant was clean and the workers attentive. Always a great place for fast mexican food. One thing though, they should throw in a bag of chips with a meal.
My children love Chipotle, and where ever they are it is the first thing they look for.  I had never tried it before, but I have tried similar places, so I knew what to expect when I came in,  It is very clean and spacious, and there is plenty of room to park.  The first time I was there I wanted to read the newspaper, so I ate there, and it was quite pleasant. The next couple of times, I had burritos to go.

I was pleased  all of the times I was there.  As with any of these make-it-while you watch places, I think a lot depends on the people fixing the food.  All of the times I have been here, they have been very pleasant and have not skimped on any of the ingredients.

Compared to other similar business places I have been, the meat, whether it is the beef, chicken or pork, is extra flavorful. In all, a great experience.  In fact, as I write this, I am craving a Chipotle burrito...
I've eaten at many Chipotle locations many times, both in Tucson and Phoenix. This is easily my favorite location.

The cashier is friendly, the food service is prompt. The food is usually cooked well and portions are generous! The fajitas are a bit undercooked every now and then, but they make up for it in friendly customer service.
Oh Chipotle, I love you.  Healthy options even when craving Mexican!  My favorite is the chicken burrito bowl with fajita veggies.  Served on a bed of rice with black beans and pico de gallo, with some spicy corn thrown in....ahh my mouth is watering already.  I've been to many locations, and all are clean, food quality is excellent, service is friendly and professional, and I always leave satisfied.  5 stars to you, my friend.
Chipotle. Fast. Healthy, or not (depending on what you're in the mood for). I love the consistency of service and quality across locations. I grew up in Colorado and have enjoyed many meals at the original location by the University of Denver. No matter what location visit, you will receive delicious food made with quality ingredients. 

I was always a chicken burrito with extra rice, black beans, corn salsa, lettuce and cheese kind of gal. Most recently I've fallen in love with the salad. Romaine lettuce with all the burrito toppings you prefer. 

My latest creation is chicken, fajita veggies, pico de gallo, corn salsa with a tiny bit of cheese, hot red chili salsa and dressing on the side. I take this creation home, put it in a big bowl, toss everything together and devour. The marinade from the chicken and the juices from the salsa and veggies create an awesome dressing. I dip my fork in the side of salsa and vinegarette before each bite, providing just the right amount of tang and spice. 

The combinations are endless. I dream of Chipotle.
Though I sincerely dislike franchise food, I sometimes go to this location for lunch because it's so close to my office.

As for the food: it's Chipotle....they're the same everywhere.  I usually get the vegetarian burrito and always have a hard time finishing because the portion is so big.  I like that the food is predictable, but that I have a lot of options.
Rude staff. Always screw up online orders. Never ready on time.
Stopped in for a quick take out order last night, and this location did not disappoint me at all.

They didn't make fun of me, or give me a dirty look when I have them my ridiculous special order of salad with chicken, steak, no cheese, black beans on the side, red salsa, a dash of corn salsa. 

Thanks for cooperating.

In other news, the restaurant was clean, the beverage bar was wiped down, and the tabasco bottles were all wiped down and clean too. I hate when people steal those tabasco bottles though...there seemed to be some of the good flavors missing. Boo.
Dang- worlds strongest margarita here! Most people don't know they even serve Margs here. I always thought they were wine margs but the guy who made mine says they are made with actual tequila. I ordered 1 and I thought I got roofied it was so strong. Anyhoo- good service, good food, good prices and good chill location- not too many people at all.
Stopped by for a Chipotle fix this evening..awesome service. I waited 2-3 minutes for fresh steak and they threw in a free cup of soda for the wait. Clean, friendly and quick. This is exactly how a franchise should be run.
Chicken Burrito Bowl is a must! ----White rice, chicken, hot sauce, pico, sour cream, cheese, and lettuce !
So delicious and healthy.  I love the chicken bowl with brown rice... yum!
We dine here often and Chipotle really nails its concept and execution - predictable experience with high quality food and great service.
Good option for a quick take-out dinner on the way home from the office.
This my favorite Chipotle ever!!! It's so consistent and good! No hormones in the meat makes this "fast" food an A+ for me!!! Yum!!!
Indistinguishable between other locations.  

Good good, price and friendly staff.
Chipotle is always pretty consistent across the country. This particular location has an extremely nice staff & the food quality is always good.
Let me be clear and direct in this review: I am a MAN and when I go to Chipotle I do not order a salad or a hand full of chips.  I order a BURRITO, with MEAT.  I have eaten at over FOUR Chipotles, which basically makes me an expert of Chipotle, burritos, and all food in general.

One of the greatest things about Chipotle is consistency; you can walk into a Chipotle in anywhere in the world and you know that your food is going to be fresh and delicious.  What you don't necessarily know though, is the attitude.  Is this a Chipotle where everyone is happy and burritos are being tossed joyously from one person to another in celebration of food preparation?  Or is this Chipotle run by a dirty, filthy man who hates you simply for being alive, and will follow you out to your car and mug you?  Nobody knows.  Except me, because I've eaten at this one several times.

This is a magnificent Chipotle.  The people are good spirited, helpfully construct your burrito quickly, and pleasantly.  Sometimes I go into this Chipotle and I'm like, "Eh, not having such a great day - maybe a burrito will make me happy" and do you know what?  I go into this place, and everybody is happy and working and it's like, "Yeah... yeah now I'm feeling a little better.  Maybe things aren't so bad.  Maybe she still loves me."

So to summarize, this is a great Chipotle.  It's bright, friendly, ample parking, and the same fresh and delicious ingredients you expect.
Right across the street from my office. One if the only "fast food" places I'll eat. Vegetarian tacos are my fav. Usually pretty fast - but beware of long lines from 11:55-12:45. Epitome of the lunch hour rush.
I have a food allergy and they had no idea how to prepare my food safely. The worst chipotle I've been to in any state.
The food is good and the customer service is fantastic!
I love the food, maybe not a 5-star love, but I do really enjoy the burrito bowl and salads with naturally-raised meat and a big scoop of guacamole (for an extra $1.50).  It's right up my alley.

I particularly love this location because it's the only place I can find to eat in this retardedly far part of suburbia.  I'm working in a clinic one day a week that is 25 miles from my home in downtown Phoenix where real houses and real restaurants exist.

WHY? Why people? Why must you move so far out just to build your houses so close? Why must you live in a neighborhood that is so maddeningly beige and cookie-cutter?  All of this blandness has caused your neighborhood to become as interesting and flavorful as a saltine cracker.  Your starter castle/McMansion/Garage Mahal/Tract Mansion community has sucked all the individuality and creativity out of your life.  Ugh.

Thank god I can at least get a fairly tasty, chain fast food meal, that isn't horribly unhealthy while I watch another square mile of our precious desert get bulldozed.
Under new management. FRED from Chicago and his apprentice Sam have made some favorable changes to this fast food dine in delicacy.  I have always been a fan of Mexican food. My metabolism is constantly making me crave a massive amount of food.  If you are in the mood for a huge burrito, bowl, or tacos... this is your one stop shop.  Always consistent, fast and inexpensive.  Walking into the restaurant today, something was noticeably different.  Ah, yes it was the positive attitude from the gentleman behind the counter. Friendly, outgoing, smiling and pleasant would best describe his demeanor.  FRED a fellow Midwestern took over this bad boy 1 month ago and certainly has enhanced its flavor.  Have you been to a fast food restaurant before where the gm comes over to your table to see if everything is okay or you need a refill on your drink?  Welcome again back to chipotle.  what a positive experience today and had to yelp about it because this guy has gone the extra mile.  For a massive 2 pound burrito for under 10 bucks and quick..... this is your go to. enjoy.
When my brother and our friend Ron asked if I wanted to join them for lunch today, I said yes before I realized where they were going... I was super hungry! Although I've been to Chipotle just a couple of times before, I have to say, I'm not as big a fan as everyone else seems to be.  Reason being - both their corn relish and chunky salsa have a ton of onions in them... yuck!

But, I was hungry and needed some quick fuel, so I decided to tag along with the boys. I will admit, that for fast food, Chipotle doesn't seem so bad.  I ordered the chicken salad and although I would've liked some corn or tomato salsa without onions, the rest of the options were tasty; especially the guac!

I will agree with Zack that Steve, the new GM, and Sam, his apprentice, treated us like VIPs.  Never before have I been approached by the GM at a fast food restaurant like that.  (Then again, I rarely eat fast food).  Needless to say, it was impressive. If I need some quick food, I won't hesitate to return to Chipotle, it grew on me quite a bit today!
Chipotle is a great place i think if you want to eat healthy, this particluar one is close to my house, the food is very good, but its the service that gets me sometimes, i always order special things on my burrito and its a bit complicated, usually at other chipotles the person making the burrito is nice and does it with a smile, at this one they always seem so impatient and fast and when i ask for my special requests they seem a bit upset!
I come here a couple times a week for lunch or dinner, and I've never had a bad experience. The food is good, and the service is great.

I'm not sure of his name, but there is one guy, who appears to be the owner or manager, who is always very friendly and welcoming who occasionally works the line. The other workers don't go out of their way to be very friendly, but it's not like they are rude.

It's probably one of the better Chipotles I've been to, in terms of service and food, and I've been to plenty (even out of state).
Home of the ten dollar burrito? Well, it seems this way! The place is clean, fast, and there's outside seating, but when you add guacamole, sour cream, and chips and salsa to your item, the words you'll hear at the cash register will be, "That'll be Eleven-Fifty-Seven Sir!" I think this place is a ripoff, but their food is good. Rice does not belong in a burrito, so be sure and tell them that, especially so you get more meat & cheese.
Every time I come here, the GM is super awesome. He introduced himself awhile back, and now we're on a first name basis. Not sure if that's a sign that I go too often or great customer service (maybe a little of both).

As for the food itself, It's definitely not, 'Authentic' Mexican food, but for Mexican Fast food fix, this sure does beat Taco Bell. It's always fresh, and I'm a huge fan of the HOT sauce and lime salt chips they have there. I'm literally in between two locations, one off of Shea and another off Frank Lloyd Wright and whenever I'm looking to feed my Chipotle fix, I make sure to migrate to this one.
I like Chipotle, but they've got to make some changes for my tastes.

First, the salsas are lacking.  Can a brother get a salsa selection without red onion?  Red onion smell like Sasquatches cornhole, I cannot STAND those things.  Maybe lean back towards more traditional salsas like tomatillo or perhaps roasted Hatch.  Oftentimes, I'll order a burrito sans salsa and just add my own at home.

Secondly, what the hell is this, Subway Sandwiches at lunchtime?  I know speed is of the essence but haste makes waste, baby!  If you arrive at Chipotle at a busy hour, they're going to make a murderous mess of your burrito.   Split tortillas, tortillas soggy with the liquids from the beans, cross-contaminated filler (ooh!  Look!  It's a chicken-barbacoa fusion!)

Fast casual, I can appreciate.  Food made screamingly fast can really wreck the end product so please, I know you need me at the cash register and out of your way for the next customer, but for the love of Grog, take your time and let's work on "First Quality".

And let's have some traditional salsa options.

Red onions suck.  Even the guacamole has an overabundance.
I loveeeee Chipotle! omg soo good! I get the burrito bowl with rice, veggies, chicken and guac and it is amazing! I try to be alil bit more healthy so I dont get the tortilla. Anyways I love that and the chips with guac are absolutely wonderful! The guac is alil expensive and the meal can get alil pricey but I think it is well worth it. If my hips would allow it I would be here everyday ha ;)
I'm really disappointed in this location.  The last two times I've been here they haven't had the kind of meat I wanted ready.

This Thursday night at 9:20 they didn't have any steak for my burrito.  The guy said it would be ready in about eight minutes.  I told him I'd come back another time and walked out.

This Saturday at 11:30 AM I was in and asked the order taker for chicken tacos.  We both looked at the container that should have had chicken and it was empty.  The lady said it would be about 4 minutes until it was ready.

I waited and got my tacos and they were good.

I think I'll give them a while to get their act together here before I come back.
I love Chipotle, but I've had one really bad experience here.
A few weeks ago, I found a 12 inch black hair twirled in my burrito... NASTY!! When I took my burrito back up to the counter and asked for a new one, the woman working rolled her eyes at me and hesitantly made me another one free of charge. 
Other than that one time, this place is usually decent. Sometimes you have to wait for the meat you want because they frequently run out. 
I prefer to go to the 92nd/Shea location to get my Chipotle fix. It's better.
If you're in the mood for a mediocre burrito as big as your leg, you're in the right place.
As a family, we really like Chipotle and their healthy food options. Come on now, how many of us can just start watering our moths thinking about the guacamole?   

The only minus to this location is the parking.  It can really be crazy during the lunch time rush.  I forget how many times I seen drivers just blow through here yapping on phones and trying to get at some chips in the bag.  

Be careful!  BE VERY VERY CAREFUL!
When I'm craving Mexican Food, I always get tempted by Chipotle to stop by and grab a Steak Burrito.  That's exactly what happened a couple of weeks ago....I couldn't shake the image of a delicious Steak Burrito, so I dropped by this location to satisfy my craving.

When I arrived, there were 6 people ahead of me however it didn't take too long for the line to move.  I ordered my usual here....Steak Burrito w/Rice, Pinto Beans, Cheese, Guacamole, Sour Cream, and the Spiciest Salsa.

It only took a few seconds after sitting down for me to take a bite.....yep, it was just as good as I had imagined.  My all day craving was finally satisfied!  Needless to say, I devoured that bad boy in no time.

Overall, it was a pleasant experience at Chipotle.  I like this location and will definitely return.

Return  Factor - 95%
Chipotle is great for a quick lunch. I like their concept and the rapid order/eat system. It's not much for ambiance but likely healthier than most fast food around.
I don't get it. This place is crazy busy with no Manager in sight and in hiding during the busy dinner hour. No name tags on the employees. I was scolded for pointing over the sneeze glass to the sauce that I wanted since nothing was labeled. I guess I violated the health code. Thanks for not locking me up. I told my family we will not spend one more dime here.
If the food weren't so good, this Chipotle would represent my idea of one of the nine circles of Hell.  Enter on the wrong weekday evening during peak dinner hours, and you will feel like you're stuck in the middle of a daycare center.  Little kids run around as if they're in a McDonald's Play Place, but since there is no play area, they're just running around the restaurant.  If you're picking up food at this time, do yourself a huge favor and order it online to-go.  The 27 minute line (I'm not exaggerating; I timed it on my cellphone) is to be expected at 6:30 on a Wednesday night, but the crammed crowd and noise was pretty hard to bare.  Parking is also a regular pain at this shopping center.

I am not a kid hater.  I also understand that these issues are not entirely Chipotle's fault (which is why the place still gets four stars).  It's the parents job to keep their kids in line and it would be a PR nightmare for any company to try to do something about it.  But if you perfer to be in an environment without children running around like it's recess, then you may want to give another location a try.  There's quite a few other Chipotles just a couple of miles away.

The saving grace is my love for Chipotle's food.  It's the one fast-food option my girlfriend and I regularly agree on when we're too lazy to cook and not in the mood to dine out.  Everything is fresh and tasty.  The extra charge for stuff like guacamole is annoying.  But Chipotle delivers great food at a good price, so I'm more than willing to put up with the headaches to get my delicious burrito.
This restaurant has been going downhill. The last time I was there the food I got was sloppy and cold.  The chicken was chewy and disgusting. I contacted the company and they were very slow in responding.  They promised to send two gift cards for the disappointing service and only sent one.  I don't think I'll bother going again.
You go in here at pretty much any time of the day and you would swear that they were giving away free food... the lines are so damn long! 

The burritos or bowls are good. The proteins are always pretty fresh... as you can see the staff cooking them right over the prep line.

Today's trip was slightly disappointing because several items I wanted were almost depleted in the serving pans, and I wouldn't let them use the "dregs" on my burrito. 

Be careful ordering the guacamole: It's a $1.50 for a "scoop". 

My tips: Try one of their Margaritas! They are interestingly pretty potent!
Here's a useful tip.
Don't ever come here on a weekday around the noon hour. If you do, expect the following:

* No place to park. The place is besieged by Suburbans and Escalades....Notre Dame Prep seniors on their lunch period.....arrghh.

* One of those serpentine lines like at the airport, where you uncomfortably find yourself standing beside the same person each time the line moves up. Typically a high school senior looking at you, thinking...Jeez, I hope I never end up like that. {likely my ball cap, reading...This face seats five.....the sweats don't help much either)

* Indifferent servers, probably instructed to skinny-up the meat portions to anyone winking at them or making that hand gesture...the one with the thumb and forefinger signaling,...just a teensy bit more, please?

* And no place to sit. The seniors now in control, launching a full-scale assault on the table seating area.

Like a loser with a cute (to me, ewww to them) ball cap, you take your seat at one of the stools facing the parking lot...your backside to the seniors. This as you gaze out the window at the expensive cars piloted by teenagers, who, while walking by, not a fucking care in the world, look at you like you're a lone zoo exhibit or something.

I hope reincarnation exists. 
I want to come back as one of these guys.

I wander. Sorry.
The burrito bowl is my favorite. Here's a little secret. Refuse the rice and beans. When your bowl passes to the meat section. upon their seeing an empty bowl, the server will fill it to its gunwales with meat.
Once the meat's safely on board, conveniently go "OOPS, I changed my mind...maybe I will have some rice and beans after all."

Works every time. 
And no, I'm not homeless, thank you very much.
My family insists on going to this Chipotle because they like the food.  I go next door to AJ's and buy my food because I would never eat in a place this FILTHY!  Every time I go, same thing.  I complained to management and they don't seem to care.  Doesn't matter what time we go - busy or not, tables are never cleaned, floor has food all over it.  And the bathroom?  Ugh - I won't even go there.  The health dept really needs to pay this place a visit!
Ok here goes: I love Chipotle, not his location.

There is always ALWAYS  line of epic proportions here, especially between 11:45 and 1:30.

The parking lot, which is shared with a CVS, Aj's and about 10 other places in close proximity makes the parking situation a mess. 

The people who work there are suck-ish.  They try to be nice as they slop your food together, always annoyed and skimping on the portion sizes, especially the meat.

The food is the redeeming factor, which is why anyone goes to a Chipotle and endures the misery.
It's odd like others have said. The food used to be amazing and they used to be really generous with the meat. Last 2 times I have gone the food quality wasnt the same (compared to the last 5 years I've been going here)

We told the manager what she thought of the meat portion (really small for a bowl) and she said rudely "that will be $2 extra for double meat". Double meat? 

Anyways, used to be better. The old Chipotle would have been 10 stars!
For some reason I only come here when I'm angry at the world.
And by world I mean my wife. And by angry, I mean eye daggers, not Ak-47's..

Yes, whenever I find myself in that weird place, too tired for a lingering sit-down dining experience, yet not hungry enough for a double Whopper with cheese, I come here.
But not before a series of long and drawn-out interrogatories from my wife.

Her:  "What are you in the mood for?"

Me: "Nothing, I want to go home, have a drink and crash."

Her: "How's Mexican sound?"

Me: "Not as good as a Crown and soda."

Her: "Italian?"

Me: [tightening up like a little kid, facial muscles now squinched] "I want to go home."

Her: "What about, I know, Thai...you love Thai."

Me: [with all the aplomb I can muster] "Can we please just go home?" 

Her: [not talking now, whipping her car into the Chipotle parking lot]

Me: [to cashier] Uh, yeah, give me three Dos Equis Ambers, a bag of chips and some guac."

Her: "Seriously?"

As I said, I only come here when I'm angry. 
Three Dos Equis Amber, guac, chips, and three tacos...twenty three bucks.
The look on her face throughout 'dinner'....not so priceless.
For some reason this location isn't as good as the rest. The dining is always dirty and the patio looks like crap.
Friendly staff but is busier  then most.
Very busy location, but I never feel like I'm in line very long. There are a few downsides, such as parking. Good luck tryin to find parking during their lunch and dinner rushes! The tables and floors could also be cleaner. There is always food on the ground and crumbs on the tables.
I eat at Chipotle almost every day and usually visit the location by the Scottsdale Quarter and experience great service. This location however has poor service and they had their staff using their left hands to scoop smaller portion sizes, really?? They give you like 5 small cubes of meat and tiny portions of beans etc... This is not good service..  They need to step up to the plate and give service that is expected at a Chipotle franchise. Needless to say I will never visit this location again. By the way everyone that has experienced the same service there is relief close by at Grayhawk with another Chipotle location.
This used to be my favorite Chipotle but over the past two years the food quality has gone down hill. The chicken is consistently burnt and sometimes the mild salsa is tasteless, on the other hand the staff is always friendly. If your hungry for Chipotle drive the extra 5 minutes to 92nd street and Shea and you won't be disappointed.
This is BY FAR the worst Chipotle I have ever been to. It is slow & inefficient. The manager is more clueless than the staff. On multiple occasions I have arrived at the checkout and there is no one there to help me. 
On my most recent visit the lady who wrapped my burrito tore the tortilla (not a big deal), and when she went to re-wrap it, threw out half of the contents with the old tortilla. Not cool.
I have given this location more than a fair shake. I will not be back, mark my words. If you are in the mood for Chipotle, I would suggest going to the one on Shea & the 101 or the location on Scottsdale Rd.
Food is decent but they skimp you right in front of your face. Tons of rice and beans and just a bit of meat. I can eat 3 burritos and not be full. Oh and they charge a pretty penny for that rice and bean portion
Time for a review update.  After we moved to the area a few years ago, this location is the closest to my neighborhood.  From the first time I dined here until today, it's delivered consistent food quality and customer service.

The lines can get long during the lunch rush, so I like to come here before 11 am or after 1 pm to beat the long lines.  The only downside to this restaurant is the parking situation.  The parking lot of the shopping center it's located in gets packed, so it's often difficult to find a space close to the restaurant.  That sucks when it's 110 degrees out in the middle of the Summer.  Despite that inconvenience, I still come back.

Return Factor - 85%
Chipotle is good because of the food as we all know... I would like to particularly review the service of this chipotle compared to others. When I use to come in here, the old manager was friendly, happy to admit mistakes, and would even reconcile things like having to wait because they hadn't cooked meat fast enough (he would give me a bag of chips or a soda cup, etc). When I went in last month around 4pm and it was slow, there were 3 people in line, I went up to the counter and started ordering my burrito, all of a sudden the lady slaps a big scoop of sour cream on my burrito without me asking for it. Now I am lactose intolerance and know people make mistakes so I simply said "hey sorry I didn't ask for that and am allergic." I proceeded to get a response from whom I later found out was the manager saying "well what do you want me to do remake the whole thing?" I proceeded with I hate to do that to you but I didn't ask for it and can't eat it with the sour cream. This was responded to a grunt as the woman threw the burrito in the trashcan and gave me an attitude to make me feel guilty as she remade my burrito. I have never been so turned off by customer service like that and to later find out she is the manager there is absolutely appalling. In addition I have several friends that have mentioned poor experiences with this staff. 

I HAVEN'T RETURNED SINCE! Although I still go to chipotle as I think it is a great company and wonderful food, I will never be returning to that location and highly recommend against supporting customer service like that...
Yeah, gotta agree. Kind of slow for a chipotle and people not quite as nice but hey, I go for the food. As long as they make it my way.
I am not as big a fan of this place as some of the other rook your burrito chains but this particular location has the fattiest chicken and on 2 occasions the food here has made me sick.
A great lunch spot if you hit them during the non-peak hours.  I recommend trying around either 11:30 or waiting until after 1 p.m. to get some great eats here.  Standard Chipotle fair, and the service is fast, efficient and very friendly.  

I also recommend their online ordering service.  Pick your meal from the comfort of your desk, select a time, and even pay if you want to.  The food is ready to go when you arrive and all you have to do is walk straight to the front cashier and take it away!

Overall: A
Great lunch spot for some good food.  Try online ordering.  Parking lot can get packed at peak times!
Disappointed with Chipolte at Frank Lloyd Wright & Thompson Peak in North Scottsdale. We couldn't find a clean table inside or on the patio. The floor was dirty, and we didn't notice any effort to clean-up the restaurant.
Just about the worst chipotle ever! The last three times I've been here the line has been extremely long and takes over 30 min to get through. Tt's not that too many people are at this location it's that the employees are sluggish and slow, It's not worth the wait. It's quicker the drive to other locations.
Frequented this place for lunch when out on this side of town and it's always fast, fresh and easy. This place packs up quickly for lunch - so I would recommend heading here no later than 11:30 a.m. or after 1 p.m. if you need to be back to work at a certain time.  You can always order online and just grab-and-go if you need to!

The parking lot can be the tricky part of eating here, with a little bit of an awkward set-up and several different popular things right next to each other and people competing to get "the best spot." Again, lunch time is the worst time for the craziness.

The line moves really quickly since the employees are efficient but still manage to keep a smile and treat customers in a friendly manner. We'll for sure be back for good food here.
We go to Chipotle almost every day, today at this location there was no veggies, beans or meats prepared, we had to kill some time at AJ's and come back to find still no prepared food ready!!!  Lady fixing our bowls couldn't even speak English, got our orders wrong and after being given less than the normal serving size on our bowls, including the guac we pay extra for, Sally the cashier or manager, argued with us loudly regarding the portion sizes.  She said "I could stand here and argue about his with you all day"!  Wow!  We were appalled!  Bathrooms and restaurant floors a complete disaster.  Place was a mess and Sally does not belong in customer service.  We are huge chipotle fans and we were treated with a completely unprofessional attitude.  Sure hope Chipotle reads these reviews.  Lose Sally or lose our business and I'm sure we are not the first to feel that way, or last.
Worst chipotle location ever. 
Rude employees, slow line, ALWAYS out of something you have to wait for and if I have to say "more please" one more time I'll scream. They always under portion the meat and forget to give you the drink you ordered.
The only reason I come here is cause it's literally right across the street from where I live.... :/
I am a big fan of Chipotle... nothing new there. The only reason I ever hesitate to eat here (especially, this location) is because it is so damn busy... However, today, for the first time I used their fax order form- Totally awesome. I faxed it in, I called to confirm, I got there, the lady asked my name, handed me my bag, I paid and I left. I almost wanted to tease the suckers still in line. 

This is officially now the ONLY way I will order Chipotle. Score one for me and my time!!!
I am a big fan of chipotle.  Kind of embarrassed to say it but I have gotten Chipotle about once a week for the past 4 years.  I usually go pick it up during lunch at work, and this location is the one I always go to.  This location might be busy, but the workers there are AWESOME.  From the line cooks to the manager, they are all very friendly and accommodating.   The best part is how efficient they are at making your burrito.  Other chipotles' in the Phoenix area take note!  Suggestion to avoid the lines:  Get there around 12:30 instead of around noon.
this chipotle is SUPER TINY!! and so the line can be a bit crowded.  there's plenty of room on the patio, but that doesn't work out so well in the middle of summer when you might as well just go sit on the sun.  i was SHOCKED at how efficient and friendly they were here.   i mean, i've come to expect quick  friendly service at Chipotle, but everyone seemed to actually really ENJOY working there.  nice! and of course the food was  fresh and delicious!  this is a great location if you're going to take out, but if you want to eat on premises i recommend NOT going to eat lunch at noonish.  go early or late if possible.
Chipotle is normally pretty good nationwide. This location is par for the Chipotle course, which is, again, pretty darn good.

Will eat here again. Especially when I'm really hungry and want a huuuge burrito!
This chain seems to be consistantly good everywhere. Food is always good quality and service is always fast. 

In this location the manager and staff seem exceptional. The manager works the line serving food and gets to know the clients. Great job.
good burritos. i run across the street from work when i forget my lunch at home. very, very fast and affordable and filling for a few bucks. i like how they keep it very simple and effecient.
I enjoy Chipotle and appreciate their consistent food. But fresh organic food does not mean low cal.  I normally get the barbacoa bowl, no rice, black beans, fresh salsa. But lately I have gotten the crispy tacos with lettuce on the bottom, steak, black beans, corn salsa and fresh salsa. I used to get a side of guacamole and chips but found out that that one bag of chips is like 1000 calories. Ouch. No more chips. I get the crunch from the taco shells. I like that we can order with the phone app and it is ready and waiting when we get there. Unfortunately those waiting in line do not like that we go right up to the front of the line to pick up the food.
Super busy around lunchtime, and the parking lot is full of self important Snottsdale jackasses. Otherwise, good place for delicious foods.
Always fresh, delicious, and quick service. This is a staple for me.
The night before we were to leave on vacation, we decided not to cook dinner. So, we thought of Chipotle on Shea. I used the Chipotle app on my iPhone to order two burritos.
 
Drove over and picked up our dinner and headed home. When my wife cut into her burrito, it wasn't what she ordered. I wasn't going to drive 13 miles to have it changed. She couldn't eat the rice and sour cream. She scraped all of that stuff off.

I called Chipotle and talked to the manager he was gracious enough to make up for the mistake the next time I showed up. I just want to make sure this doesn't happen to anyone else.

I love their food and the only reason why I'm giving them two stars is because 'I've experienced better' from them.

The next time I go there, I'll watch them make my meals.Forget about ordering on the phone.
We love the fresh food here or at any Chipotle restaurant. 

Had my usual, Carnitas Burrito and my wife had the burrito bowl. This time we selected our condiments and especially added the guacamole which made my burrito cold. Wish there was a microwave to heat the burro. But, all in all, the meal was filling and good. 

This place reminds me of El Faro in San Francisco where I experienced a gastronomical burrito delight. This place is almost on par with them.  Maybe, Chipotle should look around for larger tortillas, so you can fit all the "goodies" without them bulging at the seams.
I had a burrito. It was tastier than it appeared and very filling.  It's still a burrito with sherded beef. What else can one say?  It's better than Taco Bell or Del Taco. It's also more money and not all processed food.  It's still pretty fast to pick up lunch.
My go to Chipotle in Scottsdale. I have been to pretty much every Chipotle in Scottsdale and non of them compare to this location. The food is always seasoned perfectly and the chicken is never burnt. Staff is always friendly and my internet orders are always waiting for me when I get there.
This is one of my favorite Chipotles! They give you generous portions and don't skimp on the guac when you ask for it. I ordered veggie tacos from here and everything was fresh and cooked to perfection. DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!
Amazing service, amazing food. What can I say?! Super yummy salad bowls... :) yay!! So glad they have vegetarian black beans!! As a vegetarian, being able to eat here is awesome and delicious!!! Not all Mexican places have 100% vegetarian beans. Often the beans have lard, so again, happy for chipotle!!!
This is one of the smaller Chipotle that I have been to. There aren't many indoor seating tables, and who really wants to eat outside in the Arizona summer? The staff is quick on the line so youre not stuck waiting too long.
Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????

Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl. What's going on? Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat? No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.  I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans. There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality. Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.
No friendlier spot in the Valley, and the dishes are tops.
Not loyal to their regulars. Night manager was rude over a coupon when the right thing would have been to accept it that one time but acknowledge the use next time.
What a great Chipotle experience. The line move quickly and efficiently and the employees are very friendly. This is by far my favorite Chipotle location.
This place used to be a Taco Bell (which moved just down the street to the west) but is now home to "Nico's Tacos".  the burritos are HUGE and not bad.  I had the veggie burrito (which could have used some more veggies, but was good for what it had-- your basic beans/rice/lettuce/tomato/sour cream combo).  my wife had a combo plate that she said was just so-so.  this chain comes out of San Diego where they have a number of fans and detractors; apparently you either love 'em or hate 'em.  for now I'm leaning to the love side because of the quality of what I had, the number of spanish-speaking patrons, and the huge menu that includes tortas, breakfast burritos, chile rellenos,tacos and all kinds of other stuff, including french fry nachos.the hot sauce is.... interesting, a strange shade of vermillion.It'd be nice to have some tobasco, Cholula or tapatio on the tables...  it's a dive, but maybe a good one.  have to try more to see.
Best Taco Bell in Tempe!

Consistently good every time.
I had a chicken chimichanga because it was their $5 lunch special. In retrospect, I should have ordered something else that would have challenged the place more. At this point, I feel like I've visited my fair share of -ertos restaurants in Phoenix, and I should have known better to get chicken + tortilla + sauce + sour cream + token cabbage instead of something more complex and interesting. 

There is no reason to go to Nico's when there is a Filiberto's down the street. I might consider going back if I was trapped on the corner of Southern and McClintock, starving, and if I had eaten at that little deli place next to Sunflower Market every day for a year, and I was allergic to Long John Silver's.

It's not that bad, just nothing special. And no salsa bar!
This location has filled three orders for me in their drive through. Unfortunately two of three times the order was incomplete. They also don't ask customers in drive through if they would like condiments. Apparently it is a new company policy that the consumer must ask for them and employees aren't allowed to ask you if you would like them according to the manager I spoke with. This often leads to drive through customers having to go back to the store or go in side after going through the drive through just to get hot sauce if they forget to ask for it. 

Orders with only two or three items should be easily filled and easy to complete. Probably will not return due to issues with this.
Terrible. Longest wait in a drive thru ever. Just to find out they forgot to put things in the bag. The only thing I can count on from this TB is bad service. Always messing up the order.
I think an unborn fetus is smarter than the people who work here.

Stay far away if you don't want to get the crappiest Taco Bell you have ever had.

Blah.
The drive through line is always long at the weirdest times. I would not come here during a lunch hour because I may end up spending the whole hour waiting for my order. When I get up to the drive through window, I paid and sat and watched them make my order. It made me wonder what takes them so long. The servers were nice and friendly. My food was hot. But I really don't like waiting so long for "fast food". I love how you can really feed a whole family from their menu for less than $10-$15.
The tables were dirty. The food was exactly what you would expect. It is an hour after my meal and no tummy gurgles yet. Whew!
Wow I forgot how great Taco Bell is. I never realized they had so many zero calorie options on their menu. You might say What Taco Bell has zero calorie options you are crazy. To which I say no sir just about everything on their menu is zero calories because once you throw it up after you eat it you don't absorb any calories.
I am sorry I don't usually rank on a place this bad but this was really bad. I am sure some people just love it but not this person. The staff seemed nice enough. Although it seemed like the guy on the registers second day on the job. Also when you just stuff the napkins still inside the wrapper in the place where the napkins go and tear open the end that is not really refilling the napkins. Just saying.
The food is tasteless and horrible. I wouldn't even feed it to my dog because the ASPCA might come after me. I know that is harsh and I am being mean to get a laugh but this is the worst kind of fast food. It gives fast food a bad name. I don't even dare call it Mexican food because it is so far away from real Mexican food it has never even met real Mexican food. Real Mexican food would beat up Taco Bell food if they crossed paths.
Like I said I know people just love Taco Bell but as for me I will try, shouldn't be that hard, to never eat here again. Sorry Taco Bell.
This Taco Bell has never given me any problem and I have been her numerous times, only this was my first time checking in there on Yelp. 

Being the drive-up line was at least 8 cars deep, I went inside and ordered my items to go, as I was meeting my husband at his work for lunch and also ordered an item for one of his co-workers. I only had to wait about 5 or so minutes before everything was ready and bagged. Very friendly people work there and they are fast! The only thing that was alarming was the filter cover was off the front of the soda machine and looked like a large eyesore. I couldn't keep from staring at it. I notice weird things like that, and it just creeps me out!

Got the food to my lunch destination and everything was good, although the left the salsa out of one of the taco salads I ordered (found it later inside of my order when we were finished). Everything tasted great and was a nice break from our usual sandwich lunches we have every so often. 

I just hope the next time I step foot in there, they have their soda machine filter cover back on!
This Taco Bell is decent. It is always busy when I go through the drive thru. You normally have to wait in a line that has you in the middle of the parking lot of Costco where cars going straight have to drive around you. That is somewhat annoying. They are pretty slow and always push you to get more when ordering even after saying no. Lucky for them the food is amazing, well at least tastes amazing.
This Taco Bell is terrible. The food is the same as any other Taco Bell, but the service here is downright sad. They have messed up my order 3 times in a row. I hate sour cream and always ask for no sour cream and every time I always get sour cream. This place sucks at life, go somewhere else.
My review is based on the service.  I have always received great service from this location and have nothing to complain about. However, Taco Bell's quality of food is another story. If you have the extra couple bucks, get a real taco or burrito from Chipotle or Los Taquitos nearby. However, if you like cheap and tasteless food then this place is perfect for you. I only gave them a better rating because they have fast and quick service. The food quality is out of their control but I wouldn't give a business five stars solely on service.
Okay maybe out east our fake beef is tastier or something but this was hands down the worst Taco Bell I've ever had. 

First off, they messed up our order but being hungry and having a grumpy toddler yelling in our ears, we didn't bother to correct it. 

Second, the steak in the chalupas my husband ordered was extremely bland and the chalupa bread was bitter like it was old or fried in bad oil or whatever they do to that. The "beef" in my soft taco was the right color and consistency but was also flavorless. Stranger still was the normally soft tortilla wrap was crispy on the edges but soaked through everywhere else. How long had it been sitting there anyways? 

Hmmm, hoping that not ALL the Taco Bells in Arizona suck. But thankfully with all the Mexican food around, it shouldn't be hard to find decent tacos elsewhere.
What's not to love about Taco Bell? You can't seriously go there and expect more than exactly what you get. This particular one gets my order right more often than not, so that's good at least.
OK, seems silly to review (another) Taco Bell, but I just wanted to write a little something about how friendly the staff is at this location!  "Please," "Thank you," "Have a nice day," and a smile go a long way!
Taco Bell - for a fast food restaurants it's quick and easy. I've dropped into this location several times to beat down some tacos and burritos, among other things of course. My favorite is the enchurito but Word on the street is this item has been discontinued. But with plenty on items on the menu, I guess I can satisfy my taste buds somehow. You can always buy a burrito and a taco supreme then put them together and make your own jumbo size burrito supreme. Yeah, that's a J Monday special.....haha! 
Location wise - it's very convenient. Pretty quick drive through. Can't say that my order has been messed up yet which is a plus for this food chain. Inside is a bit aged, doesn't have that awesome clean feel to it but it's not dirty either. Overall, when I'm in need for pretend Mexican food that's fast and fast, and I just happen to be in the area this will be my jam.
This is one of my favorite Mexican fast food restaurants. It's clean and cool in the summer. It's neal the theater and my house. You can alway ask for more meat without extra charge. Of course, they will charge you if you ask two spoun more. :-)

The parking space is not as big as the store and it's crowed over the weekend.
Excellent food. I think I am going to have to go there once I complete this review. Place is very clean and extremely welcoming. The staff are very friendly and efficient. Food is well priced and very pleasing to the taste buds. The burritos are fantastic especially with steak and the burrito bols are great too. Oh and you get get beer here and margaritas too . I am absolutely in love with this place and can't get enough. Chipotle can get crowded on the weekends and during lunch hours but you can still go in and and get your food in under 15 minutes.
I love Chipotle.  They offer huge burritos as well as you can skip the tortilla and get a bowl.  They also will make cheese crisps for children.  Prices are $5.50-$6.00.  You can have anything made into a salad for an additional $0.50.  They can get crowded on the weekends, but you can also fax or do your order online and just pick it up.

We love going to Chandler Mall and get the kids a meal inside and we get Chipotle for us.  Best bargain there!
I completely agree with Sarah's review.  What I also love is they have huge cheese crisps - great for kids.  Their burritos are huge!  

I also enjoy their atmosphere.  If you go to their website, it tells you alot about what their restaurant is like.  Very eclectic with corregated metal and birch wood.  Very clean atmosphere.  

One of my favorite Mexican restaurants!
Location, location, location.

This Chipotle is in a great location, seeing as the Wallace Theater (or now its something like Hollywood Theater) is minutes away (by electric wheelchair).

The staff has ALWAYS been friendly.  The dining area is always clean.

I'm not a big 'salad' kind of guy, but I'll take the Chipotle chicken salad with rice and pinto any day.  Their medium salsa is my idea of a perfect salad dressing, but if you are more traditional, you can get their house dressing.  I like to top off my salad (or as Sponge Bob would say: "sahh lahd") with a dollop of freshly made guacamole.

When you go to a chain like Chipotle, you know what kind of food you're going to get.  When you come to this location,  you also get great ambiance.

-Swoop
I really dislike this entire chain.  I have eaten a few and have not been impressed.  They make these burritos look huge by packing them in flavorless overcooked rice then put a few ingredients on.  They have additional items that you can buy a la carte to put on your burrito to add flavor, but you'd think they would be included.  This is Tex-Mex cafeteria food.
So here is the deal with Chipotle.  Every once in a while I forget why I don't like coming here and then *poof*. I magically find myself in line, looking at that damned Aztec art thingy, wondering what a plywood and sheet metal Montezuma has to do with the comically overstuffed burrito I am doomed to regret eating.  
The food does not taste horrible.  It is decent.  I really enjoy their fountain soda, I don't know why.  Their are a few places that just have amazing fountain soda.  QT for one and Chipotle for two.  (That reminds me, I am going to yelp QT next.  I have some shit to say about those Mo-Fo's.)

So here is why Chipotle gets two stars. Every time I eat there, I get about halfway through my giant tube filled with meat, beans, and rice when Ol' buzz kill Chipotle shows up in my gut, like the cops coming to a party.  Chipotle barges in and yells "Chipotles here, everybody OUT!".  That is when all of the drunken teenagers inside me make haste for the nearest exit. 

Yes, I did just make a diarrhea euphemism, relating Chipotle to the cops and my poop to drunken teenagers.  I am not proud.

Why do I repeatedly torture myself for mediocre food?

Although, I do expect mad props for not going with a Montezuma's Revenge joke.
I love Chipotle and this location carries on the great tradition!
If you are hungry and you want to get what you pay for...don't stop here. This is one of the only Chipotles where I get the stink-eye if I ask for a little more rice/beans/meat (not that I'm asking for mounds of food, but at least enough to fill my burrito) The burritos here are way to small to be paying almost $8 bucks for a burrito (I don't usually get extras like a drink or chips).
Oh Chipotle. You give me a stomach ache half the time I eat your burrito bol, yet I can't stop going. Thank you for being open late and for being so close to my apartment. You were my only dinner option at 10pm on moving-in day and you get an extra star just for that. You'll be seeing a lot more of me - even though you have the most uncomfortable seating of any Chipotle I have been inside.
OMG Burrito the size of my arm! This is a great location, and the staff is amazing.  Everyone is always so friendly and nice.  I love the cilantro lime rice Chipoltle offers, and when I want something filling but not *terribly* bad for me, this is a great option.  I usually get my order to go, and they are always super nice about adding extra layers of foil to keep my burrito at optimum munching temperature.   All I can really say is YAY BURRITOS!
Chipotle is dependable. I can always count on them to give me a great, delicious and fulfilling meal at a good price.
I love this place!  And so does my family!  It's so cool that you can order your dinner on the Internet or on your iPhone, bypass the line and eat a great and healthy meal.  The kids love the build your own tacos.  The burritos are so huge, I usually get one to split with my wife.  So, I can feed the whole family of 6 for less than $25--which is a deal these days for this quality of food.  Again, if you haven't tried ordering online or on your phone--you've gotta try it!  Great food!  Great service!  A+
One of my fav places to eat. I go there so often i get embarrassed!! haha sit outside if you want to feed the birds. lol
Oh, Chipotle. So delicious, yet so punishing later. I'm all for giant burritos, but damn. Chicken is win. Also, how come guacamole is extra? Are avocados really that expensive? I didn't think so last time I bought some. And didn't I just pay like $9 for a burrito and drink? Meh.
The Absolute Burrito!  No other burrito company like it and they just started offering brown rice.  I'm officially a life long customer.  Wow, I actually said that!
Standard Chipotle fare - consistently good; not bad for corporate food - if you have a few minutes, there are a number of good local offerings within walking distance.
Unless it's a chain restaurant with crappy food to begin with, I generally start my base rating of chains with 3 stars and then add or subtract depending on various factors such as cleanliness, service, etc.  I like Chipotle because they focus on getting their meat from sources that place an emphasis on the welfare of the animals.  I feel that when the animals are treated humanely during their life (not stuffed in a tiny box all their lives and walking around in their own waste) it reflects upon the taste of the meat.  As a result, I'm a big fan of their carnitas.  I feel you can really taste the difference, and if it's a few dollars more for it, it's worth it to me.  When I went here they really loaded up my burrito so I got a lot for my money, and everyone was very friendly and provided great service.  Would go here again!
It may be one of those "Chain Restaurants" but does it fall under a "Fast Food Restaurant"? It's Fast but its Quality... and its Damn Delish... at least I think it is. Was happy to see that they have FINALLY added Brown Rice to the line up when I went in recently! 

Everything I've ever had its been great, not fantastic... but Fantastic is hard to find these days. The chips freaking rock... not so much for the waist line but who counts calories at Chipotle? NOT ME!  

Love that they have Green Tabasco Sauce... If they didn't... it wouldn't be a 4.5 Star. If they would add some Local Hot Sauce to the line up that would ROCK. 

It may be a "Fast Food" Restaurant but its a billion times better than 99% of those other "Restaurants" that serve crap. Plus... they have a great concept and I love this commercial of theirs: http://youtu.be/aMfSGt6rHos

My Recommendation: Burritio, Brown Rice, Black Beans, Barbacoa, Fajita Vegetables, Tomatillo-Green Chili Salsa, Corn, Romaine Lettuce & Cheese. Chips w/ a Sids of the Tomatillo-Green Chili Salsa & Tomatillo- Red Chili Salsa. YUM!
We LOVE Chipotle. Eat at this one all the time. The staff is very friendly and usually gives out generous portion sizes. Love the food and the fresh ingredients. Obviously not authentic mexican, but still delicious!
Let me just say, I love the taste of a Chipotle Burrito when everything is done right.

When the rice is cooked all the way through and has enough cilantro, it's awesome. When the black beans are cooked all the way through, it is awesome.  But it is impossible to pick off or pick out a bad element.  

This location is a hit or miss, usually a miss.  Sometimes the beans are crunchy, sometimes the rice is crunchy or under seasoned.  And if one element is bad, the whole burrito sucks and is a waste of money.  

Sick of wasting money here, just need to find a better location.
This chipotles is very sloppy and has major issues with customer service. The short female manger is a bitch and doesn't have a clue on what customer service is.... I have never seen so much turn over in an establishment. Watch the grill guy when he make rice...... he puts his bare hands in it..... gross.
MMMMMM we love Chipotle.
The staff at this location are friendly and accommodating! They are very accurate with phone in orders and online orders and the line moves fast when its busy. Highly recommend.
This Chipotle is sort of tucked into the shopping area.  Easy to see if you are in the right place, but otherwise a bit of a hunt.  It has the some format as every other Chipotle we've been to.  Burrito prepared quickly.  It was very tasty, as usual.  Seemed a bit smaller (I usually can't finish one in a single sitting).  But I can't be sure about that.

As fast food goes, this is some if the better stuff.
I love that you can buy a single taco!
Love Chipotle! It isn't always the best on your stomach, but taste so good.
Very hard to find. But food was AWESOME! Love there guacamole. Only bad part is its pricey. The burritos are huge. Wish they made a smaller version !
Every time I've ever eaten here I've gotten grizzly pieces of steak in a Steak Burrito. When you are paying double the price of Filibertos to come here it is pretty frustrating to bite into that. The price is competitive with other major chains. The environment inside is very nice and minimalistic. The chips are delicious but are caked in salt. The salsa is good. Look up the secret menu.
I love the food here the only thing is it can get pricey.  The burritos are huge and come with rice, beans, meat, salsa, lettuce, sour cream and other options. You can also choose a bowl instead of burrito the has all the same choices like a taco salad. They have a few things for the kids to get also.
It's a good thing that Chipotle warms my soul, because they had the A/C set to 60*... But if you're the type that likes that thermostat setting AND burritos/salads/tacos, you my friend have found your home. Stopping for dinner after the gym in damp clothes wasn't the best idea, and cause us to inhale our food so we could escape to warmer pastures. 

This Chipotle is just like the others. They're all nearly identical and produce equal product. That's a good thing. Burrito/Bowl/Taco/Salad - I love them all. But their guacamole, is the opus of avocado. Nothing compares. With their citrus infused tortilla chips. I die. Truly one of my favorite nosh choices around.
Portions are horrible. Getting more and more stingy with how much they give u. Even the rice!!! Not the same. No more for this family.
Very quick service! The three workers greeted me right as I was walking in. Not something I am used too. The portions are smaller than at other chipotles, the rice and chicken in particular. Overall a good experience. I was in and out in no time.
The employees here are unbelievable.  Literally watched one wrap up my burrito by squeezing out all of the sour cream then rolling it in it...plus my friends margarita took seriously 5 minutes to make.
Sofritas, black beans and pico, Oh my!

Seriously, love the chipotle concept, and love even more that they offer shredded, mouth watering, pepper infused, juicy tofu.

This location is great because they are quick and easy to get in and out of...(kinda wish this shopping center would take off a little more though).

The staff was really friendly and helpful and moved the long line  of customers quickly through the process and on to the every wonderful tasty chipotle goodness. I will be back soon!
Have you checked out the Chipotle website?  How cool!   How about their decor?  I want to hire their designer for my future kitchen!  

Now I remember why I loved Chipotle so much in college.  This is such a great spot when you are looking for really simple, fresh 'Mexican' food.  

5 stars for free food for teachers!  THANK YOU CHIPOTLE!!  This location did an amazing job with crowd control on teacher appreciation day.  Thanks to the manager for his great attitude and crowd control as we teachers lined up in hordes for our free tacos.  I had a chicken salad with all kinds of deliciousness on top and was very happy with my choices!

This is such a great location in relation to my place and I will for sure be back!!!
Chipotle is not particularly the most authentic Mexican place around...but with excellent meat, a nice staff, low prices and convenient location I somehow find myself enjoying one or two meals there per week.
This was the location where I fell inlove with Chipotle. This is the most authentic Mexican chained fast food restaurant I've been to. I've tried almost everything on their menu and its very tasty for such low price. They also offer quesdillas which is not on the menu which is pretty good. 

Their homemade gucamole seals the deal. its d-e licious! its good with the burrito, taco, burrito bowl, or as a dip for the chips! 

IM SO GLAD they have recently opened locations near san francisco!
I'm sort of torn between 3 and 4.  Yes, it is a really great tasting burrito and the ingredients are much better to start with  But it is also one of the more expensive fast food burritos.  I've probably been to this location at least a dozen times and all but twice I pretty much get the same thing. Today the weather was beautiful and my haircut across the street was finished early so I sat on the patio for lunch.
Best fast food in this area of T-bird and 59th Ave.  I don't know why Del-Taco even bothers to be there on the same corner.  

Chipotle is relaibly good quality food, especially the bean or veggie burritos.  However I don't like that they upcharge for the chips/salsa so much, because I'm spending nearly $8 for a simple burrito, coke, chips/salsa lunch.  

This location could do a better job at keeping the dining area clean.
One time I walked into this exact chipotle with my gf who was on crutches at the time the manager turned her frown upside down by saying crutches are no fun your burritos free I was happy but at the same time a little skeptical of whether or not the manager really cared for the way my gfs day was going or if he was just flirting but about 2 months later I walked in there to grab lunch by myself and the same guy said just you today I replied and said yep and he said well smile lunch is on me today lol just a cool guy I guess
I feel so stupid. Yeah I know everybody always likes Chipotle..but I just didn't get it. Maybe I was sick the one time I ate there  or I was on a diet or something . Cuz now I freaking love it! I was starving after moving a ton of stuff from my classroom and realized it was right near my new work.  Sent grandma and daughter to get some food and bring me back a burrito. Holy Frijoles ! That burrito was good.  I will so be back.
I love this chipotle. Very generous on meat unlike metro location! Not to be rude but, everyone speaks good English too. I get very upset trying to explain how I want my burrito at the metro location and its never right and they don't understand. Always fast. I always have the same lady when I pick up. She always writes my husbands and is name on the bag with hearts. She's very kind. I love this location.
Its a great place.. Just walking distance form the thunderbird business school . The good thing is- lot of meat at good price. The service is also very awesome. The attendants were very helpful and are present to suggest and guide you.
Burrito Bowl..  Mmmmm...

I discovered burrito bowls after always feeling like a bloated whale eating their whole burrito's.  I'm far from complaining because they were so damn good.  But I like to enjoy life after eating Mexican food. 

This location is always busy, but they seem to keep the line moving very quickly.  Also sometimes it's nice cause I'll add an extra item and occasionally they wont charge me.. (thx!). 

The people are nice and always smile.  That's pretty important.  Even if you're having a  bad day it's nice to smile because we definitely return the favor.  (mainly speaking of the girl at the register and the a couple of their line people).

I love this place and usually frequent it at least once a week.

Good food and good people!!
this place is dirty and the food sucks
My favorite 'fast food' joint! Everyone here is friendly and if you're buying two orders, they'll let you split the $1.80 guacamole onto both, which is fine by me since it's such a big glob of guacamole! Everything's always fresh and delicious!
Great fast food joint. Fresh taste filling size. It's hard to beat when you want something fast. I'm actually going to go back right now.
LOVE, LOVE this place. Food is always sooo yummy and the staff is great!!
Love Chipotle!  Ingredients are fresh, simple and affordable.  They are fast, and friendly.
This is my favorite Chipotle to go to because it's the closest one to my work. I call in orders all the time and the staff always has it ready to go. Even when I don't have a pick up order they always move quickly to get everyone through the line, which is great because when I'm hungry I want everyone out of my way!
Great staff, consistent, quality, close to starbucks and next door to nothing bundt cakes. So you can splurge on lunch, get desert,  and finsh off with a nice drinky poo.
Very slow service.  This location used to be great but the last few times I've gone the service has been very slow.  The line can be all the way to the door and you will see one or two employees working the line and the rest are wondering around the kitchen.
I came into this Chipotle late last night not knowing it was teacher appreciation night (buy one get one free for all education employees).  I weathered the long line because I happen to work in education and I was exceptionally hungry.  The staff seemed understandably overwhelmed, but remained pleasant even with a line out the door after 9:00 PM.  I've come in at other times as well and have yet to have a bad experience.  Great staff, great service!
I got food poisoning last night from eating at this location. Been up all night sick.  A friend of mine got sick from eating at the downtown  at the location. Something is up with those grills.  Sorry, but I feel I need to post for the safety of others. Needles to say I won't be going back. Such a shame. I loved that place. Careful.
This is our families favorite for a great lunch or dinner.  We love the ability to make any combinations or burritos or bowls in any combination of hot to mild sauces.  The Carnitas and Carne are superb.  Very affordable and quite filling.
I've been going here on and off for two years now...the service has really gone downhill the last couple times I have been in.  As has already been mentioned, they often have one person working the line, one cashier(who can only cashier and nothing else) and usually have at least one or two employees "supervising"...meanwhile the person on the line is backed up and apologizing to everyone waiting in line.  This backup most likely leads to the mistakes that have occurred, like not giving salad dressing with salad the last two times I picked up there...just disappointed in general
I have eaten at a number of chipotles and this is by far the slowest and most poorly trained personnel I have ran into. No sense of urgency with a line going out the door. Burrito makers out a little of some things a lot of other things. A franchise works because you can expect the same service and product from each place. Not the case here.
Omg. Busy? Fuck yes. Awesome food that's very delicious? Oh fuck yes. People need to shut the fuck up about how busy this place is. Be patient and get some good ass bowl and go home. Extra guacamole? Yes please, and I use their app and it is seriously awesome! Just order ahead and pick up. Can it be more amazing?
The ambience is fantastic! Great music playing in the background, happy smiling employees waiting to build a great burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos. My favorite is a chicken bowl with white rice, pinto beans, fajita veggies, and corn salsa with a side of guacamole. The rice is perfectly cooked and the chicken is simply amazing! Great char and flavor. Their busiest times are from 12-1 and from 6-7, but they serve about 3 customers every minute so the wait is not that long at all. Worth the wait!
I think its the Drive Thru thats the problem.  I go inside, everything is great.  I get my food home from the Drive Thru, no sauce, missing food, burned or 1/2 empty nacho cheese cups and crumb piles for chips.  Wish there were a 2.5 star rating I could give it
Like the previous yelper said! Rating is the service. Usually the food all taste the same! That's why we keep on coming back!!! You will have issues on the service, what do you expect? Most of them are minimum wage kids! They are just starting life! So like any fast food franchise, you get what you paid for! So be patient!
Burritos are mediocre. But the tacos aren't bad.
Waited 15 mins for our order to be eaten there. Drive through went 10x faster. Also awkward atmosphere, and of course lots n lots of blue hairs!! Go to the next one down the road.
Living in Arizona for the past 8 + years, i have pretty much tried most Mexican food from the cheapest to the most expensive. 

However, on my last night in Arizona, my best friend suggested that we shall go to Abuelos. He told me that it was an upper end Mexican restaurant.

We went to the restaurant close to 10:00pm. and they were closing at 11:00. It was a Friday night. When we enter the restaurant, you will be greeted by a fabulous architecture, and interior design. The most eye catching design was the sky blue ceiling. It was a similar design you will find in Vegas. 

We sat and was greeted by our waitress. The menu has plenty of choices and everything sounds and looks really good. Then they serve chips and salsa. The chips was warm, thin and crispy, while the salsa is not any typical restaurant salsa. It has a decent amount of spice, heat and a flavorful taste of salsa made from fresh ingredient. Not like those in bottle. 

For those of you who visit Arizona once a year for Spring Training.. I HIGHLY suggest that you should go to visit the restaurant. It's located across from the Peoria Sports Complex. Nothing is better than some cold beer and great food after a day of baseball.

If i return to Arizona.. i will surely visit the restaurant and recommend it to other friends and family
"I am a way picky Mex eater partially because I had the luxury of growing up with real authentic mex food thanks to my grandparent's. My mother in law has to go here every time she visits AZ which I always am ehhh about Abuelos nothing special about the food just the atmosphere really =-o The chips and salsa are very good thin crispy not greasy, perfect really.So this last time we went was THE last time I go there PERIOD. My MIL even said she remembered the food being better, while it was never a big deal for me.

It was my daughter's b-day. The service was awful! The server was Russian she couldnt understand much of anything. We had 2 toddlers with us and ordered 1 kid's plate for them to share well she brought 2 anyway and when we explained once again only 1 was ordered she was going to take plate #2 back and throw it in the bin, we then told her nevermind we'd keep the plate instead of wasting food for her mistake. We had the seared tuna starter pretty good and unexpected and something you dont see too often at mexican. I had the tortilla soup it was not good I have had 100x better from Red Robin, it didnt have any tortilla in it I asked what the deal was. She said it comes with a side of crunchy tort strips she had forgotten to bring out. I had the Green Chile con Chicken quesadilla - the chicken to be safe. I had a Mojito it was under their signature cocktails, it was the worst I have ever had anywhere" I sent it back wanting more cool mint taste she took forever but there was no change in my drink I left it untouched. We were a party of 6 no one was too happy with their dinner the kid's loved their chicken nuggets but they are kid's and love mcd's. We got the bill and were still charged for the horrible mojito and 2nd kids plate that was not ordered but would have gone in the bin. They did however concauct some desert for my daughter which she loved and was free maybe because her bday!?!?! Who know's but I won't be going back!
After  a year in the West Valley, this is by far the best mexican restaurant we've found.  We've had friendly, good service and very tasty food.  But one major complaint - they make the sweetest margaritas I've ever tasted.  And I didn't think margaritas were supposed to be sweet.  Next time, I'll follow another reviewer and order beer!
Last night I met up with my Wife and my In-Law's at Abuelo's to celebrate my Father in Law's birthday, I arrived late to dinner after working late, but My Wife was nice enough to set aside some appetizer nacho's for me. Let me start with the decor, this place is a blend somwhere between a nightclub with large glass doors and ambient light, and a Central Mexico villa, complete with faux sky fresco on the ceiling of the central dining room, all centered around an odd statue of a man in a poncho and a child in dining room.  Confused decor aside let's talk about the food.

the Nacho's I had we're actually very good, they appeared to be hard taco sized tortilla's broken in half with a bit of melted cheese taco meat, lettuce and sour cream on them.  My Wife told me about this greenish hot sauce the waiter put on the table that he said was really hot, and no one else at the table was daring enough to try.  Generally liking spicy food, I gave it a shot, it had a little kick, but nothing like some hot sauces I've tasted, nontheless I doused my nachos with it.

For dinner I ordered the Alambre De Camarones, which was essentially 6 large shrimp wrapped in bacon, stuffed with peppers, served with a queso sauce for dipping.  The dish was also served with rice and broccoli (which I found odd)

The shrimp was very good, dipping bacon wrapped shrimp in cheese may sound a bit decadent, but you might want to try it.  The rice is nothing you can't get anywhere else, but still not bad. The thing that kept this from being a four star review was the choice of Broccoli as a side. I know broccoli isn't unheard of in mexican cooking, I recognize the difference between Tex-Mex and what would be called Mexico City food.
Maybe I'm just being a picky little kid that doesn't want to eat his vegetables (which I did, the cheese helps). It just seemed like an odd pairing to me.

My wife had a an enchilada combo plate with beef and chicken which she let me taste and it was really good, any both her and my Father in Law's meals were served with these tasty papas with cheese and poblano peppers in them.  Which I secretly wish I had instead of the broccoli.

All in all the meal was pretty filling, tasty and our server was attentive, so I can't really complain. and would return to Abuelos
Mostly submitting a review just to throw my vote in.  Previous reviews give a good picture of the atmosphere, which is something I enjoy there.  My father wanted a steak and the nearby Texas Roadhouse had an hour wait so we went to Abuelo's.  He was able to get a steak, I was able to get mexican food.  My wife and kids all had something they enjoyed and everyone wins.
The spicy salsa (they had two salsa's) is very spicy and even tho I enjoyed the flavor and the burn the spicy salsa brought.  I believe it to be the cause of some heartburn I had later.  Small price to pay.
This place is over priced and not very good. Why would you pay those prices for pretentious Mexican food? Filburto's is better tasting and better priced. The decor is nice, but I prefer good food.
This one of our favorite restaurants on the west side of Phoenix.  My wife and I eat here at least once per week.  The service is always consistently good and the food is above average and definitely consistently good.  It is well managed and even though we have to wait periodically, this is because the restaurant is so good.  Everything is good; the daily soups, the variety of entrees including shrimp, steak, chicken and mexican food.  A great value!
The best Mexican restaurant round, service has always been prompt and pleasant. For Jeff's edification the statue is of Grandfather and grandchild hence the Name Abuelos (Grand father).
One of our favorite restaurants, and great Location, right next to the Ballpark
I had high hopes from this place, I really did.  Sadly, my new favorite mexican place is not going to be this one.

We arrived a little after the dinner rush on Sunday and the place was packed.  We were seated almost immediately, which was kind of a surprise, considering how full it looked.  The waiter eventually ventured over and asked for our drinks.  Now, to be honest, we weren't really prepared to order yet, but after dropping off some water, we didn't see the waiter again for at least another 7-10 minutes.  Come on, we weren't ready then, but it doesn't take THAT long to figure out a drink order.  On top of that, the drinks didn't show up until the food was coming out.

Anyway, after that lovely wait for anything beyond a single glass of water, I was pretty thirsty for my drink (their take on a long island, which turned out just to be....a long island [and not a good one, at that]).  My companions food, chicken quesadillas came out looking very pretty.  My chorizo stuffed chicken medallions; far less so.  To start, my plate had other food debris on it.  Apparently wiping off the plates as you hand them out isn't a priority.  Then again, neither is quick turn around because my beans and mashed potato sides had that lovely "I've been in the window too long and got cooked" film on them. Yuck.  The chicken itself was overcooked and dry, relying too much on the breading and the oily chorizo stuffing to cover for a terminal lack of taste in the chicken.

Anyway, based on the rave reviews, I'd consider going back if someone had their heart set on it, but I don't think this is a place I'll suggest again.
Never tried the place before now. Decent prices,nice atmostphere. Tried the quesadilla appetizer-good stuff-love the mushrooms,very different than most,and the southwestern ranch sauce.  Good sangria. I liked it a lot overall. The chimi was not my favorite,I've had much better.  Doesn't 'abuelo's' mean 'grandparents?  My hubs had a steak sampler once when they were doing a promo,and he really liked it.
My roommate always raved about this place so I thought I'd try it. I wasnt really impressed. I liked the restaurant's looke but the food was just okay. I probably won't choose this place next time I'm craving mexican food but I wont be upset to go back either.
The whole expierience was not what I expected it to be. Clear case of not judging a book by it's cover. Sometimes when you start things off on a bad note, things only go downhill from there. The place looks great when you walk in, very nice decor happy people galore. We had a party of two and were told it was going to be 15 minutes which was fine seeing it was new years eve and everywhere was packed. It was more like 20, which is fine unless parties of 4 or more that came in 10 minutes after you are being sat first. When we said something 30 seconds later we were brought to our table. I would have rather sat at the bar seeing it was a small table in a awkward place. Still looked pretty decent, minus what looked like a leaky roof with missing tiles and stains. The chips were good, the salsa was trying to hard with the whole roasted  chipotle thing and was not that good. But we were hungry and finished pretty much the whole small bowl before we were even offered drinks (10-15 min). Strike 2! So My wife ordered a Draft american beer. It tasted horible, something was wrong with the tap. We told the waiter and instantly he said, "it tastes like copper right?" How are you guys going to know something is wrong and do nothing about it. He suggested that we stuck with mexican beer because there is no problem with that tap, My wife ordered a bottled beer. We ordered our food right away, I had the sonoran which was a shredded beef burro, cheese enchilada, and beef tamale, and my wife had stuffed chicken. My burro was covered in 50 cent nacho cheese, and filled with meat that was unseasoned and bland. My wifes dish was decent, could have been better, was a little to stong tasting on the seasoning. We asked for the check immediatly, and could tell by the three tables around us, that we were not alone in this bad expierience. They push this place off like it's authentic, it's really just crappy tex mex food. Go to Macayos, or even Garcias for better food, prices, and expierience.
I love this place. It's beautifully decorated and the service is excellent. I have been here a few times and each time was consistently great. They are more one the "fine" mexican cuisine scale. They make an avocado mousse, that's like guacamole, only better. It's silky and creamy and oh so delicious. Their queso dip was excellent as well. Try their dip sampler it has the two I listed and one other. I've had a taco plate here and a quesodilla, both excellent.
The food here is delicious and the Sangria swirls are a must. My husband and I don't mind the drive from Scottsdale because it never disappoints. My favorite is there red sauce enchiladas and their papas..yummmyyyy :)
Not good at all.
I thought it was okay. The happy hour specials were awesome. I recommend it by far for happy hour. For me I thought the food was okay. I don't think it's really traditional Mexican food. I was very unimpressed.
The bar is high in Arizona for Mexican cuisine, and Abuelos, you may or may not have a shot in Alaska.

This is a corporate chain, which makes it difficult to execute the details and freshness that makes Mexican my favorite. Always on the search for a good chicken fajita (or lobster, but that's another Yelp entirely) should not be a tall order. Give me limes and guacamole and I'm a happy camper. The chicken here is consistently dry whenever I visit Abuelos and bland. A friend we came with ordered a grilled chicken dish that came out fried, though the menu specified grilled. No bueno, mis amigos.

Check out Los Olivos. It's a few miles away, but the food and the donkey are well worth the journey.
The outside looked like Cheesecake Factory. The inside reminded me of a casino where the ceiling is a fake blue sky. Me gusta la comida! I'm all about Mexican food at a reasonable price. $14.99 for a large plate called the Monterrey, which consisted of three enchiladas, one crunchy chicken taco, one beef tamale, rice and beans. The plate was so huge it looked like a turkey platter! They don't have an Abuelos in San Diego, so this was a nice touristy treat!
I absolutely love the ambiance and decor at Abuelo's! Being Hispanic, it truly reminds me of childhood memories and it feels wonderful to be in such a place. I know some people have been disappointed but each time I've been there, the food has been great and the service is also good! 

I'm not giving them 5 stars because while the food is good it's not absolutely authentic and mouth-watering. If you are looking for a nice place to take the family or your date, I would definitely recommend Abuelos! **Also their happy hour is awesome! $5 fajitas! $2 Coronas! $3 layered dip! Can't be beat!**
I took a friend here and she didn't like the tilapia with veggies around it, but I did.  Different strokes I assume?  Pretty place, but looks like a hundred other I saw in Houston.  Food was good but not great.  Would I go back again?  On my own?  Probably not.  It was good--just not that great or different that I would make an effort to go back.  It's just too commercial looking for me I guess.
Went to this place this past weekend. The service was great, but like Crystal N. mentioned the food isn't really all that great. The lighting in there is a bit too dark as well. Seemed like I was eating in a movie theater or something.
I know it's a chain, it's only semi-authentic, but I don't care!! Let me tell you why I love Abuelo's... CHIPS and SALSA-- ask for their two hotter salsas if you like it spicy. I love the one they serve warm, I think they call is "salsa brava." The chips are so thin and crisp, yum.

I also love their hand-shaken margarita, it's made with premium tequila and lime juice, not mix!!

I also always order the Monterrey platter, it's huge so you can share or take some home. Get the papas!! I don't care so much for their rice and beans.

Uhh I don't know why so many people have been disappointed. I love it!! However, I always order the same thing.
I'll just list a few bullet points for you to consider.

-Seated quickly
-Ignored by server
-Forgot Mom's margarita
-Server called my son "big man"...all night.
-Cheeze whiz on my burrito
-Tacos that tasted like vomit
-Every table seated in our server's section was in and out before us
-Wrong bill delivered
-Manager never stopped by to find out why we sent items back and asked to be removed from bill.

The chips and salsa were "ok"


Even though I've been in the past and enjoyed the experience, I most likely will not return.
Decided to try this place tonight with my girl and her best friend and son.  Margarita pitcher to start with and usual chips and salsa.  Wish the margarita was a little stronger but it was good.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas with green chile sauce.  It was yummy but not outstanding.

My girl and her friend ordered some big dishes and they liked it.  her best friend said the Tamale was yucky tho.

Her son ordered the quesadilla with fries and he did not touch the quesadilla.  his mom tried it and knew why, it was nasty so we told the server and she refunded it.

Overall very nice, but I wanna try my mex appetite somewhere else next time.
Typical suburbanite "Mexican" food with no fresh ingredients. If you're looking for something like Macayo's, but less tasty, this is your spot. It was very crowded today, which was a good sign. I saw tons of seniors here (that makes sense, given the name), and it's because they have a huge senior menu for them. They come from a time where food was not nearly this fake, so I refuse to believe they actually think this is good stuff.

Let's get the good stuff out of the way--the bar. $3 margaritas made with 1800 tequila? Perfectly blended in a 12 oz.. cup? Yes, please! It's awesome seeing a happy hour on Sunday afternoon, so this was a pleasant surprise. They also had the "cerveza rita", served in a goblet with a coronita (7 oz. corona bottle) stuck in it. Outside of the blended drinks, it looked like nothing special. You're out of your mind if you think I'm paying $17 for a bottle of Sutter Homes. Most of their wine list is the swill I'd use for wine pong, but that's another story.

The chips and salsa were decent. The hot stuff is one of the better salsas I've had in the valley, perhaps it was made with smoked poblano? I want to buy a bottle for myself. The seven layer dip was tolerable since I was so hungry. refried beans, ground beef, sliced green chili, sour cream, guac, and of course, cheese sauce. Perhaps the seventh layer was the suspicious film on the dip when it was brought to our table. Questionable.

My entree arrived, and I was disappointed just by looking at it. Why did the beans already look dry? Perhaps they were overcooked? It was as if they were sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time. The rice was decent, but also dry. My fajita chicken chimi looked a bit...narrow, and the tortilla didn't look properly fried. I freaking love chimichungas, so I had to dig in post haste! 

Most disappointing chimi I've ever had. Once during finals week, I was so busy that I bought some fajita chicken in a bag, complete with the fake grill marks. I recognized the taste right away, and proceeded to dissect my meal. There were cubes and 'strips' of chicken...and eureka! The fake grill marks. At home, this is tolerable in a pinch. For $11 at arrowhead? This is a piece of shit!

If you EVER see me check in here, it's for the tapas and margaritas during happy hour. I'll be sitting at the swank bar, flirting with some octogenarian's daughter who came here against her will. Outside of that, Abuelo's ain't up to snuff

Bar-3.5
Food-1
I love the food, called to make reservations for May 6 (Friday) and was told by Tara they could not do it because it was "mothers day weekend" which mothers day is not until May 8 (Sunday). I also asked if they already had a large number of reservations as I wa looking for 30 people for my wifes birthday, but was again told that they did not have any large party reservations. When I asked her name because I wanted to report Tara for not wanting 30 people to eat at this restaurant she changed her story to needing to ask someone higher up if they could make this reservation. I decided to take our bussiness elsewhere which is sad because I LOVE abuelos food at 83rd Ave and Bell, Peoria, AZ
Yesterday, I went in with my mum for lunch after having been here a couple times when I was younger.
Our waiter was prompt and took our drink orders. Mum got the Sangria Swirl, which she normally gets when we go in and is never disappointed, and I got a virgin Margarita (I'm not a fan of alcohol). Our waiter brought us our drinks and our chips and salsa. Truthfully, I do not understand why he warned me about the small little bowl he brought out that was "so spicy". Maybe it's just because I have murdered my taste buds with spicy food, but it was nice, with a peppery kick that was pleasant, but not spicy.
We both got the lunch chimi's (chicken of course). My mum is a big fan of their papas, which is sort of a mashed potato dish with peppers and cheese and I got the rice. 
Our chimis came out fast with a queso sauce and some red sauce on top. I was disappointed with the lack of sour cream or guacamole. I mean, I have never gotten a chimi that didn't have a side of at least one. I wasn't a fan of the filling, it wasn't awful, but it wasn't the best chimi I have ever had - it was too... soupy? I don't know, I like my chimis stuffed with chicken, not an overkill of sauce. It was nicely busy for Cinco De Mayo, and our waiter was prompt and friendly.
I wouldn't call it 'authentic'. My favorite for that is Los Dos Molinos, but Abuelo's is my favorite of the chain Mexican restaurants. My favorite is the Nogales which is basically two burros, one chicken and one shredded beef, with different sauces on each.

You should order: Papas con Chile as your side dish. YUM. Also, you can have two fried eggs added on top of your enchiladas, burros, whatever. I love that and not many places offer it.
My sons brought me here for Mother's Day.  It was busy, but we didn't have to wait as long as we thought.  We were seated in about 20 minutes and our waiter was prompt and courteous.  I ordered the agave margarita which was very bland.  I had a shredded beef enchilada and a chicken enchilada served with refried beans and papas con chile (yummy).  The shredded beef was very flavorful, but there wasn't much chicken in the chicken enchilada.  It was a prefect amount of food for me - not too much.  My boys and husband enjoyed their meals as well.

Atmosphere is pretty loud with all the customers.  Lots of kids being Mother's Day.  We will have to try it again on a non-holiday.
not super authentic at all, chips are soo good, but salsa is kind of weird but still good. I dont know why but old people love this place! I like the chips with queso dip for apps then chicken enchaladas, classic but really good! Friendly hosts but waiters could know more about the product! over all I think it gets lost in the many mexican restaurants in AZ, and higher prices for the same food.
My husband and I enjoyed our meal (El Grande) We recommend the tres leches cake. Yum! The flavor of the food all had a simmilarity and I think it was cominos or cumin powder. Even the beans were seasoned with it....hmmm. Otherwise, a flavorful experience!
If you're looking for Authentic Mexican, this is not your place. But if you're looking for great Mexican-inspired food, this is you're place. Although, a chain, I would consider Abuelos one step up from On The Border, Chevy's, Macayo's or any other Tex Mex chain. The atmosphere and interior alone are more sophisicated. The salsa chips are very addicting. The salsa has a smooth smoky flavor. Also, the enchaladas and steak combo makes a great meal. I always ask for no seasoning or light seasoning on the steak because it's a little spicy. The enchaladas are flawless. And you must try the Papas con Chile! These are mash potatoes kicked up with cheese and peppers.
The service was ok, but I was hoping for Mexican food. I had the steak chimi, which is supposed to come covered with cheese. It was more like velveeta. The meat was not actual steak, more like a processed steak-like food. The server asked me if I wanted rice or pappas, and looked at me like I was stupid when I asked what pappas were. The chips and salsa were ok, the chips were the really thin tortilla chips like you get at chili's. Not a bad place for yuppy-style Mexican food, but if you're looking for authentic Mexican food look elsewhere.
Average Mexican food served in a Vegas style setting.

We have been eating here for years during baseball Spring Training and other sporting trips. The food is REALLY average and pricey. The place is usually filled with seniors since it is quiet unlike some of the more rowdy margarita bar places (Camarone's, El Torito, etc...). The ambiance is pleasant enough with a Cesar's Palace fake sky ceiling, but at best is a "safe" place to eat with no real endearing qualities for food or service. If you're not inclined to be adventurous, it is safe, but that's about it.
One star is a bit harsh. 

So was the service.


So was the food.


So was the environment and atmosphere.

Look, here is the deal, this place used to be great but time has clearly taken a quick toll on Abuelos.  What my family experienced the evening we stopped in was unforgivable.  We arrived later than usual for dinner so I know they were still recovering from their first large seating, but bottom line, the restaurant was a disaster.  Dirty tables, messy floors, and enough crying kids to make it really feel like a Dennys on Swap-Meet day. 

Wait, that is not fair to Dennys.

Anyways, the server forgot the appetizer order.  Completely.  

The food for the main dish came out lukewarm at best.  I thought Fajitas came out sizzling and snapping?  Nope, not this evening.  

Drinks were not refilled EVER.

This whole deal was a miss.  The manager never came around to even ask how the meal was...lucky for him or her.

Anyways, this was crappy enough that we even thought of writing a letter, but after this disaster who would want to even go back.  NEVER AGAIN.
Frankly, one star is even too generous for our visit recently to Abuelos at Arrowhead. What used to be a fun and delicious place to eat has dwindled down to being just an absolute dump. 

The restaurant was filthy. Someone had actually dropped one of their flossers on the floor in the lobby and the hostesses just walked by it over and over again. There was trash in the faux planters and there were actually still Christmas decorations in a couple of random spots in the faux plants surrounding the dining area. There were dirty tables that just sat dirty all around the dining area. Sorry but that's unacceptable. 

The server was friendly...sort-of. He sold us on an appetizer and then didn't bother to put it in! I think he was put out that our party of 3 decided to share the fajita trio rather than ordering 3 seperate dishes. The fajita trio is HUGE and it easily feeds our family. Our drinks were never refilled...our chip bowl sat empty so long it started to get cobwebs on it. 

Overall, this was a grossly disappointing visit to a restaurant that once was respectable, clean, and had pride. There is clearly no pride left in this Abuelos. I think I'll just stick to the dives here in El Mirage....at least they care about their customers and their reputations.
This is a very nice upscale place to sit down with friends and enjoy a real good Mexican food with great service. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and provided great service.

For starters I had the Mexican Shrimp Cocktail and then ordered enchilada dish that consisted of three enchiladas, two beef, and one chicken along with sides. Overall, a very good experience and would visit them again real soon  

Great menu and service.
9 of us, with reservations arrived and waited maybe 5 minutes.  The ambiance was great - some noise letting you know others were there enjoying themselves, but not overpowering.
Lots of good things on the menu with reasonable pricing.  Great chips, margaritas and sangria.  Wait staff smiling. pleasant and knowledgeable.
The food was Mexican, but with sort of a continental flair without a hot Mexican spicing and cheeses.  All who LOVE Mexican food were happy and people like me - well I had the angel hair pasta, shrimp, peppers etc.
We all would and will go back.
Thank you Abuelos for a good time.
Giving three starts because of the nice atmosphere with great food!  Held our office christmas party there and unfortunately, the waitress was a little off. There was about 13 of us at the table, so I guess she could be forgiven...although we're all pretty laid back. Had to flag down two other wait staff so we could get to-go boxes.  Got mine and my co-workers items mixed up when she brought the plates out, bills and change.  Laughable.
Very good if not outstanding mexican style restaurant.
Excellent Mexican restaurant!  My parents live in AZ, and took my sister and I here over the holidays for the happy hour.  The specials are awesome.  Each couple can order (lunch, I assume) entrees and an appetizer for $18 or something.  The sangria swirl was perfect--and not too pricey!  Cannot wait to get back to AZ just to go to this place.  : )
My husband and I decided to go to Abuelos for lunch last week since were in that part of town.  The hostess was very nice and seated us immediately.  All seemed well until our server came to out table.  You could just tell he didn't want to be there.  He asked us what we wanted to drink, then tossed out napkins to us.  My napkin slid to the other end of the table.  Then he just walked away.  My husband and I just looked at each other wondering if maybe we were reading something more than it really was into it.  But then he came back and asked if we were ready to order.  We told him we needed a minute and he just turned his back and walked away without saying anything.  I was ready to go.  
My husband suggested we sit at the bar because the bartender was really cool.  We walked over to the hostess and she could tell something was wrong and asked if there was something wrong.  When we told her she seemed genuinely concerned; she apologized and told us she would get the manager.  We sat at one of the table by the bar and the bartender came over immediately and greeted us.  He is a spirited guy!  We felt right at home.  We ordered drinks and our entrees.  
The manager came over to out table to talk to us.  He also apologized for our experience and thanked us for staying.  He gave us the Abuelos dip sampler.  I had never had that before.  It was delicious.  The chili and cheese was my favorite and my husband's was the avocado cream.  I had the steak fajitas and my husband had the fajitas tacos.  They were both really good.
So although we got terrible service from our initial server who shouldn't be a server if he doesn't like being around people, the rest of our experience made up for it.  I always appreciate when the management team shows that they are willing to earn our business back!
I was quite surprised when I walked into the restaurant...it's huge! Love the ambiance and the clouds painted on the ceiling. Got seated pretty quickly on a Friday night. Loved our server. He was very nice and got our drinks and food fast. I had a Raspberry Mojito and LOVED it...for some odd reason, a lot of bartenders don't know how to make a good mojito aka Lucille's BBQ but Abuelos does. The food was decent but I heard Arizona has subpar mexican food. And that's what this was. Pretty pricey and kind of an upscale feeling too so we probably won't be back. Located in the Arrowhead Entertainment Center and there is plenty of other restaurants in the area to try. 
**NOTE: Getting into the parking lot sucks!! No lights so you just have to pretty much cut people off getting into it. Good luck!!
Our trip to Abuelos Arrowhead was a VERY pleasant surprise. We live in Cave Creek, and were disappointed when the Mayo location closed. So, we trekked out to Arrowhead. The service upon arrival was fast, smooth, excellent. Our server very personable and helpful! George, the manager, went above and beyond the call of duty for our gluten-free daughter. And, he was very personable and professional! What a great lunch experience! Thank you, George!! We'll be back!
I would like to give this place 3 1/2 stars, but that option isn't really available now is it? 
I really do love the ambiance in spite of being a chain restaurant. The sky overhead with the statue in the middle of the restaurant is a really nice touch and the columns as well. It definitely feels a little different than other chain Mexican restaurants and for the better. 
It probably wasn't the brightest idea to go there yesterday afternoon on Cinco de Mayo, and we had to wait close to an hour for a table around 6pm, but we pretty much expected that. 
The food portions seem huge. My sister-in-law got the "Nogales" plate and I ordered the "Juarez" plate with a "Mexican flag" margarita. Yeah, I am not making that up. They actually called it the Mexican flag margarita...unless I was somehow mistaken, but I swear that's what the waiter said twice. I thought, "Sure... let's try that one." It was pretty good. It tasted like a strawberry daquiri with hints of a margarita on the top. Perhaps, I should've mixed it more? It was awfully sweet though. I'm not sure if the salt on the rim really complimented the sweetness of the drink. Definitely not a drink for a guy though since it was frozen and sweet. 
Back to the Juarez plate. It had a crunchy beef taco with a red sauce, a cheese enchilada, a beef tamale, and chicken enchilada with beans and rice. This plate was off the "Traditional Mexican" section. It was pretty good for what it was. I couldn't tell you specific details about the flavor, because nothing really stood out. It was just good. I remember trying the chicken medallions plate at another visit, and that seemed to be more memorable. The fajitas in the past had been extra good too. 
Our waiter was really nice. He was covering so many tables though, and things were chaotic, so he only visited our table about 3-4 times tops the entire time. This meant empty waters and not asking me if I wanted another margarita. 
In summary, food and ambiance 3 1/2 stars. Service... 2-3 stars. I'm basing this solely on Cinco de Mayo afternoon. I'm almost positve service is better on other days (or at least I'm hoping so)!
I recently went to Abuelos because it was in the middle of where I live and where the people we were meeting live. I was not particularly impressed. The food was bland and was not very good. The salad was awful - it was basically lettuce smothered in cheese and beans and had a weird taste to it. The tortilla chowder also had a strange taste and I could only eat a few bites. The others at my table said their food was just ok - they ordered burritos and fajitas.

The only redeeming thing about going there was the delicious margaritas! I got the Island - with coconut - it was delightful. Otherwise, I would pass.
Great place for lunch...Eat at the bar please?  Be prepared, great ambiance, but usually an older crowd.  I like the bar since the servers are older and more polite and know what food is good to order.  

I would give it a 4 star, but 2 visits resulted in poor service from servers.  I get great service at the bar however?  Note sometimes Costco has a gift card $79.99 for $100 worth of food!  If you plan on visiting this place more then a few times stop at Costco and get that gift card.
Food was great and affordable, service was great, food came out quick.
I think Abuelos is very good for a chain Mexican food restaurant. They are pretty consistent with nice servers and decent food. I remember a time when there were huge lines out the door and hour long waits, but maybe that was in spring training season because the last time I visited, we got right in with a party of 6. I will go there again with out of town guests because they seem to love it but i prefer to frequent local establishments if I can.
Bland/odd tasting Mexican food for white people. Meh.
Have been here to dine a few times. and went for happy hour on a friday night.  Very decent prices and the food is great. The place was busy but we are able to belly up to the bar. Will be back for sure.
At first appearance the place looks awesome.
Quick and prompt service.  Our salsa bowls were constantly refilled by the server assistants.
Then came the food....We were thereforSunday lunch and ordered off the lunch menu.  I ordered the enchilada and tostada which was quite the deal.  My wife ordered the lunch fajitas.  The flavor was good and enjoyable.   We will be back for happy hour!
Love their food - and especially love the happy hour.  Cheap apps, and even cheap wine!  Where else can you go and get a fairly large glass of wine for 2 bucks?!?!  Will keep coming back for more!
Excellent food and service!!! Everyone at our table raved about everything! I ordered the beef shreded taco and cheese enchilada which was very tasty. My mom was particularly excited about sopapilla's saying they were authentic to the ones she ate growing up in Texas. I had a bite of someone else's flan and had to stop myself from eating it all!
I had a date with Mama Jo last night and she chose Abuelo's. Though she pronounced it Aruba's. And the Ablegos. We finallly figured it out and arrived to a very bustling restaurant.

It definitely has the look of a medium end Vegas casino restaurant meets Macayo's...but all in all, I liked the decor, very bright and "atrium" like. We were greeted & seated, immediately and with kindness and professionalism. As we were being escorted to our table, I'm taking in the ambience, VERY busy and a HUGE crowd of SMALL little girls, half dressed in tu tu's. I kid you not. I thought it was teen drag night at a gay bar for a moment. 

As we nestled into our booth away from the screaming tweens, our delightful, delightful server, Ashley, informed us they were on the way to the Justin Beiber concert. How cute is that? Cuter that they were finished and leaving, but I digress.

I have to say, I truly appreciate a lot of chain restaurant requirements of the service staff. I like being asked if I've been in before. The specials. Soups of the day. Etc., etc. As long as they are not robotic and comfortable and smiling, I'm all ears. Five stars for Ashley.

Mom & I hadn't been out in awhile as we've (aka, ME) have been busy packing up for our move to Minneapolis. But she is as charming as she is lovely and it was nice to spend time with her outside of the house. We started with chips, three kinds of salsa (all explained, which I really appreciated) and an order of guacamole. I loved the THIN, crispy and fresh chips though they struggled to pick up the yummy, chunky guacamole without breaking. Oh, the problems we have!!!

We both ordered enchiladas, mom had ground beef and I went for cheese and a carnitas. Carnitas was sad and dry. Much like my Aunt Helen towards her final years. But the sauce was pretty flavorful. A big plus for the frijoles which had a great pork flavor infused and Papas Chiles...amazing, mashed taters with cheese. Carb city!

We finished with the obligatory chain chocolate lava cake. All in all for a chain restaurant, it was dang good. Ashley checked in when appropriate. I noticed two other nearby servers and their demeanor with guests and was most impressed.

So, Aruba's, er um Ablegos or wait Abuelo's, I might see ya before I move!
When you have to debate between admiring the aesthetic beauty of the presentation of your food and stuffing your face with it, you know that you have a winner!  Such is the experience at Abuelos, without the five-star price tag.

The architecture is nice.  From the indoor sky that makes you feel like your walking through Caesar's Palace to the handmade ceramic plates, the place creates an ambiance that 99.9% of people will like.

Even if you are part of that .01%, I dare you to not enjoy the chips and salsa that are placed before you.  No, I'm not referring to the one salsa that they supply (like most restaurants in the area) which tastes like it's mixed with dirt like it's 1774 Sonoran food.  I'm talking about the green one in particular.  Lime, Tomatillo, Cilantro, and who knows what else is perfectly mixed to make you think that you've entered Heaven.  There is another red salsa to choose from and another is a spicy, Habanero mix.  But, the point is that the green sauce is awesome, and then you can experiment from there.

Now, with the menu before you, don't think too hard because it's hard to go wrong.  The lunch specials will likely stuff your face without breaking your bank (e.g. try the Grande Burrito).  Their happy hour also runs all week from 3-7PM and will definitely come through for you.

So, if you are looking for a Mexican restaurant in Northwest Phoenix which will be sure to deliver, go to Abuelos and thank me later!
Great food & plenty of it.  Our waitress Jade was awesome!!!!  Ask for her section.
The decor here is pretty neat...I like that a lot. 

I would describe the service as attentive. I felt bad for our waiter, though....I think he was new. he brought us our chips/dip and then 5 minutes later brought another one. He saw the one on our table, and commented on how someone must've beaten him to it (he was being serious). haha!! He had a few other issues too....but a really nice person and very attentive - he tried hard.

The reason for the 3 stars is the food - it was average at best. I thought the relleno was okay, but the enchiladas and tamales were bland. We had cabernet - it was not very good... You know your taste buds are in for a treat when you order a wine that is served in a bottle with a screw top, right?.... their wine menu could use an overhaul, in my opinion.

BUT... i recognize that it is a Mexican restaurant and wine is not the specialty.

We probably won't go back...there are much tastier places in the same area.
Best Happy Hour and service..one of my fave restaurants in Az, solely based on customer service!!
They have recently re-printed the menu, as the pricing is a little higher.  But the quality of the food is great, their service is fast, even in "rush hour" they still get the food out of the kitchen and on to the table.  I like the 'Sonoran' with it's cheese sauce and the 'Papas con Chile'...   This is Mexican food at it's finest for a chain restaurant.  On the Border needs to learn a few tricks from these guys.
Let's test the authenticity... So the restaurant and bar area were packed.  They offer seating in either the dinning room or the patio, and it took about 45 minutes to get seated.  The Margaritas were great... the food was respectable, not authentic.

The nachos" tortillas cut in half, cheese melted to the tortilla (think cheese crisp) and a hunk of shredded meat neatly placed on each "Nacho".  Don't get me wrong, they tasted great, and they come with pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream and shredded lettuce.  We also had steak fajitas, ordered the 2 person portion.  It was enough and then some.  They were good... not mind blowing, but very good.

All In All, it was a pleasant experience... the staff is very friendly and attentive, even on such a busy night.
We visited November 2012. It was a very good experience' the food was excellent as was the service. I can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can try the other location in Chandler.
Very busy place, and don't take reservations for large parties. Waited 45 min for dinner on Sat night group of 9.  Chips were first, followed by Guac and their version of queso fundido (melted nacho cheese).  Their Guac is good!!!  Queso F, pass on that.   They provide you with 3 salsa's with the chips.  One of the salsa was green tomatillo which was awful. It was sweetened with pineapple. Huh??  Lot's of mix and match choices. I stayed safe with enchiladas of shredded beef and spinach. Their side of of papas and chili came with most dishes, which is mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasoned with a mild chili.   I did like the spinach enchilada and papas in a comfort food way.  I tried a bite of other things from the group. This is not going to be an authentic experience, but you will be full, nice presentation, and if your in a mixed group, something for everybody.  The setting is very pleasant, and relaxing, staff was very nice.  Margarita's a little on the weak side, so order a shot on the side for the full effect.
A taste of home (Lubbock) in AZ!  Always a great meal!

Ask for the hotter salsa!
I'm not sure why it took us so long to try this place.  We used to live close to this place, but didn't try it until we left.  Sure this is a chain restaurant, but it knocks it out of the park for me.

The restaurant is very nice on the inside and the food matches.  I always order the chile rellenos and they are stellar! Usually we order the avocado cream dip for an "appetizer" to go with the chips that come to the table.  It's probably just avocado with sour cream mixed in, but it is so flipping good.
Loved it, great food, margaritas, and fantastic service
I love Abuelos!  My friend from Texas first told us about this place and we were not dissappointed!  We gladly drive to Peoria for our "Mexican fix"!  (We were sad when they closed our nearby Scottsdale location.)  Their salsa is the best and my son loves the extra spicy one.  Chips are always fresh and warm.  My personal favorite is the cheese and chicken enchiladas - with the pappas!  Yum!  My hubby and son love the Pescaro Guerro (Mahi fish dish).  Although we are pretty predictable with our choices, they are always great.  Margaritas are very tasty and there is no skimping on the alcohol.  Highly recommend a visit to this one...
I am hemming and hawing about 3 or 4 stars.  I'm going to go with 4 because I have had so many bad dining experiences at chains lately.  This, obviously, was not one of the bad ones.  

First, let me say thank you to Abuelos for having a decent happy hour (gasp, seven days a week).  The drinks are priced great and there is a large variety of food at very low prices.  Second, this place was packed when we went in.  It was either sneak into a seat at the bar or wait 30 minutes.  We chose the bar.  The service was very fast and attentive despite the crowd.  Third, and finally, the food was genuinely good.  The ingredients were fresh, the salsas were flavorful, the chips light and crispy and it was all presented nicely. 

I know that normally decent food, served properly by people who are attentive should not be that big of a deal but, lately I have a hard time finding even the basics.  It was very nice to go out, order something interesting and be served the food just as it should be.
Amazing food! Affordable prices. By far the best mexican food place I have been to in Arizona. Happy hour is awesome
!
The atmosphere is really nice, but that is it.  Our server took forever, I don't know if she had to many tables, but service was very slow.  The food was very bland and overall tasteless.  There are so many better alternatives in the Phoenix area, don't waste your time here.
I LOVE the look of Abuelos and the fun ceiling just brings everything together. 

Abuelos was one of my first jobs when I was 16. It was not my cup of tea working there and quit 3 weeks later! After that I only went in 1 maybe 2 times a year. I never hated their food, it just wasn't first choice to go and eat. 

So, about a year ago my boyfriend and I was next door waiting for a movie when we decided we needed food so we searched happy hours all around the area and decided to walk over to Abuelos. We were so happy about the prices and the happy hour food was great.

I love that they bring warm chips and different varieties of salsa. The main reason I love to come here are for their amazing sangria swirls! If you ever go to Abuelos, this is a must have! 

We now go in so often that we know most of the bartenders and servers. :)
Fancy place.  Not great food. 

This place is a fancy, expensive Mexican restaurant for people what to spend more money than they should and get far less than good Mexican food.  I guess if you're from Minnesota, Wisconsin or BC this is passible, but it is far from good Mexican food.
My husband and I went there yesterday to celebrate my birthday because Abuelos is my favorite Mexican restaurant.  We were not let down.......dinner was delicious, price is OK and dessert is fabulous; especially  their cheesecake!
Minus the complimentary salsa trio (quartet, if you count the hot sauce), I'd probably knock Abuelo's down half a star, but I LOVED all of the salsas and our waiter was fantastic. We took a lonnng lunch and ordered the appetizer sampler of dips (all of which were fantastic) and shared a steak and shrimp fajitas for ONE. When the food came to the table I was shocked that the entree portion was truly intended for ONE. Needless to say, we stuffed ourselves, enjoyed a couple adult bevs and still left with two boxes of leftovers. 

If we weren't sharing, I think the food would be a bit overpriced (especially for lunch), but it was a nice change and I'll be back.
Stopped in at abuelos after working up a serious appetite shopping at arrowhead mall. What a work out carrying all these bags. I started off with a shrimp cocktail then my entree was the Monterey, that plate was a beast. From the chips and salsa to the entree I couldn't have happier. Our Server Jose was also attentive and made dining there a pleasure. The enchiladas and taco were delicious, I liked the different enchiladas that were served. Variety is always nice. The chips were light and crispy and the salsas were flavorful as well as spicy. We'll definitely come back to the place.
Great food and decent prices.  Much better prices than traditional places like Macayo's and Manuel's.    Usually good service but can be challenged when there are a lot of people.  Great bar as well.
Restaurant is nice. We got the #2 enchilada plate which is the shredded beef enchiladas and the Monterrey plate. Everything was pretty disgusting. It tasted like what my cats food smells like. We had a bunch left overs that we had no desire to take to go. I ended up feeling sick to my stomach later in the night. The only decent thing they had was the chips and salsa.
My husband and I went on a date night and we wanted to try this restaurant because we have heard its really good. We got there, we waited about 20 minutes for a table. Our "server" comes around, asked us what we want to drink and brings our drinks to table. He didn't introduced himself, not an hello, he didn't mention what specials they have, absolutely nothing. We said, we have never been here before and we have no idea what's good. He said "look over the menu and if you have questions let me know". By the time the word question came out of his mouth, he turned around and left from our table. My husband and I looked at each other and didn't know what to do. We got up and left, we didn't want our date night to be ruined by someone that has a bad attitude or doesn't care about the customer. I'm not rating the food, because I didn't get to experience that but I'm rating the server. Bad impression.
Love the feel and atomphere of the place.  Feels like I am eating in the middle of Casear's Palace with the indoor blue skies.  But the food and service was nothing specatacular.  Service was a little on the slower side.  The food was ok.  

Ordered the beef and cheese chimichanga (I love chimis).  The flavors was just ok.  Nothing popped or made me sing (in my head).
A corporate type of place, reminded me of Bravos decor... The Margarita was good and the food (Fajitas) was excellent. Not a large portion but it was good for lunch. Service was great and friendly.
It is a chain, but, I'll try not to hold that against it. The food was very good and some of the better Mexican food I've had in awhile. The shrimp fajita salad was just what I ordered, and my buddy loved his plate. He's a regular here, so, you know it's gotta be good!  I suggest trying the papas....es mui bueno!!

The service was good, a bit mechanized...but again, that's a chain thing.
First time here and the facility is actually very impressive inside and out. I also noted how incredibly clean everything was including the restroom. Service was just ok. Server brought out chips and 4 salsas. I would expect the server to take 8 seconds to explain what they were instead of having to guess. Wife had lunch chimi day it was ok. Kid quesadilla was cold. I ordered chorizo chicken. It was rather good but the portion size was stupid small. Like a half a breast. It felt like a typical corporate menu item downsized for cost. It was more an appetizer portion. Host staff was really unfriendly. When I got there I went to restroom to wash my hands and blonde host said nothing on way in and out. 2nd restroom visit Hispanic female looked up and gave me eye contact and said nothing as she went back to reading whatever she had at the podium. I always feel the host staff is super important as they are the restaurant ambassadors and the first and last impression. No Nothing is ever good enough for you with me Michael.need to be so unfriendly. 

Probably wont go back..to many other options around town with that food genre.
We love this place, its as close to Tex Mex as we have found in Phoenix. Absolutely recommend the appetizer dip trio and the fajitas. Atmosphere is awesome, especially on the patio (which is climate controlled but might still be too hot in the summer) or in the bar. The service has always been pretty good; water glasses refilled quickly as well as chips and salsa. If your looking for some decent Mexican food give it a shot. Its in a good area for going to dinner and then going out to the bar.
Great service, lots of tasty options spinach enchiladas were delicious also chips and salsa they give you are great, the green salsa is my favorite! Will be back to try more.
Not bad but not great. I prefer smaller local Tex Mex.
First visit here and loved the ambiance of the place right off. Very nice inside.
This was a lunch visit and had very prompt and efficient greeting, seating, and service.
  I had a chile relleno/ enchilada combo which was excellent.....beans and rice ----also excellent. Much better fare than macayos or garcias. 
  Also the best flan I've ever had. Definitely would and will return soon.
We rely on Abuelo's for good reliable meals.  Most often, we have lunch here.  The service is quick and courteous and the luncheon portions are very good.  Today I asked about the barramundi (fish which we enjoyed in Australia) which we enjoyed some time ago.  Alas, it was a seasonal offering.  If you see it on the menu, give it a try.  

It is interesting that people complain to us about chain restaurants.  We enjoy the certainty of having meals that we know we will enjoy.  That is not to say that we do not venture to other venues.  We do and when we find a treasure, we will tell you.
The boyfriend was in the mood for Mexican and really wanted to eat here since I always  adamantly say no. I've eaten at the one in Scottsdale a few times (years ago) and wasn't impressed, so I had no desire to try this location. However it was his turn to choose so Abuelo's it was. 

We arrived and approached the empty hostess counter. The sign said please wait to be seated. So we waited, and waited. Peaked our head's around and saw servers attending tables and waitresses chatting up the bartender. We started to peruse the menu and after a while the bartender came over and took us to a booth. I could see him also craning his neck looking for the missing hostess. 

Our waitress was very nice and kept our glasses refilled. She brought a trio of salsas and chips to the table. They were fine. Jarred salsa. Except the green one. I think it had pineapple juice in it. I instantly wanted to gag and shoved it to the far end of the table. We ordered the chicken and spinach mini chimis as an appetizer. When they arrived I was rather confused as to why there was tomatoes and corn in it. The cilantro aioli was orange and I couldn't find any cilantro. I know the server keyed in the correct item as it showed on the bill, however I would never have ordered them had I known that chicken and spinach meant chicken and corn salsa. 

For an entree I ordered the new green chili pork burrito with refried beans and the mashed potatoes. My boyfriend ordered the Juarez which is a beef taco, beef tamale, chicken enchilada, and a cheese enchilada also with beans and potatoes. 

At the end of our meal the only thing to disappear from our plates was the potatoes. The refried beans are apparently cooked in bacon grease. Neither of us ate them. Other than the cheese enchilada everything was really dry and flavorless. It's pretty embarrassing I would think to run a Mexican restaurant and your best menu item is mashed potatoes. The only reason I'm giving one star is for our friendly waitress. 

Abuelo's you have forever been crossed off the list.
Dang. Amazing food quality and the best happy hour. Great service. Group of 4 and we were all amazed. Wish we lived here, Its our new favorite restaurant.
Avocado enchilada was amazing. Very affordable for what you get! Be aware of the wait you'll probably run into... it's worth it.
The atmosphere is nice but everything else was subpar.  Guacamole tasted like it came out a bag, even though they claim it's made fresh. It was terrible! Gross
Fast service. Weston was an awesome waiter. Loved the Chips and Salsa. It had a really pretty ceiling.
This is a very beautiful and grandly decorated restaurant. The food was ok. Nothing that really had me jumping for joy. I dined and some of the hole in the wall places that had my squealing with every bite. 

I tried their mango salsa and it was ok. It was a little too sweet and I was expecting savory.  The ultimate feast entree was enormous. It was enough to feed three people.  Tasty and overfilling is an understatement. The ambiance was very nice and the service was great. A little pricey. Thank goodness I wasn't paying.
Went to Abuelos with a party of 10 at 9:30pm so we were "those people" that are usually hated but we were at an event that didn't have good all evening. We were promptly seated and taken well care of. I have been coming to Abuelos for years now and it is definitely my top "upscale" Mexican restaurant.  The queso is always on point and never had anything I didn't enjoy. From the filet medallions, enchiladas, or the Durango chimichanga that is smothered in the queso. Everything has great flavor and service is always great.
The food, service, and hospitality were all top-notch. I had the rib-eye and enchiladas dinner and am really close to slipping into a [glorious] food coma. Ask for Jos as your server, he's found the elusive medium of being extremely attentive without being overbearing.

Update: Best flan I've ever had in my life!
We arrived around 7 PM on a very busy Saturday night with our visiting granddaughters and were seated in about twenty minutes.  I told the hostess we would take the first available table and we were seated on the enclosed patio.  I would not do that again as the atmosphere is not pleasant, harsh lighting and no decor.  The food was very good and the portions were very large.  Our server was very attentive and friendly.  A good place to take out of town visitors.
I was really hoping that this restaurant was going to be great.  The service was great.  Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable.  The margarita tasted watered down and very sweet.  The enchiladas really didn't sit well.  Very mushy and kinda bland.  The salsa was good
Came here after a padre spring training game. Made it for happy hour . Decent margarita for $5.99. Great service!!!! Food okay, did enjoy the "papas" mashed potatoes instead of rice. Just OK...
Yes this is a chain Mexican Restaurant.  But I find it better than South of the Border or other such fare.  It seems a step ahead of the other chains.  

There seems to be a bit more inspiration with the dishes then the typical beef enchilada en red sauce.

For example Spinach enchiladas or bacon wrapped shrimp.  Or even the salsa choices are bit different.  

We went with a party of 6 On Sunday lunch.   No problem getting seated, though they were busy.  I have to admit our waitress while very nice was a bit slow on the take.  would constantly bring me a new iced tea, but never removed the empty glasses.  At one point we bussed our own table to prepare to make room for the entrees.  Oh yeah, one of our entrees did not show up with the rest.  It took about 15 minutes for the kitchen to get that one steak out.  Credit to the manager who took it off our bill.  

We paid with $25 gift cards bought at Costco for $20 each.  Worked very easily.

there is more than enough food per person.  No one even thought of ordering dessert. 

In the past we have had the Margaritas and they were not as sweet as some places sell, which for us was a big plus.  though they tasted just like the Kirkland Costco 'Golden Margaritas" (which we buy and love).

All in all, for a group with more Conservatives Mexican food tastes, this is a safe bet.  Way too much to choose from, which means everyone will get something they will like.  

As for the wife and I, we continue our quest for more authentic more adventurous Mexican food in Phoenix.
2nd time we ate here in 2 days.  just moved from San Antonio and we missed Mexican food.  great service and awesome food both days.
I love Mexican food, and this place is always at the top of my list of places to go.  It is costs more than your typical Mexican food restaurant but the quality of food, the impeccable service, and atmosphere definitely make it worth it.
3.5 stars. Abuelo's is a cool place, lively, colorful and generally pretty fun. The food is hit and miss. For example, I had a combo dish with a relleno, and it was one of the best chile rellenos I've ever had. Cheese enchiladas were so-so, and the taco was just kind of there and not happening. Chips and salsa were really good... They bring you 3 different kinds of salsa, and the tomatillo/pineapple one was relish! I'd go back, but it's a long way from where I live, so I wouldn't be making a special trip just for this place.
I'm not sure if I wanted to give 3 or 4 stars...hubby & I sat at the bar & started with a beer & a frozen swirled sangria (so good btw) they brought out chips & 3 different salsas.  We got there a little before 9pm when Happy Hour started so we waited to order the dip trio, they were great! $5 for 3 different dips is an awesome deal in my book, especially when they keep refilling chips for you.  Husband ordered a street taco & it took about 15-20 min for it to come out which was disappointing since the bar area wasn't very busy at all.  Service was a bit slow but we had a great time snacking on chips & cooling off with yummy drinks.
Good food- although some dishes better than others.  Service is hit or miss. Don't go here if you're in a hurry...The fajitas are terrific.  It's a nice atmosphere to go with the family and the kids' menu is great.  My son is a big fan of the cheeseburger taco.
Living on the west side (especially the NW side) of phoenix, you will soon discover the splendors of a suburban, mostly caucasian demographic.  In other words, lots of chain stores and restaurants with most of the food tasting about the same.  That being said Abuelo's is a step above the rest around here.  If you're looking for authentic, high quality mexican food this isn't the place.  You'd be better served going to somewhere in Scottsdale, Phoenix or Tempe.  If you're trying to decide between Macayo's, Abuelo's, salsa blanca, top shelf, and carramba...then this is the place to go.  It can get a bit busy, so come here on the earlier side or expect to wait.  They got a great happy hour menu, and the food is pretty decent tex-mex.  Their salsas are pretty good.  Nothing you eat here will knock your socks off, but you won't be running home with diarrhea either.  If this place were located closer to better mexican options then I'd probably give them 3 stars, but since its the best in the area I'll grant them another one.  

TL;DR: Eat here if you're on the NW side and want tex-mex.
Love come here before on several occasions and been impressed with both the food and the service.

 This occasion was no exception. I came with my family and my mother. We were promptly greeted and seated. 

The waitress didn't pressure us to order and encouraged us to take our time. We opted not to order appetizers since the chips and variety of salsas was plenty.

The choices of the night were the Monterey platter for mom, stuffed chicken medallions for me, the fajita chimichanga for my wife, and the taco and fries for my daughter.

I must start with the kids taco. For once I can say that it was a taco that I was honestly impressed with and would have welcomed to eat myself.

The chicken medallions were quite good and I would certainly order them again. They were moist and cooked to perfection. The papas that accompanied them were also incredible. For once the rice at a Mexican restaurant was not only edible, but also different in a good way and tasty.

The Monterey platter was enormous and presented plenty of leftovers for the next day. My mom loved it. The only downside was the piece of plastic in the guacamole that she encountered. An apparent corner from the guacamole cream the add their avocados to when they make guacamole. Don't get me wrong, the guacamole is delicious. This was brought to managements attention and dealt with immediately and in a very satisfying manner with the apologies of the staff. I only include this bit to show how good the service is. 

The fajita chimi looked good and must have been since my wife wouldn't let me near it.... jokes on her.... I'm attacking her leftovers tonight when she goes to sleep.

The meal itself was very satisfying and delicious.  The service was good and we will definitely return.
Excellent selections on the menu, reasonable prices , and Thursday night Prime Rib melts in your mouth. 
The noise level is somewhat disturbing.
The ambiance in this restaurant is really nice, especially for a Mexican restaurant. I immediately felt it was a good choice by the handsome decor and level of cleanliness.

The chips and salsa were delicious. The chips were the very thin, crispy chips that I love and are hard to find at grocery stores. 

I ordered the lunch enchiladas accompanied by rice and beans, both of which were delicious. The food was a tad salty, but was very good.

My husband ordered the tilapia Vera Cruz and enjoyed it but wasn't blown away. Good blend of seasoning and good portion of veggies, but small portion of tilapia compared to the photo on the menu. The fish and shrimp were cooked very well.

In addition our waitress was very professional and answered all of our questions with good knowledge of the restaurant. One other plus, the food came out piping hot which I usually have a hard time with at restaurants.

Would definitely return.
Wow, is it me or are the front people who first greet customers just making bad names for their employees. Girl at abuelo's when first walk in was the rudest individual..... We didn't want to sit at bar and she took major attitude...... Hope the food is better and the rest of the staff is better!!!!!!!
Not being very familiar with Mexican food, but knowing that many of the ladies in my club enjoy it, I booked Abuelos's.  They have enclosed their patio and it's lovely.  We had the room to ourselves.  Food was delicious. everyone enjoyed their choice.  The service was great......and very pleasant servers.  I initially dealt with the manager and every restaurant should have such a wonderful manager.  It's hard to please 38 ladies........but  not one complaint.
My love and I went here on our date night this week. We were served by Gabriel. He was awesome! He was very attentive and pleasant. We only ordered drinks and an appetizer- Queso Flameado Supremo. It was gross, and I'm saying that politely. It looked like it came straight out of the can. Yuck. Gabriel offered us  four different styles of salsa with our complimentary chips before ordering. All of them scrumptious. Joe and I have both been here before. Although we don't frequent this restaurant I wanted to enjoy the courtyard and good conversation If you request to sit in the "courtyard" with its beautiful blue skies. It reminds me of the shopping district in Vegas.
This place is always busy but I don't get it.   Went here last night for dinner with my parents after not having been here for over a year.   The portions DEFINITELY are smaller.  The food, in my opinion, is very inconsistent.    Sometimes ok, other times awful.   However, the only thing you can count on here is over salted food, warm salsa and chewy beef.   Poor quality con queso, tastes like out of a jar.  A manager came by our table and we asked if they reduced their portion sizes.   He said the  portion sizes have not changed just the size of the tortillas.  You figure that one out.
My fianc and I love Abuelos!! You can get a high quality (non greasy) delicious Mexican dinner for two people for $20! It is reasonably priced, the food is excellent, and the servers go above and beyond to make your dinner a success! We have had numerous party gatherings here and every one of them was great! They also have gluten free options which is AWSOME!
It's a Taco Bell and Pizza Hut Express combo, what more could you really ask for?!
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.  My bassett hound got out of my yard down the street from taco bell and they were very nice to take my business card and let me know if he by chance would show up there...got home after going through the window and sans de bassett, patron saint of speed bumps was wandering up the drive way into my yard....called taco bell to thank them for caring.  And I got a sweet burro to boot!
Horrible!  Dirty, run down, the employees didn't know their butt from.....well you know.  The taco meat had NO flavor. I told the kid behind the counter and he just looked at us with his mouth hanging open and shrugged his shoulders.  There were flies everywhere. The floors were dirty.  Both restrooms were filthy ( and for my husband to say a men's bathroom is bad, it has to be bad). Never, ever have I had such an icky taco bell experience.  Will go back to stoping at Carl's jr or jack in the box on the way thru town.  Icky. Just icky.
We drive 45 min from home to eat here.  It's hands down still the freshest, funnest, most consistent flavors you'll get and well worth the drive!
Yes, you see it correctly, I just gave Chevy's 5 stars.... Why you ask? Well when i lived in Cali we would meet our friends at Chevy's for the awesome happy hour and have some great margaritas. Since coming to Vegas I thought that there was not any Chevys around anywhere. 
We ventured over to the mall and guess what I spy?!?!?! CHEVY'S. 

I think they have great salsa and I really like the nachos.. I am in no way saying that this is "real" Mexican food but it was good and cheap. If I really think about it I am giving this place stars just like how you would give your friends that you have not seen in a long time a high five long before you ask how life has been treating them. So in all reality the food could have been so-so but it was all about the reminiscing.

Anyone want to go get a Margarita... Count me in!
Been here so many times. They have a great Happy Hour and the appetizers are CHEAP! Super great drinks. They have a Birthday club you can join so you get a free dinner for your BDay..you can order the fajita dinner! Such a good deal!
They make fresh tableside guacamole and its very good. I have been sitting at the bar lately..gotta get to know your bartender! 2 margaritas & nachos and this mommy is ready for a nap!
Best place to eat in mall for sure!
Dawn C. and I stop in here sometimes after doing a little shopping at Galleria Mall. I love the $3 tableside guacamole on Sundays. 

Monday-Friday they have happy hour 3 to 7 with $3 drinks and some appetizers are half off. You have to sit in the bar for that but no biggie. 

Entrees are not the most authentic Mexican grub you will find in Las Vegas but it is inexpensive and tasty.
We came here b/c we had a desire to try something new (to us) and we'd never been to Chevy's, close to the house and we had a $5 off coupon from that book you buy for $30. Only $25 left toward making our cash bk from that awesome little deal! 
I went with the Fresh Mex Artichoke Mushroom enchiladas. and I secretly think to myself wow for someone from West TX who loves meat and would really like a shirt like Jessica Simpson's that says "Real Women eat meat" .. I havent been eating meat all that often lately. hmmm. strange. But I also love anything that has poblano & mushroom and artichoke. hmm. win win win. 
I loved it. i was expecting a crappy kind of enchilada but it was actually kinda good. and knowing I was only paying $4.99 b/c of the coupon made it taste just a lil better! The chips here are very thin which I like the salsa is good but a lil to much chunky onions in the salsa. 
I'd def. order this again and picture is posted online with my check in here from last night. 
My bf ordered the taste of Chevy's and he said that I won last night (aka who got the better tasting meal) Nuff said. 
I did however taste a lil bite of the enchiladas and the tamales (offered but not asked for.. he's so precious...) and the tamale was GOOD. everything else was just ok. 
Bottom line, I really liked this dish till I looked up the calories which werent listed on my calorie count application on my phone (android) damn. this was 1120! damn. Good think I dint eat all of it! 
I would have def. ordered this again. or would order it again and just eat half. Very good.
I am not really a mall shopper ... SO.... I do actually go to Chevy's just because it is Chevy's.  
Why?
Let me count the reasons...

1. Salsa and Chips : most people think that you can never go wrong with this combo ... but I have been to restaurants that HAVE. Chevy's is consistent and I love their salsa. It has great flavor and I want to eat it on everything including salad.

2. nachos - I love that they are made individually. Each chip has all ingredients right on it. Perfect little combinations that just go YUM in your mouth.

3. Pineapple-Coconut Margarita... mmmmm get me some of this RIGHT now. This is so tasty and good I get the fishbowl size margarita and I am not a drinker.  Chevy's is one of the only places i make an exception for drinking alchol.

4. Chicken tacos - I am a creature of habit. SO ... I order one of like three dishes at chevy's the chicken tacos are AWESOME . 

5. fajitas - with steak and shrimp combo.  so yummy i don't even have to futher explain it. 

ok it is a short list. .. but they are 5 amazing reasons to bring your munch on!
Lucky me it was happy hour when I arrived at Galleria Mall!! I could use a pre-shopping drink & a snack. Sat at the bar and ordered my favorite fresh fruit strawberry margarita & taquitos. I love the chips & salsa they bring over for you to munch on while you wait. I was going to be a good girl and only have one drink..since they are huge..but the bartender was sweet enough to hook me up with one free. That gets 5 stars! I went about my shopping in a much happier mood thats for sure!!
My journey for delicious Mexican food has finally ended here at Chevy's.  The  food definitely remind me of the great authentic food back in Houston, Texas.
Even though it is quite a distance from where I am currently live, I will definitely make the drive to satisfy my cravings for Mexican food.  Our last visit at this place, there were 4 couples ahead of us, just waiting and waiting.  Seems like two of the couples waited for quite a while so they gave up and left.  After 5 minutes though, we got a table.  Looked like they were shortage of staff.  But o well, one man's loss is another man's gain.  I got to eat the DELICIOUS Mexican food that I have been craving for!!!

Dinner for 2
1.) Chicken Corn Chowder-a very well balanced soup where one can taste both chicken and corn.  Those two flavors work so well together...OMG!!!

2.) Mixed Grill Plate-Beef Fajitas, Shrimp, and Chicken, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo, refried beans, rice, and tortillas.  Oh wait, the best thing is the...TAMALITO :) 
     -TAMALITO-The most delicious thing ever.  Go to Chevy's you must try this awesome corn flour treat.  I ordered another one of this sweet corn tamalito for desser.  It is savory and kinda sweet. Quite honestly, i could have a bowl of these babies and call it dinner!!!!

This was more than enough for 2.  We pretty much stuffed ourselves so none will go to waste!

3.) mango lemonade-yummy yummy yum yum yummy.  I always order this drink.

Food and Service: 4 Stars.
I used to really enjoy Chevy's - especially their chips and salsa!  (And their margaritas were pretty delicious as well!) 

We called ahead to find out what time happy hour ended and they said 7 pm.  So we bolted to the mall and took a seat at one of the high bar tables.

With two bartenders and it not being busy on a Monday night, it took awhile for us to get any attention - no menus, no water, no acknowledgment. 

When we were finally noticed, we asked what the happy hour menu was and he pointed to a flip menu (that the Husband had already grabbed from another table).  It didn't really have the details, so I helped myself to a regular menu.  He then made us feel so rushed putting our order in, especially if we wanted it during the happy hour time.  

After we put our order in, the chips and salsa finally arrived.

* Crispy Chicken Flauntas "Original Salsa Chicken, roasted red peppers, grilled corn and cheeses lightly crisped in flour tortilla.  Served with grilled pineapple salsa and our signature jalapeno jelly." - This was actually pretty disappointing.  I asked for sour cream, and got charged for it.  (They should really let you know.)

* Spicy Wings "Fuego-seasoned chicken wings basted in our smoky BBQ sauce served with ranch dressing." - Again, this was just okay as well.  The Husband definitely has had his share of better wings.

Meanwhile, our chips and salsa had been empty and no one offered to refill it.  Even a manager came by our table and asked how everything was and we said fine.  She didn't even notice that we were lacking chips and salsa.  (Obviously she came by out of habit, but really doesn't pay attention to her customers' needs.)  We also had to ask for refills on water.

And sadly, their chips and salsa aren't even great anymore.  I'm actually preferring Chili's version right now.

Overall, our bartender/waiter was just not good.  He didn't pay any attention to us despite us sitting so close to the bar.  We did notice another table of two getting a lot better customer service from a different bartender/waiter.  He checked on their table often, unlike ours.

It was just not a good experience and the food was just okay.  We probably are in no rush to go back any time soon.

Sidenote: Kids Eat Free on Tuesdays (one free kid meal with purchase of any regular price entree)
A sad day for me, to say the least.  For a solid decade I've considered Chevy's to be one of my absolute favorite places to eat.  Yeah, I'm a white dude who likes the white-washed mexican...so what? its delicious!  The chips and salsa are epic!  So I'm down in Vegas visiting some friends and I suggest we hit up Chevy's for lunch, so we hit up the ONLY Chevy's around which is down at the mall in Henderson across from Sunset Station.  We walk in with 3 adults and 2 kids, both 2 years old.  So of course, they take us off the beaten path and stick us in the back corner so as not to disturb anybody....which is fine and dandy, EXCEPT WHEN THEY FORGET ABOUT YOU!   First round of drinks and chips/salsa was pushing 10 minutes from being seated.  I order an apple juice for my daughter and they're all out.  I then ask for a chocolate milk instead and...you guessed it...they're all out!  My wife asks for a side of lemons for her ice-water.  First the server says they're out, then changes his mind and says they have lemons but no limes.  Well, they never came.  Fast forward about another 45 minutes. Mind you, we've had ZERO drink refills at this point.  Out comes my plate of Chicken Fajitas...that's it.  So we're sitting and waiting another 5 or so minutes and ask where the rest of the food is.  The server apologized and said the flautas took the longest, hence the delay in delivery.  Since when does deep fried food take longer?  Well, I've finally decided I had enough and spoke to the manager.  She was super nice and ended up comping half of our bill and surrounding us with great service for the small remainder of our stay.  She even made it a point to have the server bring out lemons, so of course, he brought a side of limes.  I thought they were out of limes?  When all was said and done, it took nearly 2 hrs to eat here when it wasn't busy AND with 2 fussy toddlers.  This is easily the worst Chevy's experience I've ever had.  I'll stick to the ones in CA!!
ok the highlight of my last visit BESIDES our server Marco... was the most freakingdeliciousawesome pineapple coconut margarita. I can sum it up in one word. 
YUMMY! 
I actually wish I would have had three of those instead of my meal ... but my meal was pretty good also and so I only had ONE.
The Chips were good. 
The fajitas were good. 
But the margarita... phenomenal ... 
I think my next time there will just be a chips and salsa... margarita day...
anyone wanna join me?
Ok, so this is a corporate, run-of-the-mill, family tex-mex restaurant. But sometimes the experience makes the stars. 

I was running around, with my 3 month old in the mall, having a pretty hectic day. So I stopped in for a quick bite to eat. All I had was chips and guacamole (two orders actually) and a margarita to calm my nerves. Now the margarita was mostly sugar so 3 stars at best and the guacamole wasn't too bad, but when the diaper needed changing and the baby needed feeding, the server was cool. After changing, I returned to a table of fresh chips and full water. Baby needed feeding, so he grabbed some hot water with a smile. I think I just got that genuine happiness that is tough to come by in restaurants, especially a customer with a stroller and a baby. So, because of the great attitude I got I had to give this place a five star rating.
Just now getting to this review from this place I went to couple months back.  Note: Not really big fan of Fresh Mex /Tex Mex cuisine to begin with.  Anyways the last time I ate at a Chevys was years ago when I was in Cali for Happy Hour. Even then it  reminded me of frozen Mexi dinners. I ended up here  because it was the only restaurant that wasn't as busy unlike the mall food court which was full and so was other restaurant that was across this place.  

I was greeted  & seated right away but it took about 10 minutes before a server showed up at my table to take my drink order.  My drink from the bar showed up in no time, but not my waiter...where the heck was she??  The place was not busy at all, especially the tables in her area (there were 3 other tables) I waited another FIFTEEN minutes and was thinking of taking off and just paying for my drink when she showed up finally.  Well  it took another 15 minutes from when she took my order till the food was dropped on my table...literally.  Server mumbled the order plopped it on my table and dashed off pretty much.  I took a double take on what was just served and Im saying to myself, "Un effin believable, what's that on my plate??" You know picture happy me took a pic and posted it on my other social media page and even my friends commented and had the same reaction as I did.  

The presentation was the worse Ive ever seen, looked like a mish mash  of....food I guess, just thrown together at the last minute.  To be fair, it was edible and the flavors of the sherry chipotle sauce complemented the Shrimp Tomatillo dish.  Well now I remember why I avoid Chevys, the  food is nothing to write home  about and neither is the service apparently.   Thank goodness for my margarita, now that was good!  It saved that dinner experience.  No wonder why my friends that go here have drinks first.  You cant be sober eating the food here. I gave an additional star only because of the drink.
Two issues: The El Machino tortilla station was devoid of people and the salsa was way spicier than I recall in any CA Chevy's. It was so spicy that this white boy was sweating through the cheap paper napkins (5) that this place provides. Another free birthday meal and chicken fajitas were the choice. Chicken was sliced too thin,  but had no trace of the promised spices and chilies. It was just grilled chicken with plenty of onions and peppers and the usual condiments. Still, a solid safe choice for a chain, but not sure why every waiter in the bar was gay. Nothing wrong with that, but both my waiter and my chip and salsa guy were on the other team and that was a bit unusual. Also, I know it's a Mexican chain, but we are in America and nobody really needs to listen to full-on Mexican tunes during dinner. IF i want the full experience, I will just go the east side of Vegas and find some taco joint with bars on the windows.
The last 2 times I've been to Chevys has been very disappointing. Chevys has been my favorite restaurant for the past 4 years and lateley the food is not that great anymore. 
I always order the chicken fajitas and my son orders the mixed grill and lately the meat is dry and tough, does not have the flavor it used to, and they are skimping on the veggies and meat while they are now charging $3 to $4 more for the same meal than they used to. Also they have changed the kids menu and it's crappy compared to what it used to be. The flautas are gone which were my daughters favorite. No longer my favorite restaurant. No longer willing to pay $17.99 for mixed grill and $14.99 for chicken fajitas that are just so so.
We've been here twice now.  Both times my wife ordered pork and cheese enchiladas and I ordered the steak tacos.  Both were perfectly seasoned, perfectly done, fresh and delicious.  Excellent, fresh, high-quality ingredients!

I think this place gets a bad rap because it's a chain in a mall.  Despite that, this is excellent food! 

The salsa is the best we've ever had and the chips come out warm.  The salsa is incredible!  It's fresh and has delicious smoked peppers.  My wife doesn't even usually eat salsa, but neither of us can stop eating it.

Also, this is probably the only place I've been that gets the black beans right.  I love black beans and prefer them to pinto beans when I can get them done right, but most places undercook them; a lot of places just don't seem to understand that black beans take longer to cook than regular pinto beans.  Here, they are properly cooked.

I've had mixed experiences with the margaritas.  The first time they were perfect, but the second time they had too much ice and tasted watery.  As a former bartender at a locals joint in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where I made probably 200-300 frozen margaritas a night, I can tell you that the secret to a good margarita is all in the sour mix -- It has to be right, be fresh, and in the right proportion.  Few places get frozen margaritas right consistently, so I can forgive Chevy's getting it wrong one time.  When it comes to margaritas, forget all the hooey about fancy tequila brands, it's all about the quality of the sour mix and proper proportioning.

Service at Chevys has been decent.  Usually pretty young, inexperienced kids, but nice enough.  The experience is a little mall-ish, with kids and young military couples, but the food makes up for it.  

Really, it's the only good reason we have to go to the mall!
They don't skimp on the chips and salsa, they keep it coming. I ordered a combo with a desert. The taco, was good, the enchilada, was ok. I loved the rice and beans! That fried ice cream stuff......They can keep it. 
My husband got a combo as well, but he also got that thing called a tamale! What the heck is the mushy stuff? It was horrible! I think I will just stick to the taco rice and beans next time.
Been to this location three times and haven't had any significant problems so far. Chevy's has the best chips and salsa i've ever tasted and the food is delicious. Only complaint is that the restrooms don't have sensored towel dispensers. Not cool man.
My mother loves this place.  She's 71.  'Nuff said.  But seriously, this place is okay.  I don't mind eating here when my mother asks me for it, but I highly doubt I would come here of my own free will.  Although the food is okay, it's not something I'll crave on a regular basis.  Still, good eats with mama is always nice.

When we eat here my mother raves about their chile relleno.  I'm more in to the whole fresh chips and salsa (which is free) with an order of queso fundido.  I also stick to the pork tacos with their hot salsa.  That's always fine.

Not bad for an uber-Mexican themed restaurant.
BEST SALSA + CHIPS in Vegas and CHIPS anywhere I have been in the world. I usually make myself sick on chips + salsa because they are addicting. Their chips are the thinnest you will ever try.
Now the food............. Basically edible but not bad but not good barely too enjoyable.
I have been here 40+ times for chips + salsa and have tried the entire menu for the most part. 
There is a fajita salad which is not bad if you hold the dressing and just put more SALSA on it, The other thing which is a good value and pretty tasty is the mixed grill fajitas. And the Corn Cake appetizer. I advise do not try anything else besides these items unless you want to be disappointed. But the chips + salsa make up for everything.
I had been here once before years ago so this was like my first trip. I received some great coupons in the mail and decided to try it out with my babe. Atmosphere was great! We both got the E-3 (not valid with the coupon but still a great price at $11.99) deal which is the appetizer, Entree and dessert. I started the meal with their homemade Tortilla soup which was delish! Second course was their mini chicken fajita dinner with rice and beans which wasn't all that mini in my opinion. Topped it off with a mini fried ice cream which was amazing and again not all that mini. The tortillas that came with the fajitas were made fresh and hot right there so that was a HUGE plus and the never ending chips and salsa didn't hurt either. I will definitely be back. We paid less than $40 for two three course meals, drinks and the tip for the amazing food and excellent service!
Food was good but service was poor. Management needs to hire better service people, I been here twices thinking the first time I got unlucky with the server but that is what you get everytime you go here.
Or 
Maybe the need a new MANAGER.

Also is very expense.
I love their chips and salsa.
I used to really like their food. I pretty much always get the same thing...Crispy Chicken taco and Chicken Flautas combo with black beans. Well I think they changed their recipes...the black beans were still good but were very soupy and the flautas were very bland, the taco was okay. The corn cake you get with your entree is still delish. My husband got a 3 course combo, the soup was bland...we kept adding hot sauce. I didn't taste his meal, he said it was okay but was missing spices. His combo came with a dessert, we got the fried ice cream...it was small and just mehh. 
Staff is always great. They occasionally forget something we ordered but they make up for it.  I'll def go back for my beloved chips and salsa...another meal is still in the cards. Stay tuned...
Been back a couple times since last review.  Margaritas were perfect both times.  Watermelon margaritas are unstoppable!  Chile relleno was a little bland and soupy, but the rest of the menu was terrific as usual.
Oh Chevys, how I have missed you since your departure from the shores of north lake, Woodbridge in irvine, ca. But here you are again, of all places, galleria mall in Henderson. 

Why is Chevys so awesome? First, the chips. They're fried from really thin pieces of tortilla making them extra crispy and light tasting. Next, they have great, fresh salsa, complimentary with the chips. I love their crispy shell tacos, although I wish they had a shredded beef option instead of their ground beef. You can get a combo plate for less than 15 bucks and it comes with your choice of enchilada, chile relleno, or even another taco (my choice). The plate also has sides of sweet corn cake, beans, and rice. 

They also have a seasonal lemonade, my favorite has been the watermelon. I have tried their flan and fried ice cream, both very delicious as well.

The service is usually good, however I have had one moron tell me I couldn't get a booth because the section was closed - it was full and had a couple servers walking through it. 

It's great for kids, as I can speak from my own childhood in Irvine, and you are definitely depriving them if you don't take them here. They'll even do a birthday song for you and I think some small dessert.

I don't believe I have seen any souvenir Chevy's bucket sombreros that I recall from a while back, wtf?
Best tacos in vegas area! Their little scoop of sweet corn masa (OR WHATEVER IT IS..LOL) is amazing and addicting. Always great service and never a bad bite.
Ack, a trip to the mall at the opposite end of town from where I live.  Ok, here we go.

At first we were supposed to eat at Red Robin which was crazy busy.  The "Two Kids Eat Free w/One Adult Entree" caught my eye at this place and goody goody, there was no line.  It was a beautiful 70 degrees outside so we decided to eat on their patio.  I love to dine outside.  It's a little luxury of mine and makes feel like l'm in a cafe in a foreign country.  We were seated within 5 minutes.  The patio was nicely decorated with plants, vines and flowers.  We had little finches hopping around here and there.  

The food was good, not great, but good.  The chips and salsa, however, were excellent.  I think the salsa was my favorite part of my entire meal.  (Good salsa is hard to come by.)  I believe they must roast their tomatoes because it had that smokey flavor to it and some charred pieces.  

We ordered:
The Laredo--soft/crunchy chicken taco, chicken tamale, chicken enchilada, beef enchilada.  (I went with the soft chicken taco.)  It came with a side of some sweet corn ball of something (I can't remember what it's called, obviously).  Everything was ok.  I enjoyed the soft chicken taco best.
Nachos (5 pieces)--half chicken and half steak.  Hubby and kid liked it.
Kids meal--one crunchy and one soft chicken taco with a side of grilled veggies and fresh fruit.  The kids preferred the soft taco and ate all their veggies and fruit.

The kid's meal comes with desert, ice cream or jello.  I had a taste of the ice cream and wished my meal came with it.  (Does being a kid at heart count?)  The cone was like a deep fried tortilla or something with cinnamon sprinkled on it topped with vanilla.  I usually don't care for vanilla (a bit too boring/bland for my taste).  But they put magic into this one!  It was so good.

The kids meal options also had beans and cheese burritos, hamburgers and chicken fingers, I think, with your choice of 2 sides (fresh fruit, grilled veggies, french fries, and that sweet corn thingy).

And true to their word, the kids ate for free.  

I would definitely come back here when I venture down to this mall, if not to eat a meal, then at least for the chips and salsa!
I love this place!! Really good food and great service. Every time we are in Vegas we make the drive to Henderson and eat at Chevy's!
Great salsa & chips and many specials which change often. Happy Hour prices are awesome and include flavored margaritas. Food quality and service vary, and the atmosphere can be festive. Try the seafood enchilada and fish tacos. 
Great spot for taking a break from shopping!
Happy Hour has been expanded to 2-8 every day. Call to confirm.
Hmmm . . . The quality seems to be diminishing at Chevy's.  Can't exactly describe it, but the "Fresh Mex" just hasn't seemed as fresh lately.  Too bad, as they used to be terrific.  Hard to describe what exactly it was.  Seemed like the beans were a little older, like they'd been overnight in the fridge.  The meat was a little drier and bouncier than it used to be.  The food just didn't taste as . . . well . . .. "fresh" as it used to.

Even their formerly amazing salsa had a bitter aftertaste that it didn't used to have.

Worst of all, last two times we stopped in they'd stopped making watermelon margaritas for the season.  

They're still pretty good, but we really hope they'll get back to the food quality they had last spring.  Chevy's used to be one of our favorite feeds, but if Chevy's doesn't  get their act together pretty quick we may have to give up on 'em and move on.
I think Chevy's is undergoing a revamp. New menu's, new menu items, etc. Thankfully they didn't touch their chips and salsa which I am such a fan of.
The food was much better than the last time I was there. And the prices haven't changed much. I got my usual 2 item combo with a Crispy Chicken Taco and Chicken Flautas. Doug got the Steak Fajitas. Both of our entrees were delicious. Our cute waitress was friendly and helpful. The manager was sure to greet us as well and ensure we were having a good experience.
I belong to their birthday club, so I had a coupon for a free entree. After our meal they surprised me with a song, yummy dessert sundae, and an awesome sombrero. I could feel myself blush but it was great, I haven't had a birthday song in a restaurant for years.
So here's the breakdown:

Service: Average. We sat with empty drinks and an empty chip basket for longer than I'd like. 

Food: I had fish tacos (I get them at so many places that I can get a feel for a place just from the tacos!). The tacos were large and filled with tasty things. The fish was salmon, which I've never encountered in a fish taco before, but it was good. Rice and black beans were tasty. This probably would have gotten another star had it not been for Boyfriend's food. He got the "Grande Chimichanga". First off, not so grande. His words: "it was a greasy tortilla filled with badly seasoned ground beef." He said he would have been better off at Taco Bell. Ouch. Now, never in the 5+ years of our relationship have I seen him stop eating a meal before he was full. Today, that changed. He left probably a quarter of the chimichanga on the plate; he said it was just too bad to finish. Frankly, I'm still a bit shocked. 

The lesson: "You're better off at Taco Bell."
For a "chain" mex joint the food is good.  We only sit at the bar so our service is great.  Draft Dos XX  is always welcomed and the fresh tortilla's are great.
Talk about a Mexican Fiesta!  This was a great place to quench our thirst after a couple of hours of shopping.  That's exactly what we did yesterday.  

The place is located in the Galleria mall, although there is an entrance/exit and outside seating that could be accessed independently and not by going into the mall first.  

When we entered to get seated, we asked the first desk representative if they had a happy hour and she said only on Tuesdays.  C'MON!  They gotta step up their game.  Who has a happy hour ONLY on one day a week.  That's no bueno, but definitely didn't stop us.  

The place was literally a Mexican cantina.  Bright colors everywhere, wood finishes, sombreros, and other Latin decor.  I felt as if we were taken to the streets of Cabo San Lucas.  Our server was very nice, but was super slow.  Didn't necessarily drink our table right away, but did bring a lot of chips and salsa throughout our visit, which made up for it.  

Today we got a couple of rounds of Coronas, Cadillac Marguaritas and a plate of the Original Fajita Nachos.  They all came to about $37 minus the tip.  The Coronas obviously tasted like Coronas and although I didn't try the Margs, it looked really refreshing.  The Fajita Nachos were bomb!  Each chip came with chicken (you can always choose steak instead) and melted jack cheese.  There was about 20-25 topped chips around a huge platter.  In the middle of the platter there was guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and a few slices of jalapenos. The combination was great.  The chicken was seasoned nicely and I loved how they prepared each chip and made them ready for the other toppings.  Super convenient and very flavorful

Definitely a place you've got to visit at one point.  The food is good and the service is good.  After a day of shopping, come by and check these guys out.
Well, we were trying to find "cheese dip" in Vegas.  Some kind of Tex-Mex.  We found it.  Let me tell you, that was the best thing about this place.  The cheese dip was actually pretty good and a very ample serving.  Chips were thin, crispy and not too salty.  We really liked it until the entrees came.  Ugh!!  Pork tamales tasted like they dropped the salt shaker in them.  Pork taco was cold and pretty light on the meat.  The cheese enchiladas were, um, cheesy.  That's about it.  Not much taste at all.  Refried beans were smoky and not horrible.  But the rice, was the worst Mexican/Spanish rice I have ever put in my mouth.  Terrible!!  The only reason this place doesn't get one star is because our server, Boone, was awesome.  It's not his fault the food stank.  I would not go there again, unless I was just wanting cheese dip and no entrees.  If you're looking for Mexican OR Tex-Mex, you can do a LOT better.
Food was cold service sucked
absolutely in love with their crab and shrimp enchilada, creamy and spicy! their salsa and chips are very good as well. I also had their mango lemonade which was more sweet than... sour lemonade tasting. Which isn't a bad thing to me.
Most forgetful server ever! It must have been his first night ever.... he forgot the extra plate, the extra side, chips n salsa, and most bothersome....... our drinks!!!!!! We were eating our meals and our drinks had still not arrived. And our food was spicy so we were in dire need of a drink.... then at the end he brings the bill and forgets to add the coupon we already gave him.
Ate lunch there yesterday.  Prices are out of sight for this ole Texas boy.  Back home lunch usually costs us about $15 and we can hardly walk from being so full.  Here the bill was $27 and only one of us had a coke with lunch.   Meat was tough and had no favor what so ever.  Wife's platter was a little better but not up to Texas standards.
If you're going to call yourself a "Tex-Mex" resturant you ought to know about real Tex-Mex food.  Service wasn't up to standard either.  Had to ask for more chips and salsa and didn't get a two coke until he delivered the bill.  He had walked past our table more than twice while my glass was empty.  I will stay home next time I'm in the mood for Tex-Mex and make it myself.
Guacamole is made at the table half assed server is rushed and unpleasant. If  I wanted shitty guacamole I could of made it at home for alot cheaper very disappointed I will never go back and it was super expensive for shitty guacamole
I have always loved Chevy's, they have THE BEST fresh tortillas! I usually order the Chicken Fajitas and have never been disappointed. This location is no different. I sat in the bar today and had great service during a busy Saturday lunch. I live over in Summerlin so this isn't the most convenient location, but it's the only one in the valley and it's worth the trip.
This was the only Chevy's in the state of Nevada located in the Galleria Mall in Henderson.  I haven't been to a Chevy's in over 5 years because they haven't been around where I have lived.

We went for Happy Hour in the Cantina.  The appetizers were discounted, but not cheap.  We started with the $3.99 Margaritas.

Then we ordered the Original Fajita Nachos and the Border Wings.  The appetizers came within minutes of each other.

The Original Fajita Nachos were individual tortilla chips with a layer of refried beans topped with chopped steak and cheddar.  There was also a side of guacamole and sour cream.  They were so good that we ordered another one.

We ordered the spicy wing sauce on the side on the Border Wings.  There were 10 crisp wings served with a side of Ranch.

I asked the server if I could use a Military discount for Happy Hour.  He asked the manager and gave us the discount.  

We will be back.
We went on a Sunday afternoon for appetizers and margaritas. The food was great, the margaritas were expensive but yummy. Our waiter was very fast and friendly! And best of all, free chips and salsa!
Really good guacamole, citrus kicked taco good. Highly recommend the coconut pineapple margarita.
Food was great. Salsa was really good. The only thing I didn't care much for is their prices. I think they should be a tad lower. The service was decent, but our waiter could have been a little more attentive. He was nice, though.
Chips and salsa are always great, staff is friendly, coupons are always coming through my email, margaritas are delicious.
Just got a free entree coupon for my kiddo's half-birthday. Seriously? Who else celebrates your half-birthday?? Join their Compadres Club and reap the same rewards. Now we have another good (enough) reason to go have a margarita. Thanks Chevy's!
The three stars is due to the wait, 20 minutes on a Monday night at 730? I don't think so. And they only had a tiny portion of the restaurant open so there were tables everywhere that couldve been filled. 

Most of the staff, while friendly, made apparent how much they hated their jobs. The manager ran around picking up and cleaning in a frenzy, everyone else rolling their eyes as they went. But SUPER friendly when talking with you. So I commend this place for the friendly service. 

For food I got the fajita nachos. Very very good. Individual nachos are made so that you're definitely getting your money's worth on each chip. They skimped bad on the spur cream and it took 10 minutes to get a side of sour cream so the second half of my nachos were cold by the time it came around. 

Dessert-- ordered fried ice cream. 5 minutes later, queue waitress not holding my fried ice cream but instead informing us they "ran out".... Uh what? 

Nice staff, pretty good food. but not prepared for even twenty customers total at one time... Not cool.
Poor customer service. Sat at our table for an hour waiting for our order. Ended up getting up and leaving. The manager didnt even apologize when I told him we were leaving. I handed him a $5 bill for the softdrinks I had ordered... I was surprised he actually took the money! It was an opportunity for him to make it up to an unsatisfied customer and he dropped the ball. Too bad because I really like their shrimp fajitas! I definitely will not go back and will make sure everyone I know does not go there!
We came for my friend's free birthday entree.  She had a printed coupon from the internet.  We sat in the Cantina so my other friend and I could order from the Happy Hour menu.

We ordered my favorite Original Fajita Nachos and tried the Crispy Chicken Flauta Rolls.  My friend really liked the Crispy Flauta Rolls.  They were crisp and flaky served with a jalapeo jelly.  I just wish we had asked for the appetizers to come about 10-15 minutes apart.

My friend wore the traditional birthday sombrero and had "Happy Birthday" sung to her by the staff and got a complimentary scoop of vanilla ice cream in a fried cinnamon tortilla bowl.

We will be back if we are in the area.
My family of six and I celebrated a grandson's birthday and Chevys was his choice for tonight's dinner. Everything was perfect,  the food was great, came out of the kitchen hot and fresh.  Maria, our waitress stayed with us and made sure that we were well taken care of. I love this place.!  They have to best chips and salsa anywhere.
This place is highly underrated. Only location in LV. The service is consistently good and for people watching I give it an A++. 
Have a  free meal in your b-day or if you're holiday shopping and need a cool drink have a "Cadillac" margarita.
Lacking customer service and the kids menu, is quite sad. 
Bar service was very good, but the time I went there were only 3 people, so as expected. 
I have gone several times because of the location. Every time is just average. When you get the bill and say really? It's not the best dining experience.
I agree that this place is underrated. it is in Henderson inside of a mall but don't get it twisted this place has some of the best Mexican food around. They make you fresh tortillas and I also love their chips. today we had the mix grill fajita plate and oh mahi goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly. Usually food of this cuisine tend to over cook  the seafood and steak items. A+ 

I ordered a drink but the waitress totally forgot about it and it was way to sweet. Only reason for 4 stars
I am disappointed after tonight. 

We were seated quickly, the place was not busy.

My guy asks what kinds of Tequila they have (he hasn't been here) and the waitress snottily says,

 "We're a Mexican restaurant, reallyyyyy...?"

RUDE. You couldn't have told him a few of your best sellers, or any recommendations? 

Our waitress took our (alcoholic) drink order, but didn't come back with any waters. We were then approached by 2 separate servers trying to take our drink/food order. 

A few weeks ago, I was here with a girlfriend (DEC 27,2013). Their fresh fish tacos are done with Tilapia (gross to me) and last time I was able to switch it out with their Mahi.

By the time our waitress got us our drinks from the bar, we had gotten our waters. We asked our original waitress for lemon slices when she was ready for our food order.

I asked for the fish tacos, with the Mahi. She said that there might be a up-charge (there wasn't last time) but I told her that was fine. I didn't recall what my guy had, but it was a combination plate with floutas, a Chile rellaneno (I know I am completely butchering this spelling wise, sorry) and a chimmechanga.

After taking our orders, and our menus, the waitress comes from the back and tells me that her "manager said no to the Mahi." I grabbed another menu and ordered the Mesquite chicken tacos.

Still no lemon wedges. She walks around the restaurant. We ask another waiter, who Finishes cleaning a few tables, putting dishes away, and still gets us our lemons before she does. Ugh.

Our food comes, and it's good. I prefer their kickin chicken tacos, but those were discontinued, I guess. We asked for some sour cream, which they will charge you $1.30 for. Annoying, but whatever.

While we were eating, we saw the manager walking around, and usually, a manager will ALWAYS at least greet us and ask how our food was. This guy didn't.... Our waitress had no problem just kind of yanking our plates out of the way. It must have been a bad night for her.

Meh. It makes me sad to write this review. Food was good, but service and management are not on the same length.
My favorite part of Chevy's is the chips and salsa, which is why I am giving this 3 stars.  The Chips and Salsa are very good.  Chips almost always come out hot and fresh, and the salsa has a very good flavor to it.  I love salsa though, and it always bugs me when these places bring you a bowl of chips and a little tiny bowl of salsa which is what happens at Chevy's.  I get about 10 chips in, and already need more salsa.  The food is 'OK' here.  I don't think I have ever had a bad experience, but at the same time I have gotten the same foods several other places that were better.  The simple cheese enchiladas just don't have the same great flavor I wish them to have, the enchilada sauce is a little plain, or they don't put enough on it.  Burritos are pretty huge, but I honestly have not tried one myself.  Others I have eaten with ordered burritos and said they were good, but until I have one, I cannot say for sure.  Prices are a bit spendy here too.  I think most combination plates are about 10% higher than they should be.  They try to make it look like it's worth the cost by bringing your food out on this huge plate, but really most of the plate is filled with decoration and empty space is left all over.  If you like to drink, they have a good selection of beers, wines, margaritas or whatever, but since I do not drink I cannot comment on the quality or price.  This location is in the MALL, so it can be convenient if shopping in the area, but can also cause the place to be louder if that is something that would bother people.  If I have the option, I will save my money and go to El Torito instead.
WOW, for a happy hour this place is amazing.  From 3pm to 7pm, you would think, THIS PLACE REALLY????

The staff in the bar area are amazing.  The level of customer service you get from them makes you feel like you are in a 5 STAR restaurant.  The drinks, the appetizers are so good and reasonable for the price they charge, you will not find a better place in the valley then this place.

We have been here a few times to eat without enjoying the happy hour and the food was good.  We only had one bad experience with a manager there when we wanted to order something we were paying for and asking for it to be made the way we desired.  

I would HIGHLY recommend this place for anytime, but if you have the opportunity to come here for Happy Hour, take advantage of the opportunity and enjoy.
Good food, HORRIBLE service. 
You can get both in other places...
I had the fajita combo and found it to be better than I was expecting.  The ingredients were fresh and hot off the grill.  Our first waitress was great! We had a 2 year old with us and he was being kinda fussy so without asking she brought him some things to color.  Then her shift must have ended because it seemed like we were forgotten about with our drinks not being refilled and the check taking forever so when you go don't be in a hurry.
Food was good. Nothing special. On the same level as chilis. We were at the mall so figured we'd eat. Expectations were low because we didn't plan on an exceptional meal, but the food met expectations. The service was awesome and timely.
Chimi had ground beef instead of shredded beef, crab quesadilla had no flavor, corn and Mac and cheese floating at the bottom of my water glass.  Told manager and he wanted to argue about how the beef was high quality and tastes good.  no apology, no offer to compensate, nothing.  Came here for my birthday dinner, crappy way to end my day.
Love the flautas, chips and salsa which we can never get enough of, and the rice and beans are delicious :) you can share the combo platter between 2-5 different items between 2 people for about $20. A staple Mexican restaurant.
Got food poisoning from this particular Taco Bell.  : (  Will never eat Taco Bell again.  I don't care how late you're open OR how much I've had to drink...it's not worth it.   If you're looking for great Mexican food...go up the street to Fausto's or Roberto's.
Yeah, I got food poisoning from this Taco Bell once, too, but hey -- it wasn't that bad. I still freakin' LOVE Taco Bell and will go back countless more times (and I already have since then). They never seem daunted by my odd special requests, and let's face it: Even though I enjoy my fair share of fine dining & ultra-hip restaurants, there are just some times where all you really want is some take-home Taco Bell (yes, even sober).

...(and, yes, I mainly gave it 5 stars to counteract the last reviewer's 1 star. It's freakin Taco Bell, man, not Mundo.)
I eat here embarassingly often. I'm talking 5-10x a year or more ! .. I'd like to say I'm drunk everytime I eat here, but like Veronica I eat here sober as well! I haven't gotten food poisoning from Taco Bell and they haven't screwed up my order very many times either. I always do the drive through, but so far so good ! The Beefy Cheesy Burrito for .99 with the rice and sour cream they are serving right now is my kryptonite. Damn you Taco Bell and your cheap crave-worthy eats.
food was great....as far as food poisoning...non existent....but bring it on....always love taco bell...even though i make the exact same thing at home...all the way down to meat texture...ill still go there when im not in the mood to duplicate the recipe...:)   still love the place though
Good taco bell, an I love my taco bell. I almost always have me a couple of chicken burritos. was clean and fast and food seemed fresh. Good amount of chicken in my burritos as apposed to some locations that fill with rice and add a little chicken.
Who the taco hell goes to this place. I would rather eat cardboard than this cheap crap. Does anyone over 30 eat at fast food restaurants?  Yuk disgusting and have fun cleaning your toilet after this meal.
Super friendly and fast. What else do we need to say? Head for this border, they'll take care of you!
A sentimental favorite, not only for the chicken ranch sandwich (crispy breaded chicken breast w/tangy wing sauce, cool Ranch dressing, lettuce & tomato), but also because at 16, I met my first Pinoy boyfriend here (he was the busboy).

It didn't last, obviously, but I'll always look back on that moment fondly. You know, before he dumped me on my birthday and asked for his jacket back.
still cookin when it arrives at the table!!!

i ordered the cyo (choose your own) fajitas
mixed grill(chicken,steak & shrimp(lime)) with choice of toppers
i had bell peppers & onions-portabello mushrooms & jalapenos

nice & clean, almost all boothes, lots of room in the bar, need a few more tv's & some music-a little quiet for such a busy place
super friendly, very helpful in ordering & on top of the refills!!! what more could you ask!! 
lets start with the chips-fresh & hot-thin & crispy and the salsa was hot & tasty!!! the fajitas were as good as they looked. the portabello was delicious!! the guacamole was so fresh you could taste all the cilantro & lime and spicy jalapeno!!! the soup was so cheesy if you added macaroni & baked it you'd have casserole!! yummy!! the salad was fresh & crispy with fresh tomatoes & real 1000 island.. the grilled shrimp were cooked perfectly and were plump & limey!! no complaints
superb service & food. the atmosphere was a little tame for las vegas standards. but if you want a nice sunday after church spot chili's is nice. food is tops -everything coming out looked great
SO SO sad..............without warning this location is NOW CLOSED.
I love Chili's Bar & Grill. Try the new Shinerbok burger, its the best!
My mainstay of food has changed drastically within the last month or two my food intake has relied mainly on take out of my favorites and fast food.  If I do review fast food it is not the food I am reviewing because there is a standard of quality that must be maintained or the standard of the fast food chain will be compromised however that changes within the management of each chain.  

Whew with that said, The quality of every meal I get here is excellent as far as fast food goes.  However the quality of customer service goes above and beyond.  They are super nice in the speaker always polite and the order is also correct as well as the side/sauces!  I am always happy and happy to be happy in the speaker and at the window to the employees because they are so nice!

I will continue to eat here because I have never had a problem and the employees are so extremely NICE whats up?! Thank you...
With 580 calories (per tacobell.com) and at ~5 USD for a steak Cantina bowl, this bowl consisted of a bit of romaine lettuce sitting on top of rice, bean, corn and very sad looking brown pieces of steak dressed in an avocado tomatillo dressing. You are MUCH better off going a little farther down the road to Chipotle and get a steak bowl there, with ~650 calories and a dollar more, you'd get much fresher ingredients and deliciousness. I wouldn't recommend Taco Bell's Cantina bowl to anyone who has any bud tastes at all.
Unimpressed. Service was bad, the manager couldn't speak English. He didn't know what he was doing and after a 15 minute transaction his employees had to fix the payment problem that he couldn't. I will never go to this one ever again!
Now that I live in a proper city, I no longer eat at places like Chili's. But that doesn't mean I don't still have a bit of fondness in my heart for the big C. 

Besides how can you beat the chicken ranch sandwich (crispy breaded chicken breast w/tangy wing sauce, cool Ranch dressing, lettuce & tomato) served with a side of homestyle fries?
Used to love going to Chili's in the past.  And when I was low on cash, I worked part time at this one.  Slang plates and collected some dough.  Thanks for the tips everyone (10 years ago).
I ordered the steak fajitas for the first time and it was actually really good..Tastey marinade..probably the second best fajitas ive had since ive been to washington dc. then i ended it with a red velvet cake shot..they were only 1.99 mmm
Somehow they screwed this one up form the getgo
No hostess to take out name down, when she did come around it was to seat a waiting party, strike 1 their table wasnt ready so she had to help clear it off, leaving me standing up front with a family confused and other people unable to navigate around us.
Not that bad yet!
Checked out their 2 for 20 menu, even with having low expectations about it my girlfriend and i skipped it and went for the main menu. I haven't been to a chili's in years and couldnt figure out the stupid ass menu. Honestly, very few pictures and some entrees had 0 description in one area, listed again on another page or in the little side menu planted on the tables. Given ample time I perhaps could have made an educated choice but our waitress was rushing/borderline harassing us.
As soon as we sat down she asked if we were ready to order, BEFORE getting our drinks, really? Who does that...
She came around 3 times in the next 5 minutes and asked "Have you decided yet? -- Did you guys pick on something? -- Know what you want now?"

Um. If customers have their noses planted in the menu and they arent looking up at all, NO THEYRE NOT READY

As a result I ordered a classic, cheese steak, cant screw that up right?
Sigh...
0 taste for anything but the peppers, BARELY. I didnt notice the onions at all which is really sad, the cheese was gross :( and their fries are exactly the same as jack in the box regular fries.... wow ruined my whole day and i WONT be returning to ANY chilis again for years.
I dont want to rant anymore, but chilis now ranks under applebees which has been going downhill too
We went to this location a few years ago on our last Vegas trip, and we happened to go back this time for lunch on a Monday. The food is much cheaper than any Strip restaurant, and I remember hearing that the ingredients and recipe are consistent between restaurants.

Chili's has good food. I don't remember what exactly we ordered last time, but it was tasty. This time, I had the turkey sandwich, which was complemented by honey mustard and sweetened bacon. If you don't like foods that taste too sugary, I guess you might find this distracting. Personally, I loved it.

Another person had the pulled pork sandwich. I sampled some of the meat and sauce. Both were excellent, imo. The meat was tender and the sauce was sweet (again) with a bit of a spicy kick. I actually started dipping fries in the sauce later on because I couldn't stand to waste it.

Two good experiences here, so I'm giving it four stars on the Yelp scale of stars.
My husband and I love going to Chilis anytime we are looking to relax and have fun. The service is always fast and friendly. We love to get the free chips and salsa at happy hour. They are better than a mexican restaurant! The perfect accompianment is a Presidente Margarita (or two)!! Again, better than a mexican restaurant. For dinner, we stick to our favorites, a bowl of chicken enchilada or tortilla soup, quesadilla explosion salad, and their famous baby back ribs! We leave Chilis with a full tummy, a full wallet, and a smile on our faces!
Wow just WOW.

Typically we avod these chains like the plague cause they over priced, the service is horrible and you leave feeling bloated, broke and unsatisfied.

NOT TRUE HERE!

I think we saw 4 or 5 servers during our dinner, bringing different items including our meal. They were so nice and attentive but not up our grill. It was like they telepathically knew when I needed a new drink as I was thinking it. Totally chill with our lil one to. 
The food was cooked perfectly. I actually ate an entire big mouth burger, the avacado burger. My wife had the sirloin steak, with the most amazing orgasm in your mouth loaded taters! 

Yes...I said...taters.. lol

Fast service, friendly servers, good food... not much more to ask for!

Ohh and Lee, he made baloon animals for the kids made lucy a pink poodle. He was friendlty and we felt bad for not having stripper cash (ones) to give him.

Anyways go forth and enjoy!
one of my absolute favorites. I came here for my 1st date in 2008 and I've been going back ever since. They have the best mid-class baby back ribs, hands down.They also have the best chipotle honey chicken fingers i love them they're great and crispy. I love it here, it's comfortable, great business, and nice waiters. Be sure to TIP!
Hmm...sadly, not enough menu... :( ... Margarita would've been awesome, till I found a "Fruit Fly" in my drink...hmm... other than that, staff were great and great location...
So your family is in town and they do not approve of anything "Fixe."  You are pretty sure you think that they think that means you are doing "the drugs."  You are going to Chili's, pal.  That's what these guys are here for -- a place everyone can nod at while you eat your fries and listen to how Aunt Ethel's goiter is doing.

The good thing about Chili's is that everything is very well-priced;  three people can get entrees and a giant starter for $40.  Good thing your Uncle who doesn't know you always sends you these gift cards for Chili's!   Perhaps he always knew you needed them;  because as you're there on these holiday eats,  nodding about Ethel's thyroid problems, you know that you certainly didn't want to directly pay for this to happen to you.

Did I mention there's a person whose sole job is to make balloon animal hats?  And that they are actually very attentive with drink refills?  Instant extra star.
Delicious food + great staff = happy customer. I would definitely recommend this Chili's location to anyone in LV. This location is about 20 min from my house, but I have no problem traveling there just for the friendly staff. A+++++ from me!
Typical Chili's food.
Great staff! We had Dannielle and Erica they were amazing!!!!! Thanks girls for being friendly! Food was great as well!
Came here with my husband for our anniversary.

Def wasn't our first choice. After dropping off our month and a half infant at the babysitter it left us with little time, worst part was we had made reservations at a place across town. Thinking on our feet we settled for outback which was 3 blocks away. Hoping to get a table there was an hour wait. I couldn't believe it. Especially when this outback had horrible reviews on Yelp. 

Looking across the street we spotted this Chili's and opted for it. 

We searched and searched for about ten minutes for a place to park. It didn't help especially when my hubby is picky about where he parks. [his mustang is his life] but this time he had no choice. Any parking spot would have to do. 

Finally getting inside we noticed people were waiting. We prayed th eline wouldn't be long. The hostess told us the wait would be 30 minutes and she told us to take a seat and it'd go by fast. The next people that came in we're told they could wait in the bar.. gee i wish they would have told us that, i could have used a couple drinks. next, another couple came in and were seated right away. My husband got up to ask why and the hostess announced that you can go online and be put on the waiting list. Good to know for future nights to chili's. That'll def save time and help my poor tummy from starving.

Once we were seated a nice good looking gentlemen came and asked if it was our first time there or if we were familiar with the menu or specials. We said we'd been there a few times but not in a while so he explained every thing clearly and even offered which drinks were the best tasting. 

I ordered a strawberry margarita, which i thought ended up being way too sweet and i always order strawberry margaritas when i go out. The hubby got a martini and another drink but i cant remember the name of that one. Food wise, he ordered the beef fajitas which he thought was delicious but not very much meat. Mostly veggies such as bell peppers. I ordered the fish taco's. They were very dry, but good. My favorite and his on our plates was the rice. So moist and fluffy. Probably one of the best rice's i've had a restaurant that wasn't authentic mexican. 

So basically i gave 3 stars for the waiter and the rice, haha.. other than that it was just an okay experience nothing special.
Good food, good customer service.
So me and my boyfriend frequent this place because its pretty convenient to where we live and not too expensive. Everything I've ordered here has been pretty damn good. But as for him it has been hit or miss. Granted you can't expect a grand slam when you order ribs from Chili's, he wasn't a big fan, and they honestly didn't look all that great. However when I've ordered everything was pretty good. The mushroom and swiss burger is by far the best thing I've had here. Cooked SERIOUSLY to perfection, juicy and the perfect amount of pink! Oh and everyone has got to love the chips, they're pretty much a staple! So ya, don't expect a miracle from the meat side of things besides the burgers.
When I was in college I dined at Chili's often - often enough to have sampled almost everything on their menu. I hadn't been in awhile, but all the staples are still there - out-of-control burgers with lots of toppings, the ribs, a few scatterings of fish dishes, one pasta dish, and of course, the appetizers and my favorite - the chicken crispers. 

This Chili's was super packed when my boyfriend and I showed up on a Friday night. Luckily, we were able to snag a two-person booth quicker than the said wait-time of 25 minutes (yikes!). Anyway, we were seated and greeted by our waitress who was pleasant, but seemed a bit overrun and busy. However, being a Friday night at Chili's what else is there to expect? I ordered a Stella and a water, while my boyfriend went for a Sam Adams draft.

For some reason there wasn't much on the menu that was enticing me. I thought about going for the ribs, but ended up ordering a new addition to the menu, a twist on the chicken crispers - honey chipotle chicken crispers. Well, this item was somewhat of a let-down. The crispers were much more sweet than I imagined them to be. I was thinking something with a spicy kick, but not so. Of course they gave me a heaping amount of fries and the corn on the cob, which was good.

My boyfriend's fajitas looked much better than my meal. He got the trio, with shrimp, chicken, and steak. I did try a few bites, and the shrimp was a tad over-cooked, but the chicken and steak were very good.

Overall this place is great for families (there was even a person running around making balloon animals) and it's just like any other typical Chili's. I found no huge problems with the service or the food, but it's simply another neighborhood Chili's.
Went here last night with a few people. Even though the place was mostly empty, we had to wait for a booth. When we were seated, it took around 12 minutes for anyone to see us. I know this because I checked in on FourSquare and got a free salsa and chips deal, so I had to keep my phone open to show my server, and I couldn't help but notice the time.

When when we could find our servers, which was hard to do, they were polite and helpful even when fixing an ordering problem. 

The food was OK, nothing special. I did find the idea of corn in the guacamole a little unusual. I had the burger bites which were tasty enough to take home. My companions had ribs and mozzarella sticks.

Main complaints? Hard to find the servers, and the floor in the place was DISGUSTING. Napkins and sticky stuff everywhere.
Nice things? Free deal on foursquare for salsa and chips, tasty burger sliders.
My husband and I came in for dinner, it had been a while since we had tried a Chili's, the last one may have been in Texas.  Today, I ordered the fajitas triple play, which included beef, chicken, and shrimp.  It was put on top of grilled onions and green peppers.  They served it with a small plate shredded cheese, sour cream, pico de gallo and guacamole.  This was disappointing because it was so little, just about a spoonful each.

When they bought out my plate, the shrimp was missing and our server said it was coming, by the time I had eaten everything else, they brought out the shrimp.  It was good, but I would have enjoyed it with my meal!

I must admit this was an "okay" meal, not something I would recommend, but if had no other choice, would eat it over perhaps something else.
Chili's- one of my favorite spots back east!  

I was a little worried that this Chili's would not compare to my local spot back home, but alas, there was no need; it was wonderful!  The very first thing that I noticed when I looked at the happy hour menu in the bar was that they served free chips and salsa, WHOO HOOO!!!  That's not an option back home.  

Sunday was happy hour all day so my buddy and I were able to enjoy 4 appetizers for under $20 bucks, what a deal!  The food was all so wonderful and tasty too, it hit the spot! The margarita I had was also worth noting, pretty good for just a traditional, I was worried it might be too sweet, but it was perfect.  

Watch the glass between the bar and dining area, I turned around and a little baby had his faced squished against it and I screamed bloody murder and the whole bar stared at me!  Yikes, just do yourself a favor and keep your eyes on the TV's!
Chili's is always good and the prices are all reasonable. I don't frequent chain restaurants very often but when I do find myself here, I always get great food and great service. I can't remember a time when that wasn't the case.

I was just there recently after a long day at work for HH.  Since the last time I was there, it looks like they offered a few new drinks and apps unless I just never noticed them before. I had the mango margarita for the first time and that was so good. It was one of the most perfect margaritas I've ever had! Perfect blend of tequila/sweet/tart ratio. It comes out in a frosty beer mug so I thought that was cool and different. Half of one gave me a good buzz and it was only $5!

The appetizers are always great, you can't go wrong with any of them. The prices ranged from $3-$5. Their nachos aren't your traditional piled on ingredients on a plate, they are individual chips topped with everything you should have with every bite of nacho. I thought this was genius, all the work is already done for you!
Went to Chili's for the first time in a long time. Was ok. Nothing special. Food average. Service average. They got 4 stars because of the balloon guy. He was awesome. Made a TMNT and Luke Skywalker for my boys. Never saw anyone make anything but cheesy animals before.
Probably my first review of a major chain restaurant...meeting some family here, so didn't have a choice of location lol.

Been years since I have been to a Chili's, so can't say how it fares across board, but it is decent food at good prices here.  Probably more on the cheap end actually with those 2 for $20 deals.

Went with the baby backs, the more tangy sauce....the ribs were pretty tender, fairly easy to pull apart off the bone.  A good rib, just not a great rib.  I am getting spoiled with these more spendy BBQ places in town.

Tried the burger, again, decent but not great.  Same thing, becoming jaded with all the exceptional burger spots in town.

Had the jalapeno fries or whatever they call them as our app.  Not bad, wish they layered the cheese and goodies though, since all the fries on the bottom go naked.

Service was a little slow, but we had a big group, so I chalk it up to that.  Won't really ding them for that in our case.

Overall, this will be a good Chili's to attend, if you want Chili's.  Otherwise, keep searching Yelp for better craving reducers!
Im not a huge fan of majority of Chilis menu but what I always get is the honey chipotle chicken crispers, fries and a corn on the cob and I love it. It is my go to food when I am unsure of what I want to eat or where, everyone loves chicken fingers!
Chili's is usually our go to spot for a nice quick meal and maragritas which are awesome.  Our last visit however was pretty disappointing.  We ordered our usual, cajun chicken  pasta.  When we got our meal, which was a longer wait than usual, it tasted very salty!  So we asked the server for a side of alfredo sauce.  It took them even longer just for a side of sauce.  Finally when we got the sauce, put it on our food, it was cold!  So we just gave up on our meal and asked for our check, also advising our server that the food was super salty, and that the sauce was cold and we were not happy with what we were served.  She asked if we wanted anything else, of course we said no since we were already turned off.  She just gave us our check, didn't offer a discount or apology or anything!  So it was like she didn't care that we were not happy with our service.  That type of service was just unexpected but I guess it just wasn't the servers day.
Great as always!
There are some many restaurants in the area, I let my friend choose.  The good of the experience.  The soup and salad meal was tasty and the right price.  They came with chips and salsa, my preggo friend adored.  The not so good: our waiter was very slow.  It took him time to come up to me and get my drink order.  It took longer to get our food.  He completely disappeared and I practically had to chase after him to get the check.  

I haven't been to Chili's since they closed the one on Green Valley near Sunset (my 'hood), and now I remember why we go elsewhere.
Torn between 3 and 4 stars.

I can say the food here is always good - nothing upscale but there's a nice variety of choices and everything I've had is usually pretty good.  Its certainly much better than Applebees (don't get me started on them).

However, what I've noticed with this location is your satisfaction will depend largely on your server.

A recent time I'm pretty sure our server was stoned - at least I hope he was - because he got literally EVERY SINGLE thing wrong - right down to giving us the wrong check.  Got the appetizer wrong, got both entrees wrong (one in 3 different ways), overcharged for one entree even though I held up the menu and pointed to what I wanted (could I have made it any simpler?), and gave us the check for the table next to us - who had left 20 mins prior and was 40% higher than ours.  I'm a pretty patient person, but seriously, how many mistakes can 1 server make on a single table?  And the glassy eyes - maybe it was an Rx that caused him to be so off but I don't think he was all there.

Yesterday I ordered a plain med-well hamburger.  After 40+ mins I got a cold med-rare cheeseburger ... again ... how much simpler could I have made it?  I don't really blame the server here - but how it took 40 mins to get a cold burger, I'll never know.

The 2 best servers are Norman (usually works the bar but I haven't seen him lately) and Erika (little blonde always charging around like shes on a mission) - they have never done me wrong.  The guy who wears the NY Giants lanyard isn't half bad, except for the obvious flaw of being a Giants fan.  

I'll return as overall its a decent place but sometimes I leave in a bad mood and I really wish that wouldn't happen.
Crappy service. Good food..... Ordered, then got food 50mins Later then didn't see the Waitress for another 30 mins..... When she dropped off the check...
The food here is good, but it was the service that was outstanding.  Our waitress was super friendly and very attentive.  The place was clean and pleasant.  Would definitely eat here again!
I like Chili's.  It is not my favorite place to eat but honeslty, I've never really had a bad experience.  Especially at this location.  I've come in a few times with family and once or twice with my roommates family.  Service has always been great.  The food is usally good.  The burgers are tasty.  The sandwiches are alright.  And they make a good margarita.  But it is the fajitas where they shine.  I used to get the the fajita trip with chicken, steak and shrimp until I devoloped my shell fish allergy.  Now I go with the steak fajitas.  They are delicious.  Perfectly grilled and tender steak still slightly red in the middle just the way I like it.  No shortage of perfectly grilled onion and peppers.  I like mine served Cadillac Style with black beans and rice on the side.  My only complaint is that there were not enough tortillas.  I could have used another one or two.  Though I guess that just means there was a lot by way of fajita fillings.  Fillings that I have no problem eating via fork-to-mouth method rather than in the traditional tortilla delivery system.  If the food and service is not enough, I usually see a balloon artist roaming the restaurant and making some awesome sculptures upon request from all the kids.  Chili's, a family place.
Almost always, this is the place that my friends would go to for a little hangout. We enjoy the food, and I love the service I receive every time.
Food is fine (Chilis is Chilis) and service when sitting in the restaurant to dine-in has never been a problem. It's the takeout I have had issues with. For some reason this Chilis will not accept phone orders within a half hour of closing. I once called at 9:32 (they close at 10) and was told I could not place an order. I had just gotten out of work and wanted to pick up food on my way home. I was told I was more than welcome to come in person and order food to go. I explained I wouldn't get there until 9:50 and again was told that was my only option. So I drove there and had to place an order and sit and wait for it. I watched a guy come in and sit down at the bar and order food (to stay and eat there) at 9:59 but apparently me calling in an order at 9:32 was not acceptable. No where on their website does it state this "rule" about when you can place to go orders so I'm not sure how that is good business. I was so annoyed and probably will order from the Applebees across the street next time instead.
Rainbow chili's was not my favorite.  We came in after 9 pm for a drink after a long flight and we felt neglected.  I just wanted a drink and some of chili's awesome chips but the waitress took 15 minutes to greet us then told us the chip machine was broken down. It was 930 Wah wah wah...  Debbie downer!
Service is fast and friendly. We really liked our server, who checked in with us frequently. 
The food was good, and hot. The only thing that could be improved is that the salad had visible wilt.
Luckily, the food was good because the service was a little lacking. We were there for nearly 20 minutes before anyone even took a drink order from us. I ordered the ribs and they were more chipotle than honey. I wasn't prepared for the kick, but I think that's my fault. The server did have a good sense of humor but he lacked some attentiveness.
I came by last night with a few friends, I was starving & really wanted a drink after a long day at work. The waitress took 15min to even acknowledge us & when she did this she only asked if we seated  ourselves or if someone sat us!?!? We then asked if they had drink specials she crossed her arms and said NO but if we moved to the bar booths we could get specials.. umm ok.. once we moved the other waitress told us the had no drink specials at that time that's when we realized the 1st waitress just did not want to wait on us. Good thing the 2nd lady was so so nice & checked up on us to make sure everything was ok.
Not bad for a quick lunch before work.  I had the ribs and they were good! Which is more than I can say for the BBQ restaurants I have eaten at here in Las Vegas
Absolute horrible service. The waitress didn't care about us, and simply said "my bad" when she screwed up our drink order. We practically had to beg for refills and she wouldn't even pick up our empty glasses and appetizer plates. We got up and walked out before our entrees came because of her shitty attitude.
The watermelon margarita was very good! Just saying, Lol ... Had dinner here to celebrate my grandsons birthday. First time at this location. Quite busy during the dinner hours as expected. Food and service was good and food was brought out fast and hot like i like it ...
I wonder where they get such low quality chicken breast...advised the server who said they just changed their supplier again!
If I could give lower than 1 star I would. A guest and I came in for dinner, it wasn't all that busy. The boy who was serving us was not helpful in the least. We ended up waiting over an hour for our food to come out (and I had to remind him). A family of 8 came in after us..and they got their meals served before us. I was furious at this point. The manager comes over in complete defense mode..defending the boy server..he forgot to put our order in. When our food finally comes out.. my order is wrong. I proceed to tell the manager..she said that she'd be right back with the correct side. I'm waiting..and waiting.. 20 minutes go by and I see her walking around with her staff laughing. Never brought me what I needed. The food was horrific. The staff is inconsistent. The manager is rude..a poor excuse of a manager if you ask me. I will never go back here. And I don't recommend anyone to waist their money here.
Greeter at the door was rude and he have attitude problem. The waiter was not friendly and screwed our drinks too. Poor service and customer service. NEVER AGAIN will i come here with the same greeter.
Server not intuitive but friendly and courteous.   Table side guacamole was blah, no flavor.   My son did not like the chicjen tenders on the kids menu.  I think the batter was the same as you would use on fush sticjs.  We added more jalapeno and it didn't help.  My salmon was dry snd overly lemon flavored.   Watermelon Cooler was good.
Ate from here last night, woke up in all kinds of pain, it sucked!
Awful! This location closes at 1am, or so thy say. Showed up at 12:50 tonight and waited, said hello a few times, two cars in parking lot and no response. Guess they close at 12:50 and not 1 as advertised. Have some respect for your job, because there are plenty of people that WOULD appreciate it!
Came here for pizza hut pizza. This taco bell doesn't not sell pizza. Some-how due to not being able to use the bathroom, I decide to order some fast food. I order the nachos grande or whatever you call it. Boy I haven't being here in years and I guessed it showed. These nachos only had cheese, sour cream, chicken, and beans. So I had to add extra toppings. Yelp 20 mins later- taco bell did it's job-I am now sitting on the toilet  writing this review and boy I am happy that I am to use the restroom.
Straight ghetto filthy place this person was sitting at a table with no food and dirty cleats an socks on the table! As I was ordering the person preparing the food was picking at it and eating the food while she worked gross!! I know it happens but come on then she proceeded to keep working and for every three she packaged !  I let the "Shift Leader" know -nothing changed! Filthy place with low standards go somewhere else yelpers!
Had the new Doritos taco supreme. Mmmm it was good a bit much on the sour cream but good. The place seems clean, I even saw 2 groups of people dining in. The people that make the food were average young people i didnt see anything dirty, but its not like i stuck my head in stared as they prepared my food...

I must have a strong stomach since its been 3 hrs and I'm ok.. 
Maybe people are just over critical? Or it just seems like the type of people to always have a grudge against fastfoods somehow ends up rating it... Pretty much disgusted before even walking in... Its taco bell what did u expect? If you are the type of person that gets sick from eating at here in the first place no matter where u go, or have a bad attitude to begin with please dont drag the rest down with you. Anyways hopes this helps.

- just cuz im lactose tolerant... Should i rate the milk bad?
Bring back Tropicana Fruit Punch.
Came here a few days ago because we were starving and wanted tacos. The person behind the counter was cheerful (for a change)!  I started with a Cheesy Gordita Crunch no hard shell only flour tortilla, and my boyfriend's Mom ordered a hard shelled taco & we both had Cherry Kick Starters for drinks being that it was Happy hour!

This location is hardly ever clean when we walk in because the teens from the high school tend to come here for the free wifi & a bite to eat. The bathroom is LOCKED if you have to go make sure you ask someone to open it FOR YOU. : | I hate that about this location.   The one on Warm Springs is right by the Sierra Vista High & it's super clean.  Not to mention they don't lock the bathrooms on you.

Well all in all it was a decent improvement from the last time we came in and were treated poorly.  I have to say this is an A-OK rating because it wasn't spectacular service.  The food was HOT & FRESH. I hated the Mountain Dew Cherry Kick start, made me sick to my stomach a third of the way into it, I threw it away after getting nausea.  I will just grab a Fountain drink next time. : )  You live you learn.
LIARS!!!! Sign said open til 1 am and it was 12:50 and they were still there! My taco bell satisfaction was ripped from me. I thought this was America, taking away my Taco Bell privileges and sh*t. Good thing jack in the box is always here for us and they are nice!!!!!!
Had some trouble with the order radio so we went in to order. We got food to feed a family of 5 so, with  no one else in line or in the store, we went through it with the cashier, took our time and paid. The floor in front and back was in need of a sweep an mop. There were a couple trainees on the food line so it took some time. No biggie. Left and Had to come back because we were missing 5 items. Polite trainees but really unpleasant manager. Finally left with a refund for one drink and the missing tacos and burrito. Corporate needs to drop in on this bunch more frequently, especially the evening crew. Clean it up a bit and get a manager who is comfortable leading a team.
Taco bells are basically all of the same but avoid around the time high school / middle school let's out because it's full of very irritating teens- not even eating ! I'm addition to playing catch in the parking lot- ball missed my car but the teens thought it was okay to hang out sitting on mine & other peoples trunks!
Horribly slow

Staff repeats themselves and is slower than molasses in the winter. 

Order wrong again...

Taco salad bowl was stale not fresh
I am so tired of this Taco Bell! we would usually come here because it's less than a block from our house, but I've had it with them. any morning my boyfriend or I try to get breakfast, no matter what time, they are seemingly always out of waffle tacos. that would be fine IF they told us while we were ordering and not after we order and are already paying for our order at the window! and they can never make more because it "takes hours to make them"... really? you expect us to believe your fast food waffles take hours to make? my ass! this story and run out of supplies happens 8/10 times. now let's get to day time taco cravings. why is it so hard to get the order right even after you repeat it back? something we order is always replaced with something we didn't order or is just missing overall. for example, last nights order... how do you confuse carmel apple empanada with taco?! seriously?! granted two of their employees are super nice and get the order right when they work, but everyone else sucks there! if you're unsure of what we said in our order, just ask! I'd rather you get it right by asking instead of guessing and fucking it up. we will be driving to the Taco Bell on jones from now on!
As far as Taco Bell goes, this is one of the best. It is a very heavy traffic area, so I believe that keeps the food fresh at all times.
Love taco bell chalupas. This particular location consistently smells really bad though.
Breakfast is a huge disappointment. Although it has been offered off and on in other cities over the last 10 years, this latest offering, is the most over-priced CRAP to date.
What is being called a Breakfast Burrito is not even the size of an egg roll and being priced as if it were a Burrito Supreme.
This is one if the best Taco Bells. They have great customer service! Food has always been fresh. Today my order was messed up when I went through the drive thru and I didn't realize it until I was on the 15 and Sahara where I came to meet my lady for her break. I called I explained the situation to her manager and she immediately offered to fix the order. When I explained that I was on the other side of town she called the Taco Bell nearest me and asked them to place fix the order for me, in addition to she took my info and asked me to come back to her location and she would take additional care. By far the best customer service I have received from a fast food location!
Daytime service rocks. Never open after midnight lately, at least put up a sign so Im not sitting in the drive thru  for an hour looking lame!
Oh Taco Bell, what can I say about you?

- Fast Service
- Accurate Order
- Decent tasting food
- Smiling employees

What more can I ask for when all I want to do is not be hungry anymore?  A 7 Layer Burrito & Cheesy Bean Burrito hit the spot.

Return Factor - 40%
I love Taco Bell. It's my fast food of choice. This location is like most other locations. It's the closest to my house, so I go here quite often. The service is always fast and friendly. The food is consistent. As much as I like Taco Bell, it's still Taco Bell so can't bring myself to give more than 3 stars.
Got the Doritos supreme tacos and a grilled wrap with a cherry limeade. The tacos were soggy and flavorless because of the sour cream. Next time, no sour cream. Grilled thing was so-so. Cherry limeade was tha bomb.
From the 9 years of living here, never have they ever screwed up my order. Until recently. I order regular tacos - they give me taco supremes. I order no potatoes in my double potato burrito - they give me potatoes. I get the double cantina CHICKEN quesadilla - they give me steak. I think the employees need to be less self centered & focus on their customer service.
Long unneCessary waits sometimes!
 ..... Poor customer service.  Which leads me to believe, unsanitary practices are being performed here possibly. Avoid this place if u want
Food is same as any other Taco bell and comes out fast. Whether I'm dining in or in the drive thru, I've never had a problem with my food coming out quickly. Never gets too packed at this location either which is why I like coming here for lunch.
Came here yesterday for lunch. The food tasted fine, like normal taco bell food, but the place wasn't very clean. It looks run down and the customer service wasn't that great.

I'm still giving it 3 stars because the food was made like normal, but I will definitely find a different taco bell to go to next time.
Nice employees, very quick service. Great for a late night meal. Staff are friendly and sometimes tell jokes while you wait
At one point in late 2009, I was going to this location at least twice a week for a month. It was not good for my wallet or my health, but my taste buds were not complaining. 

This Taco Bell has great customer service. The employees work really hard to get your food out to you in a timely manner. I get out of here so quick via drive-thru that I don't even remember paying sometimes.

I always order off of their value menu. The Frutista Freeze slushies taste really, really good.

This location is awesome!
Taco Bell.....my favorite place to grab a quick bite when I'm short on cash in the wallet.  My Son enjoys a bunch of menu items here, but I'm a simple guy.  90% of the time I get 2 Bean Burritos, sometimes I order a 7 Layer Burrito.  

This location always has fresh ingredients and always has quick, accurate service.  It's nestled between Sun City Summerlin (which is a retirement community) and the original Summerlin, which is a little over 20 yrs old.....so there's rarely a long line or wait here.

Will I return?  I'm sure I will.
I am addicted right now. Everything is always quick and good. 

The girls love the cheese rolls and the chicken burrito and I second that, so we can literally eat for four for like eight bucks, really?? I know it can not be good for us but well worth it on occasion.  

Most importantly, what we always notice is how great the employees are.  Always happy and ready to help you out! That is awesome! 

Has anyone else noticed how small Taco Bells little sauce packets have gotten though? I always have to ask for extras because they just do not have the coverage they use to. Again thank you to the employees for always giving me a large hand full of extra packets! You guys rock!
okay so I love Taco Bell but today was the worst customer service ever...I go through the drive thru and order my steak cantina bowl...then I'm asked if I would like to donate and I politely say that I already have...well then I hear in the back ground "she's lying" how rude...thank goodness I had taken a pic of my donation cause I used a silly name...I get to the window and tell the cashier she's very rude for calling me a liar an show her my pic that I donated...she looked at me and said "we'll that wasn't here" seriously does it matter which Taco Bell I donated at? I just smiled said thanks I will just talk to the customer service rep since you obviously don't have good customer service skills an drive off...now I'm hungry an pissed bad combo!!!!
It's been awhile since we last came to this location because they were always screwing up our orders. But being that we were babysitting and not in the mood to cook-fast-food became the obvious choice for lunch. Since we had previous issues with missing items or incorrect orders we decided to go in an order. The only special thing I asked was NO SOUR CREAM on the Fully Loaded Nachos, BUT do you think that would get right. 1st I didn't even get the Nachos, and when I did mention it they came out with a huge glob of Sour Cream just staring me in the face. I like so many others am completely reluctant to complain about food and have it redone or sent back in fear of it being defiled or spit on-Who hasn't watched "Waiting..."? So I just scooped off the SC myself and fed the hungry monsters. The food was all there but it is so disgusting with meat substance they call beef and all the DAMN beans on everything. Who the hell eats Nachos with beans-I always thought it was chips and cheese maybe add some onions,tomatoes and cilantro. All the damn beans make the chips all soggy. Why is it that the taco salad shell is so light & crispy-the best one I've eaten-but they don't use it for their tacos,etc.? I will say it was rather inexpensive $20 for 4 people but it was not Mexican food by any means. I'm not even sure what they meat like substance is they use but it is surely not any kind of beef I've ever made. This location is the same as any other-it's just Taco Bell in general that sucks!!!
Ok place to grab a quick bite to eat when I'm in the area.  They're always fast and accurate.  Lunch hour is the worst because huge lines at the drive thru and inside make it a nightmare.  I won't come during those hours.

Will I return?  Sure.
I like getting the Nacho Burrito, Steak Quesidillas, and the Chicken Burrito from here with fire sauce, even though it's still not that hot.
The Doritos Locos Taco was just so so.  Maybe if I was younger and more impressionable(brainwashable), it might be better.
Good food on the run!!
The location is quick and friendly but let's face it, it's taco bell.
My boyfriend and I got food poisoning from this place.
Taco Bell has really been pimping out their Happier Hour specials with the rolled tacos and $1 drinks. Figured it was a safe spot to grab a late lunch/snack to share with my BF, as we'd planned on a late dinner.

Ordered two of the tortilla rolls and a medium Baja Blast, and was really confused when my total came to $6. Figured maybe I was early for the HH pricing or had missed fine print somewhere. Order was out quick via drive thru.

And when I pulled up at home I realized the mistake. Somehow my order was doubled to two of each of the two tortilla rolls, and a nacho wrap was thrown in. A little frustrating, since that now made a gigantic amount of food instead of a snack, and I hate wasting.

But then I tried the food. And the nacho wrap was about the only thing that was edible. The tortilla rolls were two different types: a chipotle chicken flavor that was somehow just a couple of grilled chicken pieces and a ton of sour cream, then a chili cheese fry flavor that had spicy chili in an amount that seemed like it was trying to cover up the fact that the potatoes were burned. And oh yeah, there was no cheese. Weird.

The Baja Blast was just meh. I'm not a caffeine fan and for some reason I thought this drink was more of an Icee/Slurpee, but it's just a flavored Mountain Dew. 

Even with the order being butchered and the food being subpar, I didn't expect my stomach to hurt afterward. Yet it did... and from the other reviews here, that seems to be a regular occurrence.
One of the numerous Food Fight Corp. dinner spots in town, it doesn't break the mold.  High on style, low on substance, Eldorado provides a pleasant atmosphere and upscale Tex-Mex fare.  Better burritos and fajitas can be found in town but not in a place as nice.  

Also, stay away from the brunch.  Slow service and cold food.
I love the margaritas here.  I also like the chips and dip.  This place is best utilized at happy hour, for that reason.
El Dorado Grill is located inside an old candy factory next door to Ground Zero coffee shop.  They specialize in Tex-Mex food and have a huge menu.  The restaurant has a nice warm atmosphere with all kinds of tequila bottles lined on single shelves near the ceiling.  They also play old time country music which really compliments the atmosphere.  

Chips and Salsa are quite good.

The Margaritas here are delicious!  

The handmade Tamales are filled with shredded seasoned pork and are very moist and tasty.  

The enchiladas with Oaxacan Mole Sauce is really good however, I'm not a fan of the sour cream they drizzle on top (I love sour cream and I know other places that drizzle SC on top of their mole sauce, but I really think it interferes with the sauce so I usually ask for no sour cream). 

The Chicken Chalupa is good.  It's like a tostada with grilled seasoned chicken (wish it was a little more seasoned and spicy), mixed greens and pico de gallo and a dollop of SC).   Recently had the Machaca Pork Chalupa which is I think is more flavorful than the chicken.

Recently had the K.W.'s Texas Smoked Brisket - delicious!  The brisket is coated with 8 secret spices and slow roasted for 12 hrs.  Can't go wrong with that!  It's served on Texas toast which gets pretty soggy/mushy - it should just be served on the side or not at all since there are yummy little corn cakes served with this dish as well.  They really pile on the mashed potatoes (a bit much if you ask me) and the blackeyed peas are ok.

I really need to try more of their desserts.  I've only had the Chocolate Ancho Pecan Pie.  It was pretty good however the top of the pie was a little on the burnt side.
Good Ritas, but the meal was a litte underwhelming. My rice and beans seemed to have that look of having been plated hours previously and the pork tacos had no real zing. My wife's rellano was nice but had one too many cheeses stuffed in it. Eat inside for more comfortable tables.
My wife loves this place - I like it too but don't have her passion for it. Trendy southwestern food. Atmosphere is great, service has always been good. Food is usually good with an emphasis on unusual and presentation. Prices are a bit high and portions a bit low - but it is a good place to place to go to impress.
Grade: F

Perhaps the nastiest slop I have ever eaten. Terrible service. The chips and salsa are the only non-unpleasant things about this place.  Kudos to Food Fight Inc.
Had after dinner drinks here for my birthday party.  Wasn't sure how they could handle the large (36 person) group on a Sat night, but they were awesome.  The margarita's here are great and it's fun to branch out into tequila tasting.  So not as pretentious as wine, and frankly quicker to the punch!

Sarah, the manager, was very accomodating and knowledgeable.  Wonderful place.

I've heard about their brunch, we'll have to go sometime!
This is a great place for breakfast(although I will admit, I was getting tired of it because my boyfriend's family ALWAYS suggests going here when in town).

A southwest vibe, without being hokey. 

The blue corn pancakes with chile butter are amazing, and the breakfast burrito is good too. I am definitely trying a bloody mary next time I go, because they look delicious.

I've gone for lunch once or twice, and it was okay...but I have other places I'd rather drop my dollars.
We tried Eldorado for the first time this weekend- it was fairly busy on a Friday night, but not so much that it felt crowded.  Wait staff were super- the mojitos were good, and the salsa was yummy.  I had the pork tenderloin, potatoes, gravy, and beans.  The tenderloin was a little pink for me (sorry, but I grew up afraid of trichinosis), although it was tasty.  The gravy was interesting and the potatoes were good.  The beans, not so much, but whatever.

We did have the chocolate bread pudding, and while I'm a huge fan of traditional bread pudding (Famous Dave's rocks, by the way), this was quite good.  

I'm not sure I'd hurry back, but it was a good experience.
The only thing I've ever had here is the spinach enchiladas at brunch.  They are so good, I'm afraid to try anything else, in fear that it won't measure up.  The cheese and spinach inside is soooo good and creamy, and the tortillas are just crispy enough.  The salsa on top is the freshest I've ever tasted.  The potatoes are good (when aren't potatoes at least good?), but I'm not a huge fan of beans (anywhere).  I'd like to sub the beans out for an egg, but the $2 substitution charge is something I refuse to pay.  Have fun trying the various Bloody Marys!
I went here for Date Night with the boy.  I'd never been, and he couldn't remember if he'd ever gone before or not.  It was a Thursday just before 7, and it was extremely busy.  We still got a table right away, fortunately, because we were both ravenous.  The table was not a good one.  I can't say I care for the way the restaurant is laid out.  We were smack dab in the middle of the room, which meant my chair was mere inches from another diner's chair, and waitstaff was always squeezing by.  It was very noisy, too.  Additionally, our waitress was training another waitress, but they weren't always together...so, they would each come check on the table, causing us to be interrupted an awful lot.

We each got a margarita on the rocks (very good, but pricey), and chips & salsa.  The chips & salsa were less than $2, and while I'm used to having them included in my Mexican restaurant eating excursions, they were well worth the added expense.  I believe both the chips and salsa are homemade, and are extremely tasty.

The boy wound up getting the pork burrito, I had the chicken & mushroom burrito.  It was a Burrito Bonanza!  Surprisingly, both of the burritos tasted different.  Mine had the very prevalent flavors of roasted chicken and corn.  His was more delicately smoky.  Both very good.  The portions were enormous, as they included black beans and rice.  I was pleasantly surprised that the black beans were just that, and not actually refried goo.  There was so much food that I couldn't finish, and that was a welcome change of pace.

Overall, it was a positive experience.  I just wish the atmosphere had been different.  The food in and of itself merited at least 4 stars.
The only place in town that offers a wide variety of margaritas with fresh squeezed lime juice- you'll never think about the pre-made blended margaritas at cheap mexican restaurants the same again after you've tasted what a real margarita should taste like.  Coupled with real Texas-style BBQ (the pulled pork is incredible), a giant pork burrito, or the famous Seafood enchiladas, I always leave feeling satisfied and stuffed.  The atmosphere is fun, especially on busy Fridays and Saturdays with old country music playing in the background, but also classy and unique compared to most mexican places in Madison.  The service is fast and personable, the homemade salsa is enough to keep me coming back, and the giant wall of tequila makes this an exciting experience that differs from some of the cookie-cutter Food Fight restaurants.  

The brunch menu is also inexpensive for a ton of filling, delicious, unique food- I highly suggest the Eldorado Benedict with the pasilla hollandaise sauce!

The negative reviews seem to have a common theme: they each ordered the most boring things on a very extensive menu (chicken enchilladas or one of the kinds of tacos) and then were disappointed when they weren't incredible.  Well yes, if you want to order a tortilla with some veggies and meat on it, you won't be blown away because it's a boring meal for boring people.  Instead, expand your horizons to ANYTHING else on the menu, something that you couldn't make at home in 5 minutes, and you will be impressed.  At the very least, go for the fajitas or burritos- not too extravagant but huge and delicious.
Mexican food AND barbecue!? AWESOME! It's the most expensive Mexican restaurant I've ever been to, but they serve more upscale versions of the traditional dishes. I've been happy with everything I've ordered here, and the margaritas are great.
The best margaritas in the city; in fact, the only places I've had the like were in Phoenix and San Francisco.  Great tequilas.  The chips and salsa complement the drinks very well and are much, much better than what you get at chain Mexican restaurants.

The entrees are a bit pricey (for which I docked a star; the food and drinks are a 5) , but they're quite good and beautifully presented.  Vegetarian entrees are clearly marked.  There are two different vegetarian enchiladas--both with spinach, which is a little confusing--but they are equally delicious and very fresh-tasting.  The black beans and Mexican rice served with most entrees are okay, but not spectacular.  The only entree that has ever disappointed me was the Thai vegetable fajitas (I just didn't like the flavor).  I do wish they had a different vegetarian fajita, because I love fajitas. 

The desserts are amazing.  If you love chocolate, try the chocolate cherry bread pudding--but be sure to share it with someone else; it's enormous.
Great margaritas and their bleu cheese steak with kale is outstanding!
My mother has always raved about the margaritas at Eldorado - unfortunately due to my college years, I can no longer handle tequila. Still, we made the trip. Eldorado has a huge margarita list - from spicy versions to those with raspberry liquor. I chose a delicious vodka drink instead. Like I said, the margaritas are to die for....so I hear...and they are NOT served in those tacky huge goldfish glasses.

Order the chips and salsa - very good and definitely homemade. The entrees here are generally gigantic. My slow roasted pork tenderloin with beans and greens was very flavorful and tender, but pretty heavy on the salt. My mom's fish special was sort of ho-hum. I couldn't really figure out what the chef was trying to do with the hominy succotash - sweet? savory? Hmm. 

Next time I make the trip up and we find ourselves at Eldorado, I will probably try the more typical Mexican fair - my boyfriends chicken tacos were delicious! Rather than come here for a full on dinner, I would return to enjoy a cocktail and some mex rather than tex apps on their back patio! 

Word to the wise - make reservations on the weekend...we just made it in at 6pm on a Friday.
Since moving away from Madison, Eldorado is one of those restaurants I miss. The atmosphere is nice...tex mex meets modern design. Very hip. 

In regards to the food, dinner entrees don't really stick out. What I do continue to crave, however, is the brunch menu. I LOVE the blue corn pancakes. Highly recommended. I also recommend you wash them down with a mimosa.

My early-morning-empty-tummy misses you, Eldorado.
Madison Yelp never ceases to amaze me.  Madisonians' notion of "great" and "amazing" and "incredible" don't seem to jive with what I've seen elsewhere... in cities like Austin, SF, Chicago and so on, if someone said a place was "unreal" you could usually bet that it would be a great experience.

Eldorado Grill is a decent place.  Not great, not spectacular, not ridiculously good, but simply decent.  Interesting menu options - Bison meatloaf?  That's cool.  

Interesting location - the Sprecher building has a ton of character and charm; the feel is cozy but not cramped; airy but not huge; dark but not dreary.  

Great selection of Tequilas and drinks; the tequilas more or less stand on their own - that goes without saying.  But $8 for a shot of Sauva Tres Generaciones?  An entire bottle is $37... The rest of the drinks read interesting enough, but when executed they just seem "off."  

We tried a watermelon margarita - it tasted more like cucumber, and definitely wasn't worth $11.  The sangria was bitter.  The Shiner Bock was flat.  ...sigh...

Our waiter was friendly enough, but may have been trying a bit too hard to be especially hip and/or cool.  Didn't seem to care too much about anything; didn't really check-in on us enough - never came back to ask how the food was or if we needed another drink (we had to flag him down for round 2 of drinks).

We ordered a variety of items - chips and salsa ($1.79) - the chips are thick-style and decent.  The salsa had a bit of an unusual flavor, but in a good way.  No real bite to it, though.

Entrees included: chicken enchiladas ($16) - comments included, "tastes like Lean Cuisine" and "meh"; chicken soft tacos ($12) - comments included, "small portion," "no real flavor"; and a tortilla salad with chicken ($10) - huge salad with mixed greens, tortilla strips, tomatoes, peppers and chicken - comments included, "massive" and "decent."

Our bill arrived - $84 for 3 people with a few drinks.  YIKES.  I don't have a problem paying for a great meal, but therein lies the problem - Eldorado wasn't great.  It wasn't even close to being great.  We left and went to the CBI for popcorn and boots of beer.

Eldorado = FAIL

Service = 2.5 stars (not horrible, but not outstanding; way too "hip")
Food = 2 stars (nothing exciting or awe-inspiring)
Value = 1 star ($16 for enchiladas?  Really??  $11 for a margarita?)
MISC = 4 stars (great atmosphere/building/feel)

Summary: If you've got $100 burning a hole in your pocket and you want to sit in a cool building and enjoy some mediocre food, Eldorado is your place.  Otherwise, take the $100, enjoy a pizza from Glass Nickel or Roman Candle and spend the rest on beers/drinks at another establishment.
This is a favorite brunch spot with friends. Two words: eldorado eggs.

They have a pretty fun&unique brunch menu with a lot of non-standard options - so you are bound to try something new. Bloody Marys are really good, but I recommend the Bloody Maria... It's an adventure. Also of note- they have a robust tequila selection as well.

The service is generally good , however drinks always take a while.

I wouldn't go out of your way to go here, but if you live in Madison, make a stop sometime. (disclaimer- I've never eaten dinner here)
The Food at eldorado is quite good. It's definatly on the American side of the Tex/Mex fence with a lot of seafood options and some traditional bbq options. I had a salmon thing and a bacon/jalepeneo appetizer but the entire menu looked good. The black beans and rice were OK, but next time I'll try a different side.  

Also our server was smoking cute, the whole staff looked to be, so go here. 

I haven't found a ton of great standard mexican places in Madison, that's what I was hoping for at el dorado. It's not really that, but what it is is pleasant in it's own unique way.
yummerschnaks this place is good.  Owned by the guy who owns half a dozen other restaurants in Madison, he rarely fails to disappoint and the El Dorado is no exception.

Located in a cool old-brick building on Willy st., the El Dorado offers a great brunch selection.  I've never been there for lunch, so my review, while limited, will tell you just how good the brunch is.

In the several times that I've been there, I've usually had the scrambled eggs with chorizo sausage cooked-in, along with sides and such.  Absurdly good.  The other breakfast options I tried were all quite impressive as well, and they give you enough food that no one goes home hungry.  Service was good; waitresses have been prompt at getting refills and checking up on everyone, and they let you have enough time to schmooze with your companions as well.  

Overall, the El Dorado provides a nice relaxing environment to have a casual Sunday brunch in a great neighborhood.  It's a little nicer of a place and the prices are a bit high, so keep that in mind depending on what type of place you like to frequent.

Tex-Mex done right.
Honestly, this place probably should get a 3 star rather than a 4 star, but I'm a fan.  

I've only been here for brunch, but I've heard negative and unenthusiastic reviews from friends who were there for dinner.  I imagine that their non-brunch menu isn't worth coming in for.  

This place is a bit of a hit and miss when it comes to the food.  I usually order the El Dorado eggs when I'm there because I'm a big fan of poached eggs and the lime scallion sauce they drizzle over the eggs is way way better than any hollandaise sauce.  The corn cakes is also a much better choice than any biscuit.  However, the poaching of the eggs is often hit or miss.  At times the eggs are perfectly runny, at other times, they've come out completely cooked.  Really, why poach an egg if it's not runny?  

I really enjoy their bloody marys as well and their extra spicy bloody mary is a solid spicy but not peppery kick.
This place is great!  Their margaritas are strong and from scratch.  I would totally recomend the Lobster, Shrimp and Seafood Enchilada - YUMM-O!!
Great service, great food, great drinks, great place!!!  I had the pork tacos and they were fantastic.  The waiter stated that the pork is slowly roasted for 8 hours and it was DELICIOUS!!!  A friend of mine had raved about the watermelon margaritas and they were everything she said and more, delicious also!  The salsa is fantastic, some of the best I have ever had.  Plus they have Shiner Bock on tap!!!!  I will definitely go back!!!
The best Tex-Mex I've had in Madison so far. Interesting menu and great atmosphere.
Two words: Rip. Off. 

Everything here is overpriced in an otherwise reasonably priced city. $12 for only two chorizo tacos?! You must be kidding. They were good, but not worth the price. I realize I've got it good living in a city where there are Mexicans, but there is simply no reason to gouge customers for mediocre food. The standard sides are black beans and rice. The black beans were bland, the rice forgettable. I substituted the collard greens and corn cakes, which were also unimpressive, unless you just want straight-up collard greens cooked a bit on the flattop with nothing else added. What's the matter Eldorado Grill? Afraid dairy-loving Sconnies can't stand the taste of Flavor? 

I had a tasty, spicy tequila drink backed up with a bottle of Tecate, so it wasn't a complete loss...
Went here for brunch with some ladies this past Sunday.  
I know for dinner this place is definately overpriced for what you get but for brunch, it ws definately reasonably priced for brunch, with most items around $8.  
It was packed when we got there but we only had to wait about 10 minutes.  We went to the bar and got two bloodys and a coffee.  We got the one with the house-made chili infused vodka and it came with an amber beer chaser, for $6.50.
When we got seated we waited, no lie, about 10 minutes before we were approached by a server.  I was just about to go to the host stand when a frazzled server stopped by.  We placed our order and waited, again, for about 30 min to get our food.  I work in the service industry and not even dinner items take 30 minutes... Whatever.
The food was good though and almost made up for the wait.  I originally wanted the mango-pineapple french toast, but they were out of the mango :( so I had the banana walnut french toast... it was really good, and they coat the bread in some type of crunchy crumbs before they grill them!
My friends both got the crab eggs benedict and they loved it! 
At the end of the meal, we had to wait another 15 minutes to get the bill paid and get a box.
 If it wasn't for the shoddy service I wouldv'e given this place 4 stars.
we came in late-ish one rainy evening for dinner, after a friend highly recommended it. the place was virtually empty but it still took ages for us to be seated. 

i ordered the grilled lobster, shrimp and crab enchiladas and was fairly disappointed by the lack of flavor. i don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but he had a similar issue with his dish. the service was extra slow during our whole meal, and the waitress didn't even bother to refill my water. 

for the price, you should definitely get better food and service.
I've been to this place one time and we were not impressed. I had been having a conversion with a manager on a work project about the lack of quality mexican in Madison and he pointed me to this place. Unfortunately, this manager was not very good, so I probably should have stuck with my gut and crossed this off the list of places to try. 

How did I feel when I left the restaurant? The portions were fairly small for the price and the food was not that great. Smaller portions are actually something I tend to prefer these days, so you don't have to have a lot of food, but this is also texmex. Mexican portions should be large since it's fairly cheap to make and is definitely a type of food you can box up and enjoy as a leftover. 

So, the hunt for great mexican in Madison continues. I've heard of a couple solid places of late. Stay tuned for upcoming reviews.
Best damn mehicano food in town!
I went here for restaurant week.  I was really looking forward to it and was sorely disappointed.   I liked the inside, but the food was mediocre.  I went with a few other people and we each had different entrees and we all felt the same way...a little sad.  The food wasn't BAD, it just wasn't WOW.  It was fun, but I would never go back and pay full prices.
The margaritas here are the best!

You have to pay for the chips & salsa, which kinda seems wierd ... but the chips are amazing and the salsa is awesome, so its definately worth it!

The chicken mushroom burrito is very good.  I get it everytime

This place has good, and very friendly service at bar & tables.
Overpriced. Nice staff, in spite of having to listen to the owner-or-whoevers stupid self-produced "country" music all night. That didn't help the dining experience much at all; I was annoyed after 15 minutes, I can't imagine having to listen to that all the time. The walk home through the silent construction dinosaurs on Willy street at night was more interesting than the food.
The Eldorado Grill has been a special place for our family for years. From birthdays to rehearsal dinners to anniversaries, we count on the Eldorado for great food, a fun atmosphere, and a very friendly staff every time we go there... and we've never been disappointed.

One of the reasons that the Eldorado is great is because you can find something that's appealing based on the mood you're in. Need some feel-good food? I'd recommend the chicken fried chicken (best I've ever had!)... Need some spice? Try some of the specialty tacos, enchiladas, or burritos. And by the way, DON'T MISS the Texas Torpedoes as an appetizer... there is simply nothing like them!
CRAZY overpriced unappealing boring entrees with a pretentious atmosphere...move on...  there are way way WAAYYY better choices in town.
Over 50 types of Tequila? I had no idea! There are actually tequila's that are triple the price of a bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne. Their selection of wine was also quite good. Alcohol aside, the pork chops were perfect. 2-3 inches thick and succulent. I wasn't all that impressed with the cheese enchilada, but that is more my fault for deciding to try something that I normally don't eat. So, the pork chop gets a five star!
Sunday brunch, 5 people, 11AM.  Restaurant was busy, but there was no wait for a table.  Let's start with the food/drinks: Bloody Mary was too garlicky, I only drank half.  Everyone seemed pleased with their food; huevos rancheros were well salted/spiced.  If this review only considered the quality of food, it'd be 4 stars.

Onto the service...our waiter was an EMBARRASSMENT.

* Our waiter neglected to fill our water and coffee throughout our visit.  It got so bad that my boyfriend grabbed the coffee and water carafe from the bussers' area and refilled our drinks on more than one occasion.  Somehow none of the other waitstaff noticed us either.

* Tables that placed their orders after us received their food before us.  Our meal took an hour in getting to the table.

* Our waiter never asked how the meal tasted or if he could get us anything.  It took us asking repeated times to actually get more gravy/syrup.

* Our waiter only visited our table 3 times and spoke no more than 10 total words to us.  Working in food service requires communication with your customer; this guy must have missed class that day.

* When the check came, we all had our cash on the table and one person had their credit card out.  The waiter walked up to our table, grabbed the credit card, without saying anything, and ran it.

I was excited to add Eldorado Grill to our growing list of good brunch spots to enjoy with out of town guests, but after this experience I will recommend going elsewhere.
I hadn't been here for years and was quite pleased to re-connect for a GREAT dinner on a Monday night. Not crowded...fast service and really TASTY food. The salsa sampler is still the best, however the SMALL portion of Guacamole was gobbled up much too quickly for the price. The Steak was perfect and the Bleu Cheese butter topping was decadent and delightful, as were the  collard greens and whipped taters!!!
I was a little disappointed with Eldorado Grill but definitely plan on going back to give it another chance because it had potential.
Oh gosh. Cinnamon-crusted french toast. That's mostly all you need to know.

Went for brunch and was pleased to find huge, tasty meals for less than $10 a person. I got the banana pecan french toast and was delighted to find that 'cinnamon crust' didn't mean some spices had been sprinkled on top of the loaf, but rather that the whole slice of bread had been dredged in a crunchy cinnamon coating. Delicious and a big enough portion to make into 2.5 or 3 meals if you get a side (I did - the house potatoes, which were well-seasoned and thinly sliced, but could have used a bit more crispiness for my liking). 

A friend got the pinapple-mango french toast and that looked amazing as well. She did a smart thing and ordered the fruit on the side, keeping the bread from turning into mush and making it perfect for leftovers. The other three people we dined with got egg-based things, and they all seemed happy. I'm not an egg person, so I didn't pay too close attention to what they ordered - Eldorado eggs, an omelette, and a scramble I believe. 

Service was fast and friendly, and at 10 am on a Saturday the place was pleasantly quiet and uncrowded - Saturday brunch is a newer addition to their hours from what I understand, but I imagine it won't stay half-empty for long. Going for brunch has definitely convinced me I need to check out lunch or dinner.
Busy place on a Thursday night, but they found us a table right away. Service was friendly and attentive.They charge for chips and salsa, but the chips are freshly made and arrive still warm at the table. I was underwhelmed with the quality of the beef in the fajitas, though my partner had no complaints about the chicken fajitas. Both fajita plates came with more than enough food. We couldn't have fit in any dessert if we had tried.
One of the better brunch spots in town, though I don't recommend trying for brunch without a reservation or you'll wait an hour or two in their hallway or hovering 2-deep at their bar. 
   Food has been good to very good every time. Nothing has ever arrived to me under or over cooked, ill prepared or lacking in flavor.  
    However I have more than once experienced trouble with their waitstaff being somewhat less than competent. Most recently, our waitress absolutely could not figure out how to split our (group of 5) checks, even though we told her right away before we ordered. Her attempts to fix it were so completely wrong and off base that it was obvious she did not have anything written down from what we ordered or asked or told her. She got a manager to fix it, and it was still very wrong. Not a little, a lot. Like, things no one ordered wrong. It was so horrible that after about 30 minutes of being really nice to her about it, we just told her to have her manager put everything back together, and we would sort it out. Stuff like that. 
    Food is yummy, even though it's a Food Fight restaurant, I keep coming back.
Great for Tex Mex. Had the chile relleno, which was great. The rice and beans were great. My friends had a plate with Eldorado's chipotle potato salad - AWESOME! The corn bread pancakes are a cool twist on just pain corn bread.
Killer Bloody Murder - a brunch beverage that is arguably the best bloody mary in Madison. When I was there I ate a smoked salmon, eggs benedict, dish that was also quite tasty. Tex-Mex has resulted in some unspeakable culinary crimes but Eldorado Grill does a good job making up for those atrocities.
BRUNCH-ONLY REVIEW:

Driving thru town, starving; needed brunch! I am really glad I decided to stop here. The food was delicious. And the portions large.

I had a biscuit+gravy dish (can't recall the name of the plate) with a fried egg on one half of the biscuit and a sausage patty on the other side of the biscuit. Very good! The gravy was perfect. My egg was over-easy and runny like I love, and the sausage patty was delish.

Also came with breakfast potatoes. Total: $10. Wooo!

If I were coming here again I'd definitely eat here for brunch again.
Come here for Brunch! Order the Huevos Rancheros.

I've eaten here for dinner and must say I was not impressed, but the Saturday and Sunday brunch is phenomenal--I rate it best in Madison. The Huevos Rancheros are the best I have ever eaten. (I tend to try huevos rancheros wherever I go and few can compare). Also exceptional--the biscuits and gravy, and the bacon. 

Note this brunch that I highly recommend is not a buffet style brunch, but everything on the menu is delicious.
I had been to El Dorado once about 12 years ago, and recently re-visted it for Restaurant Week 2012.  I have to say, the reviews I have read here that complain about a bad atmosphere, overpriced food, and poor waitstaff must've had a very different experience than I did.  First, we were seated quickly, even though we were about 15 minutes early for our reservation.  We were waited on quickly, and our food came out in the same manner.  I understand why some might complain about overpriced food, as some of the entrees are almost $20.00.  However, I like to think of myself as a thrifty consumer, and I believe you can easily come here and get an appetizer and entree for two people and be easily sated.  Just don't order too much food and you won't pay too much.  Simple.

Disclosure:  I. Love. Nachos.  

The pork nachos were out of this world.  Priced just under $8.00, they were plenty for two or three people to share as an appetizer.  They were a bit messy, but I'm not above finger/plate licking when it comes to delicious food. 

My dining partner ordered all vegetarian food, and she was VERY pleased with, a.) their  accommodation and b.) how tasty the alternatives were.   Great place to go if you're a meat-eater and your dining companion is a vegetarian.  Some of her food looked better than mine!

All in all, they had out of this world pork on each pork-centric dish I ordered.  The smoked pulled pork was fantastic, and I could barely finish half of the serving.  It comes with an unusual 4 sides (coleslaw, chipotle potato salad, pinto beans, and a light corn pancake).  Who thought this wasn't enough food??  I had two meals after taking home more than half of my plate.

The atmosphere was unpretentious, lively, and a great place to just have a chat with a friend.  Visit El Dorado soon if you haven't been there already.
Slow service, confused host; but great vibe for brunch w/ mimosas!
Eldorado is somewhere I think I like, until I go again and remember the mediocrity. I've given up on the pancakes(a former love of mine), because they are SO ginourmous, that they are always doughy and rawish in the middle. You're reduced to eating around the edges. 

So, my other brunch dishes have been alright, but I've I'm driving over to the East Side, I'll drive a few more feet and go to Madison Sourdough.
Still LOVE it here!!! I don't think my life would be complete without the fish tacos and the corn cake...mmmmmmm
Recently discovered Eldorado Grill, after 25 years of buzzing all over Madison.  Been there three times in the past 6 weeks, all excellent experiences.

This place is a combination of Southern and Southwestern, with some Central Mexico influences. Rather eclectic execution of all three cuisines.  

Read the menu carefully, and ask your server questions.  If you are lucky enough to be served by Walker, game on!  The guy taught me more about tequila in 10 minutes than I've learned in my 40 plus years of cocktailing.

Ignore the negative reviews, try the place and make up your own mind.   

Excellent Saturday/Sunday brunch.
Not disappointing. Start with some tequila - your knowledgable server will steer you in the direction of a taste sensation. Their special margaritas are pretty darn swell too (e.g. there was a spicy specialty that darn if I can't remember the name now). The pork dishes are just great (smoked pulled pork, Machaca burrito). I ventured out for the catfish this visit and really liked it - not overly blackened, just spiced and tasty with pickled red onions. The spinach and mushroom enchiladas were had by the wife - simply delicious mushrooms with verde salsa.

Good service. Only suggestion - give a guy some chips on the house. No kids menu but they will make smaller quesadillas, etc.
Hands-down the best breakfast (well, brunch) in Mad-town.  Yippee Hash is a personal fave, but one really can't go wrong with any of the dishes (I've tried about 8 and been happy every time.)  Be sure to get a side of their house-made chipotle puree - it's divine.

Be prepared for a relaxed dining environment, as you will not be rushed.  On the flip-side, you'll also wait a bit longer for your food.  The old-time country background music just adds to the western ambience.  So, kick back, enjoy the experience and bring a paper (or order a bloody) if you are the ancy-type.
I was visiting from out of town here after work with my coworkers.  
Nice place, food was pretty good.  I got the BBQ Peach Pork dinner WOW I was impressed!  I'd get it again, pork was thick soft and juicy.  Greens were not overly cooked and flavorful, the relish on top was cold and fresh and the mash potato was thick and creamy not like out of a box taste.  The apps were good and the drinks were even better.  We ordered and shared (2) slices of pecan pies, it was warm and a lot of pecans yummy!
Staff was friendly and helpful of the menu.
Since I was visiting, I'd go back and try other things.  My coworkers enjoyed all the "pork" orders more flavorful than the beef.  Tacos were good.  Not fond of paying for chips and salsa though.  I would think it comes with ordering a meal.
Long story short, I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat.

I visited after a recommendation from a friend. We had a Food Fight Restaurant Group gift card, so we decided to try Eldorado Grill.

The atmosphere is a southern/cool/cozy/modern sort of feel. It was loud, which didn't bother me, but might some people. Lighting very interesting. Just overall, the ambiance is unique.

All of the food we ate was great. The salsa had an interesting smokey flavor to it. (Ancho?) And as simple as the typical side dishes of rice and beans may seem, even those were fantastic! 

My only "gripe" was that the servers used plastic pitcher-like containers to fill up the salsa bowls at the tables. With the somewhat-upscale atmosphere and plating style, I didn't think that the plastic containers really matched well with the atmosphere. As silly as that seems, that is an inconsistency in the aesthetics that I noticed.

Service was great, food was wonderful, and I hope to go back soon!
The service at the bar was great along with the house margarita. The guacamole chalupas were outstanding! Next time in Madison, we will be back for sure!
I go here Quite Often for brunch.  Here is my take:
4 Stars. The Brunch Menu is very good. They Offer A Couple Variations of Eggs Benedict With A Southern Twist that I have found to be very good.  If You're in the mood for a Giant Breakfast Burrito go with the Gringo Burrito.  It's filled With Ham, Cheese, and Eggs.  Delicious.  The Breakfast Potatoes that come with each dish are to die for.  Highly recommend this place for Brunch.
There is always a hesitancy when I go to Food Fight restaurants.  Overall, I feel the restaurants in the group are hit and miss and I always find an excuse to go somewhere else.  Luckily, I threw caution to the wind and brunched it up a few Sundays ago.  Maybe I set the bar too low but left impressed with what we had.
As it is never too early to drink bloody mary's, EG serves up some great ones.  I had the spicier version (Killer Bloody Murder) and it fit the bill.  With housemade chili vodka, a mass of skewered vegetables, and a beer chaser, I was pleased with my selection.  I then followed it up with a mezcal and grapefruit drink called the Paloma which also didn't disappoint.
Now, onto the food.  As I like to eat myself into a food induced coma, I went with the Chicken Fried Chicken Biscuit.  Served with house potatoes, the chicken is topped with a fried egg, cheddar cheese and topped with a country gravy.  Yes, the calorie count was infinity but it tasted amazing.  My friend ordered the Migas.  She was a big fan.  Living in Austin, I feel they don't quite match up to the legendary dish served up at Ciscos, but they come close.  Starting with scrambled eggs with poblano peppers, onions, cheese, and tortilla strips, Eldorado steps it up and tops it with bacon.  
All in all, we had a great meal.  Overly stuffed, slightly buzzed.  What more can you ask for on a Sunday morning?
I've been here three times and the food has always been incredible!

This time, we came on short notice for dinner, right at the peak time.  We opted to eat at the bar and the bar tender was amazing!  Trying to single-handily serve the bar AND all drink orders for the rest of the restaurant....really not a fair thing to ask of a single bar tender in such a hot restaurant.  That said, he did an admirable job.  The kitchen was backed up a bit - they warned us ahead of time.  We had to wait a little for the food but, he comped us a beer and chips....cool!

hint:  call ahead for a reservation or, eat at the bar - full service menu there!
Last night we had a fabulous dinner at Eldorado Grill!  We went out with another couple who knew the menu really well.  We started with Texas Torpedo's...I'm not a spicy fan so I didn't have one but the other three at the table loved them!  I'm trying to make healthier choices so I went with the Thai Vegetable Fajitas.  They were fantastic!  Definitely plenty of food - great atmosphere and service.  I had three drinks while we were there (I'm making healthier food choice, not stopping drinking).  The first was the Iguana Margarita.  The melon flavored at a fun unique twist I'd never tasted in a margarita - definitely good, definitely strong.  Next I tried the Sangria.  It went really well with my dinner.  In the meantime my husband had ordered the 'Danger's Door County Cocktail' and I took a sip to try it.  Normally I would have stopped at two drinks...I immediately realized I had to had a Door County Cocktail of my own.  I'm not even sure how to describe it.  A tart, fruity drink that you know had a lot of booze but couldn't really taste that it was there...wonderful.  

The food was great, the company fantastic, service wonderful, and I would go back for all those things but I honestly will definitely have to go back just to have another Danger's Door County Cocktail.
I love this place.  It's our go-to place for dinner. The food is always good.  It's a challenge for me to try new menu items because I have favorites that I always want to reorder.  The margaritas are really tasty and can be dangerous if you're not careful.  The servers are knowledgeable and eager to please. The bar area is usually crowded but that's fine with me and part of the whole picture. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable.  I like that it's a little noisy.  I always make reservations.in advance.

Kevin Tubbs' cookbooks are also great and allow us to try to recreate the menu items at home.
Tex Tubb's food is better and less expensive.  While the food was presented nicely, I was not impressed with my burrito.  Pretty bland and the whole time I was just wishing I had gone to Tex Tubb's.  Although my margarita did make up some for my disappointment in the food.  Maybe the brunch is better here, but I definitely would not go back for dinner.
This place is pretty good for brunch. Tons of veggie options for us veg-friendly folk.

One of the biggest frustrations is the lack of variety in the menu. I've been a couple times, but it seems like every item includes: a corn tortilla, some veggies, and potatoes in one form or another. Even lousy Mexican restaurants find a way to mix it up with some sauces or variations in cooking style.

Drinks are great! They have chile-infused vodka that they make a lot of their drinks with. They also have a couple different versions of Bloody Mary's (one with tequila!). I would recommend trying one of the crazy ones if you go.

Otherwise, the food is pretty average. Yippie Hash is one of my personal favorites (also pretty healthy).
I've been back to Eldorado a handful of times since my review of nearly four years ago, and while it's still not stellar, it's not exactly awful.

The most recent visit was actually quite good. We sat outside on their covered deck; a light rain was falling - the mesh walls allowed for good airflow while blocking most of the rain.

Our server was prompt, friendly, and offered good suggestions. This was about the only visit where the service we've had was really good. I'd give our server 4-stars.

Drinks - solid, but pricey. Check out their happy hour, where certain mixers are just $5 and appetizers are half-price. Tap selection remains dismal.

Chips and salsa - meh. The salsa is still quite mild and has a heavy hint of smoke to it. Order-up to the guacamole - it's delicious. 

Menu - hasn't appeared to have changed in four years. We most recently had the goat cheese and spinach empanadas, which were tasty. The side of pico sealed the deal. We also had the fish tacos, which featured huge slabs of blackened mahi. I felt it was somewhat flavorless; the blackening seasoning was very mild. 

Prices remain high - even with taking advantage of the happy hour specials, we dropped $54 on 1 entree, 1 appetizer, chips/salsa/guac, and 2 rounds of drinks. 

So... I'll grant a bit of a pass and say that after 6-8 additional visits Eldorado earns three stars on average. The service aspect is critical; more often than not, the service is subpar, so be warned.
We stopped at Eldorado for a late-night bite and some margaritas.  It did not disappoint.  The drinks were very fresh (no margarita mix here).  They have a wide variety of tequilas and mixed drink options to choose from.  I stuck with the house margarita and some nachos to share.  I've heard brunch is very good.  It may be time for another trip to Madison!
Duchess!! "enough said"... and that their brunch is pretty incredible too...!!
Semi-vegan-friendly mexican food, great salsa and guac, everything else so-so.

Chips - 3 stars (not made fresh inhouse, or, if so, for shame)

Salsa - 5 stars (although I didn't like being charged for it -- should be included in the price of the margaritas)

Guacamole - 5 stars

Margaritas - 3 stars ("house" blanco is a bit off, the Sweetie's that was made with Chinaco was better)

Vegan quinoa stuffed poblano - 3 stars (white quinoa was flavorless, red/black quinoa would have helped as would a sauce/mole; black beans also needed more flavor)

Service - 3.5 stars (our waitress was very friendly but didn't really have any idea about the margarita ingredients)

+1 star for being a mexican restaurant with the word vegan on the menu (very rare!)

-0.5 stars for vegan items being only "optionally" vegan, using fake meat in the vegan chili, and not having a vegan dessert

+0.5 for stocking nearly every single mezcal

Although there was lots of room for improvement, I can't think of a better vegan friendly mexican restaurant (anywhere), so I think they deserve a 5 star "as good as it gets".
I visited for restaurant week, so I can't criticize too much for the rather slow service. Though I would think that a limited menu would make it easier to serve.

The Texas Torpedo appetizer is pretty good, with nice, thick cut bacon. Good balance between spicy jalapeo, cool sour cream, smoky bacon, and melty cheese. 

The adobo pork is absolutely delicious. Tender, full of flavor, and comforting. 

The horchata milkshake is delicious. Spicy, like eggnog, and sweet. The best part is probably the fried tortilla strips covered with cinnamon sugar.

Looking at the menu, I did think that their fare was a bit expensive. But I'll be happy to go back and try it again, not during restaurant week.
Went for brunch this morning with a group.  They take reservations and sat us on time.  The wait staff in general looked tired and possibly hungover, but if I was 10 years younger and without children, I probably would be too on a Sunday morning.  At any rate, they got the job done.

They offered a nice array of breakfast drinks. The Bloody Marys were adequately garnished.  I opted for the blueberry bacon pancakes.  Normally I am a bit of bacon purist and prefer my bacon on the side, but I was pleasantly surprised by the combination.

Many of the other brunch entrees looked quite appetizing, and if I go back, I would likely order one of the more Mexican dishes.
Sunday Brunch: The Chicken Fried Chicken is ah-maze-ing! If you're hungry (possibly hung over) and looking for some comfort food, this is the menu item to try. The biscuit is perfectly done (i.e., not dry at all), the gravy is awesome, the chicken is moist with a perfectly light-and-crispy outside and the egg is an added bonus in the mix. It comes with hash browns which are also wonderful! I'll be back!
2 stars but only because I'm still reeling from my tequila sunset. I've been here twice now & have yet to have a satisfactory review. The first time, I ordered the pork nachos & found myself munching on bones. Disgusting. Rather than take them off our bill, they gave us drink coupons for a future visit. Umm. I wasn't impressed the first time, an now you want me to come back? By the way, the margaritas were weak.

So I ended up coming back over a year later for a work brunch thing. The service was mediocre at best, granted we had a fairly large party - but with a reservation - so they could have been prepared. Hubbo ordered a breakfast margarita & it was horrible so he traded it in for a tap beer. I ordered smoked enchiladas. It was about 80% beans & 20% two of the smallest enchiladas I've ever had. Again, to make up for service, waitress brought by  EXPIRED drink coupons. Way to win me over El Dorado...
I love Mexican food.  El Dorado has decent food, but for the price there is much better.  Their guacamole is very plain and tastes more like mashed avocados with a scoop of Pico De Gallo on top, then guacamole.  I have had the fish tacos which were par for the course, and the braised pork adobo.   Portions of the pork were juicy and delicious, while other bites were dry.  It seemed as if reheated pork was mixed with fresh pork.

The service is slow and disappointing.  The guacamole came out fast, but the chips took 5 minutes.  The server decided to add chicken to the South West Caesar salad for my vegetarian girl friend.  After we finished our salad and guacamole it took thirty minutes for our entrees to arrive and being charged for salsa at a Mexican restaurant is just odd.

They do have a good selection of tequilas.
I go here all the time (just dinner, not brunch) and it is consistently delicious. A bit more interesting than plain old Mexican or tex-mex. Nice big chips and salsa to start, and yummy house margaritas (both marked down for all night happy hour Mondays), and then it's hard to go wrong with the entrees. My personal favorite is the lobster/shrimp/crab enchiladas, but I've also enjoyed the burrito, ribs, vegan Thai veggie fajitas, catfish, salmon, ... The list goes on.
After visiting El Dorado twice (once for dinner, once for brunch), I have deemed it to be a solid 3 experience on average. 

First of all, I realize that charging for chips and salsa is common around these parts, but really? Maybe if they actually had decent salsa and not just flavorless red liquid. The guacamole is great and even the pico de gallo is flavorful, but they fail miserably in the salsa category. I like that they offer a variety of cocktails, not just margaritas. And Tito's vodka is a nice touch! 

For dinner, I tried the fish tacos, for which I have very high standards. They missed the mark in that the pieces of fish were HUGE and not very well seasoned. They also needed an accompanying sauce of some sort. Happy hour specials were not bad, half price appetizers and $5 house margaritas. 

For brunch, I tried the huevos rancheros, which were pretty good. My brunch mate ordered the chilaquiles and liked them. Props to El Dorado for offering some great Tex Mex brunch options. I just wish the mimosas weren't $5.50!!!! 

Unfortunately, Madison's Tex Mex offerings are lacking in quality, but after living in Austin for so long, my standards are quite high.
Always one of my two favorite places for brunch in Madison! I have never been a huge fan of their dinner menu, but to be fair, I have not given it much of a chance--I'd estimate I've been for brunch 30+ times but only three times for dinner.

Killer Bloody Marias are the order of the day--Pepper infused Tequila mixed with the house-made bloody mix are amazing. 

As for the brunch menu--no misses. Breakfast burrito, Roasted Chicken Burrito (incomparable), and the Eldorao Eggs are all favorites. My wife loves the Yippy Hash if you're feeling veggie.

Got a group? Split a giant blue corn pancake and make sure to get the chile syrup to top it off.

Have another bloody maria (my wife prefers a Smoking Gun) and ease your way into an afternoon nap with a full belly and pleasant buzz...
Eldorado Grill first came on our radar when we tried their Texas torpedos at Taste of Madison. While there's not much new about a bacon wrapped jalapeno popper, their addition of shrimp and the just-right amount of cheese caught our attention. Our two visits to the restaurant since then have both been solid. My spice loving husband is a huge fan of the pork adobo, which although it is offered extra spicy, he finds the heat sufficient in the original preparation. The guacamole chalupas feed my love of all things avocado and cheese. As far as drinks, if you are a tequila fan, you can't go wrong with the 100% agave margarita. I like my margarita to actually taste of tequila and not just sweet and sour, and this margarita fits the bill. We liked it enough on our first visit to bring the in-laws back on their next visit to town- a high vote of approval!
I've been to Eldorado more than a dozen times and have always enjoyed the food, drinks, and overall dining experience. Not today. 

I met a couple friends for brunch at 10:30. There was quite a wait - 45 min we were told. We put our names in and headed to the bar. The bartender was friendly and attentive - the best part of our experience. We waited for nearly an hour before the hostess drifted over and asked if we'd be ok with being seated outside on the "heated" patio. Starving, we said yes. There was no acknowledgement of our long wait or even friendly chatter about how busy it was. Or any kind of estimate of how long it would be if we opted to wait for a table inside. She seemed annoyed with our presence, despite the fact that we'd had zero interaction with her at any point in the 60 minutes we waited.

While the patio is heated from above, it's drafty and not a pleasant dining experience for November in Wisconsin. We kept our coats on and looked at the menu. The waitress came over and took our order at about 11:50. We distracted ourselves with conversation for awhile, but when our food wasn't out at 12:15, I was in total disbelief that we'd waited as long as we had for a simple brunch meal. It finally came around 12:30 and we started eating. About 10 minutes in, my friend wondered if we could get some hot sauce. I couldn't spot our waitress on the patio, but a waitress from a different table was there bussing dishes away. Trying to get her attention, I said "excuse me..." She turned to look at our table and I asked if we could have some hot sauce when she had a chance. Clearly disgusted and not interested in helping, she rudely said yes and gave me the biggest, most deliberate eye roll I've seen in a long time. At that point, we decided the horrible service we were receiving was almost comical. The hot sauce never came, of course, and we asked for it again when our waitress reappeared. She did come back with it, but by then we were nearly done with our meals. 

We left the restaurant at 12:50 - almost 2 1/2 hours after we'd arrived - absolutely ridiculous for three people ordering Sunday brunch. I won't be back.
I really like the food here, but consistently the service is atrocious. The servers are rude from the get go as if you are bothering them by just being there. Several examples: the restaurant only had two other couples seated, so when a friend popped in and we asked if we could get a 5th chair for the table, we were told a manager would have to approve it (this took several minutes as the manager was out smoking). My boyfriend and I both ordered bloody Mary's at brunch, but I was brought a tequila sunrise. As someone with lots of experience in the service industry, I immediately and very politely asked to have the drink I ordered. She took the sunrise away, did not return with a bloody, didn't apologize, and charged us for 2 bloodys and the sunrise. I sat at the bar once waiting for a table and the bartender told me he does not transfer checks to the waitresses because he doesn't get the tips then. The food is amazing, but don't expect the service to be prompt or polite.
Bloody Marys are fully loaded with your daily dose of veggies and only $6.50. What a great appetizer. Their brunch is great for the following reason: blueberry and bacon pancakes. You're welcome. 3/4" thick, fluffy and peppered with blueberries and bacon-y goodness and topped with a pat of butter, you cannot find a better pancake in this town. The pancakes were also so big I could only eat one. I had to get the other one boxed up. The bf had the migas which were tasty as well. The menu had a lot of solid choices, so it was hard to make a decision. The point is, you can't go wrong with anything you order on Eldorado's brunch menu. I think I'm going to try the Mango Pineapple French Toast next time.
Hadn't been to Eldorado in a while, mostly because I lumped it in with its FoodFight brethren in the category of "Generally meh."

I was totally wrong. 

While there's still the FoodFight hallmark of style over substance, our entrees were interesting and excellent. Our server was outstanding with very friendly explanations, attentive refills of things and an overall nice pacing.

Very nicely done, y'all!
No free chips and salsa? You cannot brand yourself as Tex-Mex without this. It's a rite of passage. Queso? That's not queso. Don't order it. It's melted cheese on chips. No frozen margaritas? What nonsense is that? At least it's tasty. Those three things make this restaurant a no-go for Tex-Mex authenticity.

Those little mishaps aside, El Dorado has some charm. As far as Tex-Mex (food) in Madison goes, this place is pretty solid. I wouldn't say it's great, but I understand the appeal. The food is tasty, but as a native Texan, I crave chips and salsa, queso, and frozen margaritas. Step your game up, El Dorado.

As for the food, I had the spinach mushroom enchiladas, and they were delicious. The ingredients are fresh and well-cooked, and the presentation is spot-on. The margaritas were also tasty, but too many things threw me off about the restaurant for it to be one of my favorites in Madison.

Overall, I enjoyed the food, but it wasn't the experience I was hoping for. If they had branded themselves as a modern Mexican joint, I think I would have been pleasantly surprised, but by labeling themselves as Tex-Mex, they set themselves up for failure in my eyes (and mouth).


I heard the brunch is great, but I'm not too motivated to try it out.
Eldorado has the best margaritas I've had in Madison. Tex Tubb's is a close second, but Eldorado is the best. Check out their happy hour, the drinks are cheaper! You can even get discounts on neat pours of their amazing tequila selection.

I've been here quite a few times and never been disappointed. The drinks are great, the staff is wonderful, and the food is fantastic.

The brunch deserves its own paragraph. It's my favorite brunch in town. Good drinks and wonderful tex-mex food. I'm reading a 3-star review on the sidebar as I write this and I can't believe it. Someone complaining about no free chips and salsa (they're really cheap), the queso (which we've ordered twice and the waitstaff always explained was not normal queso) and the lack of frozen margaritas... seriously? If you want cheap, by-the-numbers big-box type mexican, go to Pedro's. This restaurant is for people that enjoy good food and drinks.

Sorry, back to the brunch. I've had half a dozen items off the brunch menu and loved every one. If you come here on Sunday morning, you might want to make a reservation because everyone knows what a great brunch they have and they all come on Sunday. 

It's a bit more expensive than your average Mexican or Tex-Mex place, but the quality of the food, drinks, and service is well worth it.
Excellent food.  Horrible front-end service.
I stopped by here partially because of the recent ROTD featuring Eldorado, and partially because I needed a margarita and tacos in my life anyway. I decided to check out the happy hour and it did not disappoint! 

I ended up having a (very stiff) margarita, the street tacos, and the bacon-wrapped and cheese/shrimp stuffed jalapenos (ridiculously good. seriously). Everything was delicious and came out to less than $15! 

Everyone in our group was super happy with their food and drinks and I think we will all be going back soon for more. Good stuff!
I've been here once before and loved it, and came here again last night for restaurant week. We made a reservation for 6 people, but had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table once we got there. The staff were very understanding, however, and gave us a round of free drinks as an apology! I had the pork stew, salmon, and pecan pie. Everything was delicious! Some friends ordered the jalepeno torpedos as an appetizer, and I really can't say whether I liked those or the pork stew more. The salmon was cooked well, but it wasn't at all Mexican. The pecan pie was also delicious, but at that point I was so full from everything else that I could barely eat it. Some friends got the Mexican coke float, and it was oddly spicey. I didn't care for it, but some of them really liked it.

The portions were big, everything we ordered was delicious, and the staff was very friendly. The cocktails were also really tasty, I definitely recommend getting one if you come! 

I can't wait to come back! I heard brunch is good too, so I want to try that next.
Bless me Food Fight, for I have sinned, it has been 15 years since my last visit to Eldorado Grill...

Years ago, while living on the east side, the Eldorado Grill was one of my favorite haunts.  But after a couple of less than satisfactory experiences left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended), I stayed away from this Food Fight stalwart for over a decade.  That changed this week.  After a scheduling snafu precluded our group from our first dining option, someone suggested Eldorado instead.  And after a very satisfying Restaurant Week experience, I am definitely a fan again.  The kitchen turned out some extremely satisfying food that has me itching to make a return visit.

While I am more of a wine guy, the extensive cocktail menu at Eldorado really caught my eye.  After discussing several options with the server, I decided on the Smoking Gun, an intoxicating concoction of infused chili tequila, Scorpion mescal, fresh lime and a splash of bitters.  The smoky finish of the mescal paired up well with both my appetizer and main course.

While the bland tomato salsa was nothing to write home about, the fresh guacamole ($5.95 for a MASSIVE serving) was a hit.  The ingredients were well balanced and it had the chunky texture I prefer.

The kitchen hit it out of the park in the appetizer course.  The Green Chile Pork Stew was the essence of Tex-Mex cuisine in a cup.  The slow cooked pork was melt-in-your mouth tender and the cumin sour cream gave the dish a pungent, earthy finish.  The roasted green chilies added satisfying warmth.  I wish the tortilla strips were a little thicker to provide the dish with some textures.  The thin strips quickly lost their crunch when mixed into the stew.

The exceedingly tender, thinly sliced brisket was another solid Tex-Mex offering.  Slathered in a slightly spicy sauce with a kiss of smoke, I found the dish to be extremely satisfying.  The serving size was on the large side, which is exceedingly rare during Restaurant Week.

The sides were hit and miss.  The smoky chipotle dressing gave the potato salad a perfect hit of spicy heat.  The savory green chili pinto beans were perfectly prepared, but could have used some green chilies.  I was less of a fan of the under-dressed slaw - it would have benefited from some of that wonderful chipotle dressing.  I also thought the cold cornmeal pancake was an odd choice - give me a slab of cornbread next time.  

Dessert was a bust for me - I ordered the Mexican Coke float (homemade mole ice cream and Mexican Coke topped with whipped cream).  What was missing from that description was the fact there were peanuts in the ice cream and I have a severe peanut allergy (which ultimately led to a date with my epi pen later that evening).  Our server never checked back with our table after serving the desserts, so I was not able to get a different dessert.  That was the bad news.  

The good news is how the restaurant responded when I contacted them the following day.  I received a phone call from Taylor Anderson, the restaurant general manager and I shared my concerns about unexpectedly finding peanuts in my dessert.  Taylor immediately volunteered to comp my meal.  More importantly, he modified the Restaurant Week menu to indicate the inclusion of peanuts in the dessert, which won my respect.  Things don't always go right, I totally get that.  The response to said adversity by Eldorado Grill won my respect and made me a fan.  It definitely will not be another fifteen years before I make my next visit.
I'm so grateful that Ashley recommended us to visit Eldorado Grill for restaurant week! We managed to get seats within 20 minutes of calling. They set us down promptly and we quickly got settled with drinks and snacks to start! 

I love our starter - this gigantic bowl of guacamole and chips. The chips came out hot, so either they made their chips (hurray!) or they heated it up at least. The guacamole tasted delicious and we could stop getting more. Took 2 baskets of chips to finish the guacamole among 4 people (Thanks Ashley!).

There was a myriad of drinks and if you're a fan of Tequila, you're in for a treat here! Onotse got Mojitos (2 actually, since it was that good), Ashley got a honey ginger alcoholic mix and Matt got a smokey tequila cocktail. Everyone enjoyed their drinks! 

So, restaurant week - for serving so many people of the same dish, I'm impressed. The Green Chile Pork stew was PERFECTLY done. soft pork that tears apart with the fork, the green chile was aptly spiced, not too hot but keeps you warm. LOVE IT. Onotse got a GIGANTIC salad for only $1.29. and it comes with lots of spinach, walnuts and some other things. Ashley got the jalapeno poppers, which looked just like bacon wrapped dates but instead of dates, there's jalapeno. She said she would get it again, but you should share it with some other person.

Main dish, most of us got the smoked brisket. It was alright for me, not over the top, but the dish was a hearty meal. Lots of beans, lots of salad (no dressing), nice potato salad, lovely corn pancake (in place of corn bread). And the brisket was served on a piece of bread. Lots of meat to keep you full. But I was expecting more like braised beef, instead of spam-like texture? Definitely not something I would pick up again..

Finally, for dessert, I got the pecan chile pie. I didn't like the crust since I'm a cookie/graham cracker crust fan.. Also, there was no obvious chile spice in the pie.. tasted more like pecan chocolate pie. It was alright. Matt got the mole root beer (mole ice cream), but sadly it had peanuts so the rest of us got to try it. It was REALLY spicy. Don't think anyone can finish that lump of spicy ice cream. spicy and cold at the same time, what an experience!!

There's covered outdoor seating in the summer as well!
Liked this place a lot. Hands down an impressive place for brunch.

Vegetarians rejoice. There are so many non-meat options on their brunch menu. And most of their meat options can be made vegetarian. They have the classic flap jacks and French toast but also Mexican inspired brunch options. Yum, yum, yum.

I went with the Eldarado eggs but got my eggs over medium instead of poached. It was served with a side of really delicious potatoes and a salad (which I didn't care much for but I'm not the biggest fan of salads). My meal was pretty close to perfect. The eggs were done just right and were nicely complemented by the corn cake. My meal was washed down with a well made mango mimosa. They even have "brunch" margaritas on the menu. Cause brunch at a Mexican restaurant will not be complete without margaritas. The other parties at my table at the breakfast burrito and the migas. They also both had the bloody Mary and had raves about it. 

The general consensus at the end of the meal was that Eldorado Grill is a must visit AGAIN for brunch. There are so many other things that look amazing on the menu and I can't wait to try them!
You'll love this place if you enjoy delayed gratification and sporting layered winter looks.

Pros:
- pretty tasty food
- extensive drink menu
- honest server

Cons:
- freezing (but hey, it's winter)
- hour long wait for food to arrive, even though the restaurant was empty
Update as of 2/6/14...

Tip: sit at the bar if you can, the service will be more prompt and attentive, and it's a bit more warm (in the winter months)

Tip #2: ask for the extra spicy Blazing Saddle margarita. It features an even spicier infused tequila

Tip #3: visit during happy hour (4:30pm - 6:30pm); two margaritas and two beers were less than $15

Looks like the menu has been slightly revamped; the bar menu features some street tacos that looked absolutely superb. Alas, I was off to Tempest for dinner, so there wasn't any food consumed during this most recent visit.
I love the atmosphere of this place and the service is always great. I have heard such great things about their brunch but I have not yet gone for brunch yet. I can speak for the dinner though. Their margaritas were really goood and cheaap (it was some sort of special). They have a huge menu. The enchiladas and meats were good.
Read in Madison Magazine that this was one of the best brunches in town. It definitely didn't disappoint!

Our small group enjoyed every item we ordered - including the great bloodied and screwdrivers. The blueberry and bacon pancake was a hit as was the ElDorado Benedict with smoked salmon and potato pancakes. Fun place for a casual, social gathering and the menu is loaded with things that sound delicious. Definitely recommend this place for brunch and will be heading back soon to see what other deliciousness we can find!
Stopped in at El Dorado Grill for brunch this morning and we were not disappointed! We did not have a reservation so we waited about 20 minutes at the bar. I got a mango flavored mimosa that was pretty big and only $5.75. The brunch menu is big and includes a few lunch options as well. The gluten free options are labeled - there were about three of them but they could probably modify some of the other options if you asked. I had the "Migas" which was scrambled eggs with peppers, tortilla strips, lots of cheese, onions, and corn. The "Migas" came with 2 slices of bacon, breakfast potatoes, and refried beans. My boyfriend had the "Gringo burrito" and said it was great as well. The service was a little slow but everyone was very friendly. There is a pretty big parking lot for customers but it fills up quickly, you can also park on the street. I will definitely be back!
Brunch = A+
Dinner = A
Drinks = A+
Service = C

Brunch: reasonably priced (all dishes under $10), lots of vegetarian options, fun atmosphere, great food. I brunch with a group of friends at eldorado about twice a month. I always get the killer bloody murder and the chicken fried chicken biscuit. GET THE CHICKEN FRIED CHICKEN BISCUIT with an extra side of gravy. You will not regret it. It is completely worth the extra two hours you'll need to spend on the treadmill. 

Dinner: certainly pricier than your average tex-mex spot, but just make smart decisions when you're ordering (i.e. if you think $12 is too much for a quesadilla, then don't order the quesadilla). Recently had the chicken fried chicken dinner plate, since I already knew I loved it. Dining partner had the brisket, which was also amazing.  We started with the green chili pork nachos and both absolutely loved them.  

Drinks: margaritas are made from scratch (the bartender himself juices all the limes), and they are only available on the rocks or straight up. The brunch margaritas are a little fruitier than the regular margaritas but are very good.  I personally always go with the bloody.

Service: total hit or miss. Half of the time the service is borderline nonexistent. It's annoying, but we usually feel that the food and drinks are worth the wait. Plus, if you kindly inform them that you are waiting on service/haven't yet seen your server, they are usually pretty nice about it and try to make up for it. If you have a small enough group of people, sitting at the bar is the best bet for fast and attentive service. 

Always make reservations, even for brunch.
Oh man, oh man! Eldorado is absolutely amazing!! Easily one of the best brunches I've had in Madison.

First, let me preface my review by saying that I normally avoid Bloody Marys like the plague. Despite my propensity for alcoholic drinks, it's probably my last possible choice. In fact, I'd probably choose water (ewww) over it.

Anyways, given the massive hype its Bloody Marys have gotten, and by hype, I mean my friends constantly talking about how it's the best thing ever (eye roll)... I decided to give them a chance.

My Bloody Mary arrived with a sampler of beer (starting things off right already), and was pretty delicious. Of course, it's not the best thing ever like my friends claim, but it was pretty damn good. 

The fact that I highly enjoyed it should say a lot already. It was perfectly spiced, and had enough alcohol to counterbalance the normally overwhelming mix. 

For food, I got their Texas Two Step, which definitely lived up to its name. There's nothing more Texan than two ginormous buttermilk biscuits topped with a fried egg, cheese, bacon, sausage and gravy. I have never had something so delicious, yet so, so terrible for me.

I definitely plan on coming here more often, so who knows, I might even start ordering Bloody Marys elsewhere (yeah right).
Love this place! Get corn quesadillas!
I love this place, great brunch, great dinner (you have to try the chicken enchiladas... The crispy ones with the sauce on the side, Delish!) and also the perfect place for a tequila fan... I thought I'd never drink tequila again after Cancun, but I just can't stay away from it at Eldorado. 

Doesn't help that I live and park directly behind this restaurant... The smell from outside is enough to make me crave those enchiladas paired up with a good margarita on the rocks!
Arrived early to Eldorado Grill on a cold, rainy Monday evening to take advantage of happy hour. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and the wait staff, and found the place mostly empty and quiet around 5 p.m. We took seats at the bar. My Eldorado classic margarita was just the way I like it -- not too sweet, lots of salt on the rim, clean bright lime flavor and made with Patron tequila. My companion enjoyed the several Shiner beer varieties, served very cold. The food was superb. I was allowed to make several substitutions to my entree, which was no problem at all. The bartender serving us was attentive, accurate and timely with our orders, relaxed and personable. The guacamole is very good, and my blackened shrimp was delicious.
Delicious and great service! I hadn't drank anything all day and was draining my water every few minutes. My server was on top of it, filling my glass constantly.

And the food. Oh wow was it good. There were 4 of us and we were all happy as clams. I got the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were amazing. They have corn tortillas, and are grilled and crispy. The sauce comes underneath. Others god the lobster, shrimp enchiladas. Also grilled. Also awesome. I also got a bite of the blackened catfish. It had a nice burn to it and was cooked to perfection -- flaky and melts in your mouth.

I will definitely be back to try the pulled pork.
Good food at a reasonable price!  Bloody Marys are delicious!  Watch out!  They're spicy! Our server had a bit of an attitude but that probably won't keep us from coming back.
Horrible service. We arrived and were told there was a 30 minute wait, or we could sit and eat at the bar. We were happy to sit at the bar, which was not crowded. The bartender did acknowledge us, but never asked us if we wanted a drink or a food menu. He waited on a few people, never again looking our way. About 10 minutes go by and he walked over to a few girls at the bar and started flirting with them. We got up and left. Bartender never noticed. Would not go back.
HIT THE TRAIL FLAP JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKS!
(They're where it's at you guys!)

Eldorado and I didn't get off to a great start, but I'm here to tell ya, because of the noticeable improvement over the past 3 months, I've come to really enjoy the place! 

It takes some incredible leadership to cut through choppy waters and redirect what I decided a year ago was a sinking ship, and before I dig in and talk your ear off (your eyes off?) about the best pancakes you'll ever consume, I have to single out Eldorado's GM, Taylor, for being so interested in the success of the restaurant and implementing a wealth of feedback from the community. E-hug, buddy! 

And now, those cakes. 

I have consumed more Hit The Trail Flap Jacks in the month of May than I care to admit. I've also had more conversations about these rounders with various people than I care to admit. (Seriously, I have talked A LOT about these pancakes.) I really don't understand how something as simple as batter could taste so good. Maybe it's the addition of pumpkin seeds, pecans, almonds and raisins? Or maybe it's the cherries, apricots or red chile butter that's dolloped on top? Maybe it's the texture, which honestly you guys, is mind boggling good. They're fluffy, but hearty with a crisped outer edge and cake like insides. And they're HUGE. A serving of two is substantial. But you can also get one as a side if you're looking to add a little meat to your morning and want some strips of bacon or sausage, like I did last time. When I learned that you can order just one cake, my world changed. Changed!  

People always tell me Eldorado has one of the best brunches in town, and because of a few rocky encounters right after I moved here I sort of dismiss everyone and decide they don't know what they're talking about. But I've had brunch, several times this month, and I can safely say this will be your new favorite spot. The menu is extensive and spans traditional American and more tex-Mex inspired plates on par with their dinner menu. The added convenience of being able to make a reservation on Sunday morning ROCKS. And though it's small, the outdoor space is lovely when a breeze blows past. 

Make a reservation for Sunday. 
Get some Hit The Trail Flap Jacks. 
Explain to me why they're so damn good.
The food is DELICIOUS. It has an elevated Tex-Mex feel.  Everything is beautifully plated which (in my experience) is somewhat rare for Tex-Mex cuisine. The menu has an extensive variety of options.  Everything I've tried has been great.  

Onto the DRINKS!  They have an incredible, unique selection of drinks to choose from. These are some of the best drinks I've had anywhere in Madison.  The bartenders are talented drink mixers. 

My ONE COMPLAINT about El Dorado...the bar is very busy during dinner on a weekend.  Every seat is taken and the standing room around the bar can be very crowded.  No problem...I can handle a crowd.  The problem is that there are only 2 bartenders behind the bar serving the people at the bar AND people seated at tables for dinner.  It takes FOREVER to get a drink...which is sad because they are so delicious. I came for dinner with a large group, and almost everyone gave up after the first drink because they were tired of waiting and trying to get service at the bar.
Love: The decor, the vegan/vegetarian/gluten free options along with classic BBQ, the overall theme of the place, nice staff, fabulous house margarita.
Meh: The food was good, but not "we spent thirty bucks on our meal" good, the rice was scooped onto the plate like mashed potatoes, table was a tidbit rickety making for a few light spills.
Hate: Nothing I could really hate with this place to be honest. Everything was between 'meh' and 'love,' definitely earning a solid four stars.

Advice: Check in with Yelp and get a free bowl of chips and salsa, try the house margarita if you drink alcohol, and keep in mind that the portion sizes are, for me anyway, the perfect amount of filling. Not painful, just, satisfied and full.

Note for gluten free folks: Note on the menu mentions something about things coming into contact with gluten being a possibility in the back. Good to know before you go if it's a big dietary restriction. 

Vegetarian/vegan options are expansive.
I was reading my old review from a few years ago (can't believe its been 7 years) and I thought I would update. My wife and I both love the Eldorado Grill - have been here a number of times over the years and have always enjoyed ourselves. Good food, good service - lots of fun.

Recently we tried their breakfast with some friends. Very yummy. Traditional items as well as some with some spice and some original ones too. I've also returned many times for their Brisket which is always good.

The place is a bit small - but we've managed to not really had to wait very much. We tend to avoid high traffic hours/days though so keep it in mind and make reservations if you can.
Good "Mexican" food.  Fast.  Cheap.  A great place for lunch or a quick dinner.  The breakfast, though tasty, has a pretty small menu.
This restaurant is a staple for the Madison west-siders.  It's nestled among all the cute-ass shops on Monroe, reasonably priced, and extremely tasty.  The annoying things about it are the stupid flags for crossing the street outside and the fact that my cell phone mysteriously doesn't get reception in the place.  However, the chili cheese dip and speedy service far make up for it.
Even though this isn't the most authentic mexican food, it's still my favorite in Madison.  It's fast and cheap, and pretty flavorful.  I really like their tamales.

My only problem with it is, for some reason, it's always cold in there, and my food is always a tad on the cool side.

I miss the Atwood Ave. location, and hate hate hate the new hilldale location.   The atmosphere there is hideous, and mcdonalds-y, even though it's sit-down.
We have been to Pasquale's 3 times in 10 days. 
First time I had the fajitas burrito and it was fantastic, Second time I got the tostado.Which was ok., yesterday We went back to have lunch and I got the fajitas burrito again hoping it would be just as good. It was ok
Overfilled, onions weren't cooked enough as were the pepper's , Needed to be recognizes more.

Granted they were busy and training new people so that pay have been a problem. We will definitely  come back.
Don't overlook the regulars
Delicious, fresh, simple Tex-Mex, Mexican food.  Don't confuse this kind of Tex-Mex with Pedros -- think a fresher mom & pop Qdoba. The brunch is DELICIOUS I dream about the guacamole.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.
Ah, Pasqual's.  This is THE place where my best girlies and I go for our weeknight, post-school decompression sessions.  Why?  Well, the food is pretty good (fresher ingredients and less greasy than most of the Mexican restaurants in Madison), and the margaritas are dangerously strong and yummy.  The service is fast, and if you order a basket of chips and queso, they'll perfectly tide you over while you wait for your entree to arrive.

The Monroe Street location of Pasqual's also has a great atmosphere (that, in my opinion, is not replicated in the Hilldale location).  Noisy and social, with a nice combination of small, two- or four-person tables and bigger communal tables.  It just feels like a friendly, neighborhood place.  And the din in the main dining room has always been great enough to drown out any loud shrieks of laughter or shock that emanate from my own table as we relive the pleasures and horrors of scholarship at UW.
solid tex mex faire. nothing too fancy, just decent food at a reasonable price. 

though, i will give an little extra credit for a fantastic salsa. it has a mild grilled veggie flavor to it that compliments their food really well. 

i can't say much for the dining experience since we opted for take-out to watch a movie at home, but it seems like everyone there was pretty pleased and the staff seemed on-top of things well we waited for our order. 

next time i'm passing through town, i may just stop in for the whole experience.
Delicious Tex-Mex on a fun street.  Right next to a lovely park along Lake wingra.
I've been going to Pasqual's for the past 15+ years.  First the one on Monroe, then they briefly had one on University Dr. in Middleton, and I have also eaten at the one in Verona, the old one on Atwood, and the one in Hilldale.  Growing up, we went to Pasqual's as a family every Friday for dinner.  I even worked at Pasqual's when I was 14.  Worked there a day, then they realized I was 14 and underage to work there, so I was let go.  My point is, I know Pasqual's really well.

It's delicious Tex-mex.  It's not trying to be Mexican, and it isn't.  The ingredients are fresh, it's not greasy, very quality food at very cheap prices.  Some of my favorites: chicken enchiladas with red sauce.  I have had the green sauce and the mole, and the red is still my favorite.  Get it will blue corn tortilla.  I usually order the "single dinner" and get it with black beans and pinto beans, no rice.  It's a big serving of food, and if I can't stop eating it and finish the whole plate, I'm in major pain.  I also enjoy the Jerk Chicken burrito (a la carte, the burritos are huge).  The taco salad is decent, not super amazing, and the nachos do not hit the spot like nachos should.  Get a basket of chips w/ salsa and guac when you first order.  Your dinner will be ready before you even finish the chips.  The salsas are so good, and you can buy them at Woodman's..  The margs are amazing: not too sweet, not too sour, and very strong.  

Pasqual's is very casual, kinda laid-back, very "Madison."  Every time I'm in town, I always go back!
"If you were falling, then I would catch you. You need a light, I'd find a match. Cuz I love the way you say good morning. And you take me the way I am..."

This perfect little song was playing in Pasqual's as I walked in for the first time about two months ago on a Wednesday afternoon. I had just received some really, really good news from my doctor and although everyone else was at work, I had to celebrate. Margaritas at noon? Why not? The woman at the counter was extremely helpful and friendly as I perused the menu to find the best celebratory lunch. A chronic un-decider, I finally settled on two enchiladas: one chicken, one beef, one with red chile and one with green chile. Done and done!

"If you are chilly, here take my sweater. Your head is aching, I'll make it better. Cuz I love the way you call me baby. And you take me the way I am..."

I found a great spot by the window, surrounded by healthy succulents and cacti, a howling coyote sculpture and an armadillo carving. I waited patiently with my pink plastic mum--this notifies the food runners where to deliver the orders. The margarita was completely fresh and well-balanced. Somehow, in my cozy lunch euphoria, I devoured the whole plate of enchiladas with beans and rice. I finally had my appetite back, and what a great place to replenish my food credits!

Thanks Pasqual's! You fed my heart AND my belly.
Ugggh.  That should be enough for this review but I'll explain a little more.  This place just sucks.  The food is mediocre and I'd rather eat taco bell for the price.  Why does everyone go gah gah over crappy texmex?  Oh it must be the margaritas, cause alcohol makes every taste perfect.  I will never waste another night trying to stomach this crap.
Fast, reasonably priced. Not particularly stand out. You should really just go to Taqueria Guadelajara, but barring that...

Bottles of Sprecher's available for purchase (usually get a cream soda). My friends like their margaritas, Their rice and bean sides don't really do it for me, but if friends want to go I know I'll always enjoy a half order of the nachos  (which is plenty for me) with red chili pork.
Met my bf and his parents at Pascuale's for dinner on Friday evening.  If you're not from Madison and have never been to Pascuale's before, the lack of signage indicating if you should hop a sit at an available table or wait in line-should you encounter one, was a little confusing.  Despite the 2 minute aimless walk-around while we figured it out, we took a seat and then went up to the counter to order our food.  The delivery was prompt, with each entre enclosed and delivered with a cover to ensure the arrival of warm food.  I ordered the chicken fajita taco dinner which was good, but not worth elaborating on.  How can you mess up a chicken dish anyways????  To wash it all down, I had one of their "known-for" margaritas, but may I suggest to anyone or everyone else, please deviate from the orange-flavored margarita.  Orange flavor needs to stick with cough drops and screwdrivers.   

When it's all said and done, go outside, step to the crosswalk and participate in the crosswalk flag system and cross on over the Michaels's Frozen Custard for a root beer float.
Ahhh, this brings back memories or walking down to lunch from High School.   We swung into Pasquals for lunch and while it was not as good as I remembered it was still delicious.  

I got the good old Taco Dinner with shredded beef and I love shredded beef taco especially at Pasquals.  Honestly, I cannot say anything bad about our lunch at Pasquals except it was good food (still not he best but very good).   I also loved the Nachos that had mass amounts of cheese melted to perfection.  When you get Nachos and do not have naked chips left over is always a plus.
I'm a fan! I had the fish tacos. He had two enchiladas. Delicious entrees and sides. Too bad I didn't bring my id so I couldn't try the margaritas. The food was hot and delicious! We will definitely return.
This place is mediocre at best.  I've been to both locations (Monroe and Hilldale) a combined 3 times and everything I've tried is just.... blahh.

To be fair, I only order burritos.  I've tried a few now and they are just so dang bland.  Tonight's order, a chicken burrito, came with meat, a little quacamole, and some onions.  WTF?

For $7.50 or more, you should be able to get a tasty, properly seasoned burrito.  The best burritos in the world cost about $6-7 at taquerias in the mission district of SF.  I'd rather pay less for a far superior burrito from Chipotle, Qdoba, or even Taco Bell (at least save money).
The food here is decent. I think it was one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Madison. If I ever stumble through Wisconsin again, I'll have to give it a try.
As far as Madison's Mexican food scene, this place is pretty good. The salsa and chips were unremarkable but the Anasazi burrito I ordered was tasty (certainly a step up from the La Bambas and Taco Bells of the world). My main complaint would be the price, which was a little excessive. They have more options than a chipotle, but the burrito was fairly similar to Chipotle quality, except that it cost basically two dollars more. I'm not sure the extra money is worth it if you're just going to order a dry burrito.
I've been a fan of Pasqual's burritos for years, and I always hit this place up when I'm back in town.  The chicken half commuter (half a burrito=perfect lunch size!) is my staple, and they're always very good about not putting the beans in it like I ask for.  They recently moved to a new location on Monroe which is smaller than the original, but the space is very well-decorated.  Don't waste your time with the yuppified Hilldale version--the Monroe St location is where it's at!
Loved this place! I am from out of town - here for our son's graduation from UW Madison grad school - and, as a native of New Mexico and a student of Mexican food throughout the US, I can enthusiastically recommend Pascual's. Nothing fancy, but good nonetheless. This is a fast food place - think Qdoba or the like - but service, price, and food are all well above average. Very busy tonight by the way, which seems in opposition to the so- so Yelp ratings. Try it!
I was so disappointed.  I have loved the Pasqual's at Hilldale Mall for years, but this was a reheated, poor quality, experience.  Had fish tacos and the fish tasted very old.  The rice was reheated and had chunks of old rice in it (c'mon how hard is it to make fresh rice each day?).
Back when this place was in Minneapolis, I was a cook there.  We had fresh great recipes and it was "new" - quality mexican food before Qdoba's and all the big chains were around.  The food was fresh, lots of good flavor and unique beverages and treats.  Well...Pasqual's ended up in Madison and, it's just as good as I remember from when I worked there.  We go for work lunches.
I'm not a lover of their food, but the neighborhood location and two-for-one margaritas make up for it. Sort of. They have two good things on their menu, IMO: the nachos and one of their beef burritos.  

All in all, I'd rather drive a little further and get some authentic Mexican from Laredo's at half the price.
Pasqual's is an all-around average experience that will disappoint only in regards to the fact that it resoundingly fails to impress on any level. I am not a fan of their tacos or burritos, but nothing I have had here could be described as "bad." The ultra-Americanized unoriginality of Pasqual's Mexican food is rivaled only by The Taco Shop.

I keeep coming back to it because the nachos are really where it's at. They're incredibly crunchy and flavorful with a decent seasoning, reminding me of the now-forgotten tortilla chip kings of Taco Heaven. Heaping portions of cheese, beans/meat, and veggies make this dish into a paragon of Mexican fast food.
Had lunch on 2/17/12. Was one of the best experiences in a while. The new location is very nice, plenty of seating. Service was quick and very good. We ordered a veggie taco, nachos, and a beef enchilada. Good portions, well made, and hot. The ingredients was fresh not from a bag. The black beans were cooked and not spooned out of a can, like so many restaurants. All three choices were well done. We will be back again soon!
Good food.   Good service.   chicken quesadilla  is made very well. One of the best I've had.   Chicken was moist, not dry.  Tortilla was unique, crispy and flaky.   Tasted really good.
Awful.   Ordered enchiladas.   Tortillas not properly prepared.   Bland, dry filling.   Sauce lacked seasoning and good flavor.  What a sad enchilada sauce.   Beans were bland and should have been refritos, but were not.   Cardboard seems more appealing.
So sad to rate Pasqual's this low...but you get two stars for proximity to our house and 1/2 priced margaritas.

While adding table service is quite nice and convenient with the kids, the service and quality have not improved as it should with a sit-down restaurant.  The food continues to be pretty inconsistent and is most noticed in your soups.  One day it's thick like stew and the next it's watered down.  Yes, I order it enough to notice.  Please stop serving "old" looking guacamole in the plastic cups!  In fact, get rid of the plastic cups for the salsa too.  Looks tacky at a sit-down place.  Also, bringing our food out on plates with hospital cafeteria covers does not whet my appetite.  I'm left wondering, how long has my food been sitting around steaming while we're chowing down on chips/salsa and ordering our second margarita.  Lastly, how can you possibly charge $1 more on kids meal for ordering fries!  You hardly give the kids any food as it is!  We never even get offered the kids drink that supposedly comes along with the meal.  Seriously, I'm starting to feel ripped off!   


Final test, does management from Pasqual's even read their reviews?!
I travel frequently for office work and I like to try local restaurants as much as I can.

Was driving around monroe street and got into this one for dinner. Thanks to the catchy sign board. 

It has a typical but nice ambience of mexican bar. I was accompanied by my Boss who is Belgian and likes mexican cuisine. Were served by a cute and helpful girl.

A bit disappointment on food taste. My plate looked really nice but did not taste very well. Drinks were really nice though. One of the best Shangria I ever had!
The main thing that needs to be said: this place naming itself after the famous Pasqual's cafe in Santa Fe is a hideous joke, and probably legally actionable.  The food at these two Madison stores is bland, dry and generic, and does not even vaguely resemble even the most mediocre New Mexican food available in NM and CO, not only in quality and taste, but in basic style.  

In fact, the green chile burritos wrapped in foil in the hot cases at virtually any convenience store down there are a large cut above this.  It's hard to call this food even a poor imitation of New Mexican food in general, much less the world-renowned creations of the chef at the real Pasqual's.  Boo!  

If you even remotely like this, or any other so-called Mexican food available in Madison, do yourself a favor and buy a cheap plane ticket to Albuquerque... you may not even make the return trip.
Dunno what people are beefing about.Best SW Mex food in town, tasty,delicious guacamole, wonderful extra-hot salsa, and a variety of meat and veggie dishes--and a more than ample dinner for two for twenty bucks--a great food buy. Service was pleasant and efficient, nice atmosphere. Definitely recommend if you're around the Monroe St. area.
Okay, it's all good...not the best but not the worst. I've lived in California, so I'm going to take this moment to be a snobby baby about my Mexican food.
The tortillas are good!
Also, try the blue corn pancakes with pine nuts and orange syrup!! 

Great ambiance, bring your kids.
We like Mexican food - most of it is vegan and we both like that, so we thought we'd try something new and do Pasqual's on Monroe.  Very disappointed!  First of all, the place was not even half full on a busy restaurant night, not a good sign.  The bathroom was disgusting - the toilet seat was actually sticky - yuck!  and messy - like I said in other reviews - if the bathroom isn't clean, you can bet the kitchen isn't either.  There was a loud bunch of drunk college kids at one end and loud music so the noise level was way uncomfortable.  The salsa/chips were good and food OK, but I had an upset tummy the next day.  Service was adequate.  I noticed lots of moms/dads/kids in there also.  The decor was nice.  But we'd never go back and would not recommend it. The one good thing was it was cheap
Love the margaritas.

The food is very inconsistent.  Several times when I ordered the chicken fajita burrito, there was barely any chicken.  Very disappointing.  The Monroe Street location used to have a huge problem with consistency of the food at the old location, but cleaned up their act at some point.  It seems that the same problem is back now.

The prices have gone up a lot in recent years. Not much of a value for the food that is served.  A dinner for two with margaritas will top out around $50.  Seems a bit high for average tex-mex.

I hope Pasqual's can step it up a bit.  It's a nice tradition for the Monroe St. neighborhood.  Would hate to see it disappear!
We met some very old friends at this restaurant a few weeks ago for lunch and had such a wonderful time - staying for well over 2 hours - never feeling rushed or pressured to leave.  The food was ridiculously good and so well priced.  Our server, Mark, was all smiles, friendly, and exceptionally attentive.  The decor and atmosphere was so authentic and relaxing we did not want to leave.  After arriving home to Chicago, we realized we left a very special gift on the table.  When I contacted the Pasqual's, Benjamin Roberts was quick to assure me that they had the gift I left behind, and Mark  very carefully wrapped it up and mailed it to me. I really felt that these guys have a "we care about our customers" attitude.  Our son is a Freshman at UW Madison so we will certainly be back!  Can't say enough about how good the food, service and value is at this outstanding restaurant.
Tried the location at Hilldale awhile ago, way better than this place. Came in on a Sunday for brunch, started off ordering a bloody mary which had to be made with their garlic infused tequila because they were out of vodka (what?). The menu described the $8 drink as garnished with lots of toppings, when I got it, it had a lemon and lime. I took one sip and discovered tequila is not meant for bloodies, so I asked for a coke in return. We were told we wouldn't be charged for the bloody, but once the check came and the $8 for it was still included, our server told us it couldn't be removed from the bill because it had been made, but to take it off of his tip (again, what?).

Food was decent, but my order was messed up and I was already feeling too needy to have it sent back. Also a bit pricey - chips and salsa aren't included with meals. I would not go back to this location.
While I prefer the Monroe Pasqual's to the one at Hilldale, it's still just OK. 

Maybe it's irrational but I just can't get over having to pay for chips and salsa, especially when the salsa comes in a tiny to-go container. I mean if I have to pay $3 for what is normally free, it should at least come in a decorative bowl, right?

The burritos were all right. I got the commuter so I could try two smaller burritos (they were still huge). I'd recommend getting the "cowboy" burrito so you can get some chili sauce on top. It gives the somewhat bland food a bit of a kick. 

I agree with some of the other reviewers that counter service would be a better value here than table service. I'm not sure we'll go back - but it was worth trying.
Not my cup of tea. I got the guacamole burrito, which, albeit is probably not their specialty, was a wrap with lettuce, tomatoes, and gobs of guac. I'm an avocado fiend but this was sorta the pits (see what I did there?). Not big on flavor.
The only good thing about this dining experience was the actual taco. The rest of the food was blah, including my cocktail (beans, rice, chips, dip)
The restaurant wasn't full, but was so loud that it was hard to have a conversation. Our waiter wasn't very friendly or forthcoming with service (we had to ask for water and then leave the money on the table because he was busy talking to coworkers)
I picked Pasqual's because it seems to be a favorite of a lot of Madisonians but I can't figure out why. I wouldn't recommend it!
I'm not one to write reviews, I figure if I frequent enough it should always be the same or maybe better, not in this case.  I have been to both Hilldale and Monroe many times and usually always have the Huevos Racheros, and every time I get the same response to my asking for poached eggs, "we don't make poached eggs here."  

 I don't have a problem if it's not listed on the menu * eggs made the way you like them*  Now, it's usually a hit or miss depending on the server, but this time just rubbed me the wrong way, and the way our server said, well you may have gotten them at another location but we don't serve poached eggs, we only have a grill here."  What, a kitchen doesn't have pots for boiling water?  

The food was great, service was lousy, and inconsistent, and if you put a statement on your menu ALL your locations should follow suit.
Here I am, sitting at a table with my buddy at this location, writing this review because we are bored. It is 6p on Sunday, and this is the worst service that we've had in a long time! I only see two waitress in the whole place (one is the bartender), and we need refills. By the way, they don't have ground beef? 

It's now been 1 hour since we ordered, and nothing. 

Finally got our food. Nothing special. Expected better! Took forever for our bill. We won't be coming back anytime soon.
Overall, I really  like Pasqual's. First of all, my old man and I went to New Mexico on our honeymoon, so anytime I see green and red chile on a menu, I always order it. It's nostalgic. :)

I also  like that Pasqual's is laid back, affordable, and makes hella strong margaritas. (really, they'll knock you on your ass, so be careful)

The Monroe Street location is warm and inviting. The food is great and I appreciate the option to have smaller portion sizes. I like that I can get a filling meal for only 7 or 8 bucks. Combine that with half-price Margaritas on Tuesdays, and you have one happy (and drunk) Elise M.

I don't like that Pasqual's charges for chips and salsa. It's always bugged me! I could understand charging after the first basket or something, but the fact that they make you pay when all other Mexican restaurants in town don't, is kind of lame. Also, some of the items on the menu are bad. For example, one time I had the black bean soup and it literally tasted like partially blended canned black beans. No flavor. Lacked salt. Gross. Another time, I had something with pulled pork that I didn't really like. However, most times I think the food is pretty tasty and it seems fresher than the fare most other Mexican joints in town. My go-to order at the Monroe Street branch is the chicken tamale with green chile sauce. I get the black beans and rice on the side. It's nummy!

NOTE: I've been to the Hilldale location 10 plus times in the past 5 years, but I never **really** liked Pasqual's until I tried the Monroe St. location only recently. The Hilldale one is loud and echos a lot. It always feels cold, and I seriously think the food is not as good. I actually used to somewhat dislike Pasqual's until I went to the Monroe St one. So, if you've only been to Hilldale and not been impressed, then give Monroe St. a try before writing it off completely.
Been a fan of Pasqual's for almost 20 years. I last ate here when they were still across the street from Michael's up the way. It's nice to see the food hasn't lost a step and is still a lighter and fresher take on American Mexican fare. I miss the free parking, the slightly more cozy atmosphere, the ala carte options, and the more price-friendly counter service of the old place, but I'm glad the basics are still in place at the new location. Hopefully they'll continue to keep me as a fan for the next 20 years.
As far as fast food is concerned, Taco Bell isn't all that bad.  I usually get two of the chicken soft taco frescos - they're lower in calories, and not terribly bad for the 'ole diet.

However... this location irks me for a number of reasons.  Allow me to recreate a few visits (all from the drive thru).  I only know the dates because I looked them up via online banking.

Visit on 9/14/12:
TB: "What's up?"
Me: "Excuse me?"
TB: "Aw yeah - whatchya' need?"
Me: "I'd like two chicken soft taco frescos?"
TB: "Cool.  Cool.  What else?"

Visit on 10/2/12:
TB: "Hey, how's it going?"
Me: "Fine, thanks."
TB: "What's new?"
Me: "Um, can I place an order?"
TB: "Sure you can."

Visit on 10/10/12:
TB: "What's up?"
Me: "Can I place an order?"
TB: "You bet."

Never once have they greeted me with a, "Welcome to Taco Bell, may I take your order?"

I'm not sure why they're trying to be so hip/laid back/cool - it's a Taco Bell ferchristsakes.  I'm not buying a Billabong shirt or a surfboard - I'm ordering a dollar-something taco from a drive thru at 7:00pm on a Tuesday.  

Knock off the casual crap and just process our orders, 'ya dig?
Standard tacobell everything was warm and tasted like it should. Was quick also, and the soda had the mix right.
Amazing Tacos! Try the taco 12 pack and mix the Doritos Locos Tacos with the regular. My favorite is the Double Decker Taco! MMMM!
I normally just use the drive thru. I always have a good and fast experience (except if the person in front of us orders 40 tacos). Person taking orders seems to be always pleasant and gets the order correct.
Tacos here suck. The shell is always broken and I have found cut fingernails in the beef. Stay away don't need to be jumped by gang members here who spit their fingernail clippings into the food.  Be careful and can I take your order please?
Taco Bell is what it is, rating the food is senseless. You like it or you don't. Since I'm a vegetarian, I appreciate their 7-layer burrito with 7 layers of everything but meat. And their crispy potato taco. For 89 cents, it's a basic taco with some seasoned fried potatoes, some sauce, cheese and lettuce. It's not gourmet, but I love it.

Anyways, forget about the food. The employees in this place must be making a hefty salary because ALL of them are ridiculously sweet. They are quick, but always eager to find out how you're doing. "don't feel like cooking today?" she asked me tonight "wow, I love your tattoo, how long did that take?" he asked me last time. "have a good night sweetie" I hear as I take off. 

Good ol fashion personality. Love it.
Pretty tasty, but for some reason they have the most squishy beans in the world. It's like... a muddy paste of beans, nothing like what the beans could have been. The shells were broken on my tacos, so I normally stick with Chalupas at this location. I'm a little ashamed just to admit to you guys that I go here. Vegetarian fast food options are limited. :(
I like the food but I always get the runs? Please wash your hands.
This place sucks. It reflects the ghetto area surrounding it. The cashiers are loud and annoying and don't have a trace of customer service etiquette  And I'm pretty sure some of them actually bring their kids to work with them...expecting customers to babysit them. 

There is almost always some weird, drunken derelict sitting near the restrooms. And the teenagers that hang around are always talking trash about other people they know.
Filthy from corner to corner . Went to the restroom to wash my hands and backed out due to the smell. Customer service is pathetic.
I agree with the previous comment. This place is old and dirty!! I can't say anything wrong about the service because I don't really care about that ... Lol
Food is really good. Service is terrific. The bartenders are fantastic. Try the shrimp fajitas. They offer other Mexican dishes in addition to fajitas. If you like frozen margaritas order them with Cuervo Gold...don't use the pre-mix frozen unless you get a shot of tequilla added to it. Also, they cook everything right there in the open. Be prepared to smell like a delicious fiesta after you leave.
This place is really 3 stars, but because it brings me a sense of nostalgia, I will be generous and give it 4.  3 of us guys ordered 1 1/2 pounds of meat- Chicken, Beef and Pork. 

I thought it would have been carnitas, however it was more of a pork chop.  Chicken was great, and the beef was just eh.  The best part about it all were the thick, delicious homemade tortillas. Delicious!!! 

A tip that we have always done since high school- switch out the pico de gallo with guacamole free of charge. Use the salsa from the chips and salsa and you are all set. Squirt some lime on your fajita and bam, you have the best tasting fajita this side of the I-17.

Pretty reasonable and tasty and for sure filling, just beware you will smell like what you ate for the next 18 hours after coming here.
You have gotta be kidding me reviewers!  This place was neither tasty or satisfying, It wasn't cost effective, it wasn't great service. It wasn't even good food.

Let's start with the salsa. There is nothing chunky or spicy or fresh about it, It is sweet tomato sauce with a bit of onion in it. If this is salsa Ragu missed the boat by -this- much. It is most certainly not prepared there and is the absolutely worst salsa I have ever been served. I took one dip and I asked the waitress if they had any other types of salsa available. She said no. My partner said "it sort of grows on you," so I dipped a few more times and all that grew on me were questions as to how a Mexican restaurant was calling this salsa. I was considering an exit strategy, but we decided to let the food determine our visit.

Looking around the place, it was near empty, except for a large family table, a senior age couple and another couple our age who were also visiting for the first time. I know because they were asking all the questions I had about the menu. Interesting layout allows you to watch the cooks plate up the food. This can either be a great experience or a fearful one. Good lord how many onions are being put on the sizzling plate? What is being poured out of a deep frying basket over them? I don't think this bodes well.

I ordered the half pound Beef Fajita. My sizzling experience was that of two cups of undercooked white onion, one ring of green pepper and a tiny ring of red pepper. Sliced Fajita meat that was charred and chewy perhaps dropped in the fryer? Tortillas which were completely uneven in thickness and sizes (I guess that means they are homemade, right?) They were almost too cold to fold and were damp from being steamed warm I think. EW. Still I was hungry and going to make this work. My condiment plates shredded cheese was fused together as if someone had scooped it partially melted with an ice cream scoop. The sour cream was plentiful but warm. I desperately wanted to add the chopped tomatoes to the salsa bowl, it seems they belonged there, but there were only enough of them for one Fajita so I didn't. The only way I was going to get these fajitas to be remotely tasty was request some lime. Fortunately I was able to secure some juicy wedges which helped. My partner said they liked the beef jerky meat, but it's not what I had in mind. At all. That's ok, the border dinner was sure to please them, right?

NO. It should have been left at the border and denied entry into the states. The congealed enchiladas held the fork in an upright position and refused to be edible. The charro beans were only edible if you pierced the plastic shell of dried beans on top and dug out some bite from the middle. My partner who loves rice didn't even scoop a bite of the spanish rice a roni provided. The dinner salad was a wilted ranch dressing mess and was useful only to put on one of my fajitas. I thought it would add some crunch. It didn't. We stared at the fried tortilla cup that held the queso. Under the skin the cheese heart was beating. Seriously, it wanted to live! It would shudder periodically as if something was swimming beneath the surface. Heat, I imagine, is all that made it percolate, but we had reached a stage in this dinner where we knew it was a bust and everything became fodder for jokes.  I am never going back and I thought others should know that Outback and Lone Star are in the same vicinity. Make a better choice.

$33 dollars. 

Wasn't it 33 pieces of silver that betrayed Jesus? These positive reviews were a Judas kiss, folks.
Fajitas isn't a great Mexican restaurant but I think they do good fajitas.  Its a good place for a group of people to share a bunch of food.  I really like the shrimp fajitas.
Fajita's turned out to be pretty good actually, but "pretty good" mexican food in a land of bountiful mexican food is a restaurant that is not trying hard enough. Still they've been open for 22 years so it's clearly not bad mexican food.

One of the things holding this place back from a higher rating in my book is price. Let's face it folks, fajitas are made with cheap cuts of meat, in the case of beef fajitas almost always skirt or "flank" steak. Yes that's right, the same thing that a lot of places pound flat to make it tender and fry as Chicken-Fried Steak. Fajitas are just a way to make a tough piece of meat edible, and the price of $23.00 for a pound of fajitas is no bargin.

Still, we had the pork fajitas and they were tender and tasty and you can believe that the freshly made tortillas are a treat. However the condiment plate or "Molcajete" is a deceptively small portion of cheese, tomatoes and sour cream on top of a bed of green cabbage. Good stuff to be sure but not enough to get you through a half-pound order of fajitas. No problem you say, just ask for more which they happily bring to you at an additional $3.50 charge. Kind of insulting actually.

The salsa is fresh, despite what Danine D. wants you to believe. It is finely chopped and is not very hot but it is very flavorful all the same. We greatly enjoyed it.

As an appitizer we had a Fajita Pizza, a large flour tortilla covered in cheese, fajita meat, jalapeno slices, onions and olives all baked up crisp and delicious.

The service was excellent despite the servers being seated with a party of 13 and two parties of 20 the same time we came in. We lacked for nothing.

The kitchen is in the centre of the restaurant and you can watch them preparing your fajitas over mesquite wood fires. We saw no fry fats present but the cooks do use fry baskets to cook the shimp in over the fire, allowing the wonderful smoke to add to their flavour.

We liked the food well enough, and if we are in the area and hungry we are likely to return. But it is quite aways to go for us from Gilbert to get "pretty good" food, and as I say it is not really much of a bargin. Still Fajitas gets good marks for flavorful food, friendly staff, and a good concept.
Service is great.  Food is great.  Don't get anything but the fajitas if you go, though.  It's called Fajitas for a reason.  They make their own tortillas on the spot.  Make sure you get a side of beans for your fajitas; it kind of brings it all together.  Without the beans the fajitas are nothing special.  But with the beans and the salsa.....aaawww yeaaaaah..  Also, the cheese dip (queso con chile) is really good.  Mmm.........
The curious case of the disappearing review. I'm sure I've reviewed Fajita's before, but it seems to have vanished.

Fajita's has some spectacular lunch specials. I give them 5 full stars for their lunch, not so much for dinner (much more pricey), which some how I've determined equals out to 4 stars.

So, go there for lunch, munch on some tasty fajitas on the cheap. Being a vegetarian, I thoroughly enjoy the veggie fajitas for a mere $5. They make their own in house tortillas, which are unique and very good. They also include their tasty chips & salsa for every customer.

Awesome lunch spot.
A great place for group celebrations, Fajitas serves up its signature dish in 1/2 pound increments, including chicken, beef, pork, shrimp and vegetarian. Served with sides-- lettuce, salsa, cheese, pico, etc-- and warm tortillas, the fajitas always taste great. There's little reason to stray elsewhere on the menu, other than appetizers and additional sides.
Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! 

and out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) 

As we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... 

right after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) 
and out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! 
The Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... 

this place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. 
in the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... 

we shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... 

i like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
This is one of my favorite valley restaurants. Everything is awesome from the queso to the fajitas - not to mention the homemade tortillas. We always bring out of town guests and they always rave about it  wishing they had one in their home town. Salsa is homemade w/ a great kick. I know they have other items on the menu besides fajitas, but I have never tried them because I can't get past the fajitas when deciding - they're too good!
Absolutely love this place!!! Only complaint I have would be the tortillas used to be thick and fluffy and now are pretty flat. But other than that this place is amazing.
This restaurant has been serving my family for as long as they have been open. They have GREAT service, GREAT food, and despite a recent change in grenadine, great SODA. Recently, when they changed grenadine, and we expressed our dismay, the waiters BOUGHT a bottle of old grenadine to use when we came. Now that is not just SERVICE but FRIENDSHIP. 
The food is oh so tasty, homemade tortillas are addictive.. I often stop halfway through consuming my 1/2 pound chicken fajitas with extra seasoning to thank the heavens for the food before me, becuase it's THAT good. Sour cream, chicken, cheese, and salsa are the perfect innard for a fresh tortilla. Always warm chips barely need a little salt, delicious salsa.
Also serve awesome cheese enchiladas, respectable cheese crisps, and are SUPER family friendly, although I miss the days of balloons for kids. (See, I've been going here what? 20 years?)
Love it!
Was in town for Wrestlemania 26, and decided I would celebrate my Birthday here! Started with a fresh Fruit Daiquiri, and then another.. Lol. Ordered some guacamole and chips, which I really liked! We ordered a bunch of food and shared! Everything was Authentic and fresh! They found out it was my Birthday and brought me a huge chocolate covered cupcake which sealed the deal for me! Would also like to note there open kitchen made for a little entertainment!
This has been a family favorite of ours for years and years.  The only entree we ever get are the family-style fajitas.  I'm sure the rest of their food is great, but their fajitas are the best we've ever had!  They come out sizzling on a hot cast-iron plate with sauteed onions peppers, and are served alongside homemade flour tortillas.  You can't get any better than that!  Great, now my mouth is watering....
I love this place. I have been going here for years with my Dad and I have to say that they have consistently served good food with a great attitude. The meat is good , I'd suggest the Cadillac if you like beef. The salsa is also excellent with just enough kick to make it perfect. They also have different flavors of tea which I like since I am a big tea drinker. While this place isn't high class dining it is a great time and the food is great.
I found the food excellent, but keep in mind this isn't typically Mexican food this is Tex-Mex which is a whole different variety. 

Our waitress was fantastic, and talked me into getting the melted cheese on the side. It was quite tasty, indeed it has a bit of skin but generally if you cook cheese or milk included products into a liquid quickly it does get one..and personally I didn't haven't issue about it. 

The menu isn't extensive, it would be nice to have a bigger menu but with how accommodating the are, you could probably something off the wall and they'd be willing to do it.

I ordered the bean and cheese burrito, which is delicious, and large. 
Its a fatty, and I loved it. 
When asked if they cook with lard the hostess had an immediate answer and listed what they used to cook everything with. I was so happy. Most have no idea, and aren't very polite if you ask. She was very friendly like everyone else we encountered there.

I was told that the Steak was perfect, and mr.hard-to-please was filled up (had left overs) and stayed that way the rest of the night. Which was great. The salsa has an interesting flavor, and I must I dig it. I"m not a big fan of mexican rice so I didn't partake in eating it, however the fan of mexican rice at the table liked it, (but not as much as the fajitas) 

Conclusion - Excellent Staff, Great Food (Its Tex-Mex..not just Mex so bare that in mind. There is a difference!) Atmosphere reminds me of some place that would be placed in a Tarantino film. Price is average sit down if not a little high. Expect 2 people = over 30 dollars.
We stopped here for the first time after a day on the boat and none of us were in the mood to be picky.  Even with this being the case, we were all quite disappointed with the food here.  This certainly is NOT Tex-Mex.  It's the type of mexican food you would expect from a school or nursing home cafeteria.

The salsa is little more than pureed tomatoes with a little chili pepper to give it some heat.  There's no flavor to it except raw tomato.  Adding a lot of Cholula made it tolerable at best.

We ordered the Cadillac Fajita's,  The steak itself was quite tasty, but it was disappointing that $25 fajita's only come with tortillas, sour cream, pico de gallo, and cheese.   Guacamole, Rice, or Beans are all extra.  The tortillas were inconsistent in shape & thickness.  They were all some sort of oblong and a little crunchy on the outside edges.  The onions and peppers were served completely raw with only the heat of the fajita plate partially cooking a small portion of them.

Spanish Rice was made with converted rice giving it the texture of rice pilaf.  This is a gross way to make rice that can sit around for a LONG time.

One of the gals in our group ordered chicken soft tacos... they were so bad she only ate 1 and left the rest.

The only thing that gave them 2 stars was the service.  Our waitress was very friendly and there when we needed her.
The veggie fajita lunch special here rocks! It also comes with free chips & salsa (although their salsa has absolutely NO spiciness, hence the 4 stars).

For vegans, get the:
veggie fajitas, no cheese
substitute guacamole for the cheese & sour cream
optional: a side of fresh jalapeno's (75 cents)

They tell me their tortillas are vegan, containing just flour, baking powder and one other non-animal ingredient (can't remember what they said).
Fajitas is by far the best place for.....fajitas.  The homemade tortillas are some of the best in the City.  I am not sure if any of the other mexican food is even any good here because I have been going here for years and only order the Cadillac and Chicken combo platter of fajitas.  The salsa is very good if you like fresh tasting salsa that is very runny.  The guac isn't always very good but the meat and toppings go well with the dish.  The atmosphere is supper casual and the bar sits in the middle which isnt very large but this place gets super busy in the evening and there is alot of energy in the place.  I have been going here for years and I cant think of a single time the service was not fast and great.  I highly recommend trying it out if you are in the area.
Went here with family. We heeded the previous advice and stuck to only fajitas: chicken, pork and veggie.  My vegetarian aunt and uncle assured me theirs was quite good. Chicken was good, my pork was a lil dry/overcooked. The fajita itself was fresh and excellent as advertised. The strawberry margarita was also tasty though short on rita
Came here for a B-day lunch for myself and the whole family. I think it was 16 total. No problem. They basically gave us a whole section to ourselves, which was great for all the little kids we have. 

Why Fajitas?? I have been to this restaurant w/every person that has ever been in my life. So, it is very nostalgic for me. The good news, is that the food is still delicious. We had beef, chicken, and shrimp fajitas. The tortillas are still homemade, and the guac. is some of the best. We also shared two cheese crisps, and they were nice and crisp also. 

The salsa is boring, and the place could use a deep cleaning, but I still love the place, and I'm sure I will be back.
It was the most Horrible Mexican food I have ever put a fork to. I asked for a Shredded beef burrito and my wife ask for 2 soft Tacos, 1 Chicken 1 Beef. When I dug into my burrito, NO MEAT just all tasteless dried, re-fried beans. TASTELESS. Then my wife said her Taco's where bland and had a funny flavor. The meal was pretty bad. Save your Money and go the Chipolti Mexican Grill and get better tasting food and a better deal. Fajitas is just plain bad food.
Been living in the valley for ten years now, have driven past Fajitas a million times, it wasn't until Jan this year that I ventured into the joint with some friends who gave this place 2 thumbs up! Let me tell ya I wasn't let down! The kitchen is opened; anywhere you sit you can see what's going on. The tortillas are homemade!!! That's right homemade! They are not your thin gonna crack when you fold them in  1/2 ones either! They are on the thick side, but its perfect for your fajitas & toppings! I'm sure they have items on the menu, but I couldn't tell you, I have been twice and haven't made it past the steak fajitas, but friends have ordered the shrimp fajitas and they don't do not skimp out on the shrimp! They also give you a plate that has pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream for your toppings but you can also ask for the guacamole, which I heard is good, but I haven't tried it myself yet. Service is good and friendly & we got a table pretty fast for being a Sat night.. Definitely plan on going back!
I was thrilled to be able to come to Fajitas for my friend's birthday lunch. This restaurant has been around for what seems like eons and a very fitting venue to celebrate the big 4-0! In fact, this place was a regular haunt of mine for years and I even had my 17th birthday party here (with my friend Kari the now 40 year old!).

We had a party of 16-Kari's family, her parents, siblings and their families. We were seated at a long table and the first thing I noticed is that the decor is exactly the same as it was since we were in high school. The menu changed a little bit, but the salsa and chips were the same too. We had a nice waitress, the iced tea was great and we ordered cheese crisps to start and as a table ordered beef, chicken and shrimp fajitas along with a couple of sides of guacamole.

The cheese crisps arrived first and were incredible. Ivy, if you are reading, this is a must have cheese crisp!Better than both Macayo's or Garcia's hands down. Light, crisp and fabulous. In fact I liked the cheese crisps better than the fajitas! The fajitas arrived, the shrimp had good flavor but were small and shriveled looking and obviously overcooked. The steak wasn't as good as I remember it and realized we didn't order the more expensive meat (cadillac) so that could be why. The chicken was perfectly cooked and really good. The tortillas are great-these have been around since before Chevy's hit the Phoenix area and I will admit the guacamole was delicious and quite the surprise. I was thrilled at how good the meal was and even more thrilled to be celebrating with my friend at a place that has so much history within our friendship.

For those of you who are Fajita's newbies-here is a warning. This is the type of restaurant that the food smell sticks to you inside and out. I knew we were coming here so I had planned on what to wear-even down to the bra I traveled in and knew I would be doing laundry before I packed to come home the next day. Yep, long running joke about Fajita burps, farts, and clothing and they are all true so beware! Years ago, they didn't have a product like Febreeze. Now that they do, makes eating here a lot easier!
My husband and I tried Fajitas tonight for the first and were sorely displeased. Our drinks were mediocre, the salsa was terrible and our food was completely disappointing. The service was good, but we felt like the waitress was rushing us. Overall this was a poor experience. If you are looking for good Mexican food I would recommend Valle Luna. It is far superior.
I would have to say that this place is as "american" as you can get when it comes to "mexican" food.  The fajitas are ok and have a decent flavor to them.  I wanted a little more than a pile of onions though, think about adding green, red and yellow peppers also...

They gave you chips and salsa when you sit down which is nice but the salsa is very mild and when I asked if they had a spicier salsa they said no but gave me a bottle of Chalula to help.  One good thing is that instead of flour tortillas I asked for corn and they had them, not many places do.  Our waiter was great and made sure we have pleanty of refills on our drinks.
The first time I went to Fajitas was before the Internet was around and long before Yelp was invented. I think it was 1988. I don't live in the Valley any more, but I try to get by Fajitas each time I return. The food is as good now as it was then.

Bottom line, the place is called Fajitas - so order the damn fajitas!! Don't waste your time on something else on the menu... I usually get the shrimp Fajitas and they come with a solid pile of guacamole, sour cream and cheese. The tortillas are homemade and delicious. The chips and salsa are good as well. Maybe a little mild on the salsa, but that's better than too hot in my opinion. 

My visit last week included good food and good service. The prices are a little high if you get the 1/2 lb fajitas but you may well have enough to take home for a snack later on.
The queso is ridiculously good... seriously. And the homemade tortillas are also outstanding.

Aside from that, everything is average at best. As mentioned by others, this is Americanized Mexican cuisine. This is not autentica comida Mexicana, mi amigos!

We had been once before and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Hence making it a point to visit again on our most recent trip to Arizona.

We started with the chips and salsa set for the table - delicious. I ordered a bunch of queso for the table, and I started with a Tortilla Soup. It was hilariously underwhelming. I made the joke that it was kitchen scraps, and it looked the part. It was light tomato broth with a bunch of vegetables, a gob of cheese and a small corn on the cob on top. Yes, a small corn on the cob is on top. It was lousy and I wouldn't recommend it.

We ordered a pound of chicken fajitas and a half pound of vegetable ones (thanks to the vegetarian fiancee). It went surprisingly far for five of us... but the veggies weren't grilled much, which is sad because they were otherwise delicious. Also, the chicken fajitas only had one piece of green pepper and one of red on top. It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).

Daniel E. wrote in his review the same concern, that there should be "more than a pile of onions," that he expected at least some green, red or yellow peppers. The fajitas were good and quite filling. The accompaniments were decent - cheese, lettuce, sour cream and the like. Nothing fancy, certainly no frills.

So much potential, but it fails on almost everything. It's a true shame. This place needs to be on Restaurant Impossible with Robert Irvine... badly...

This time around... the service was really lousy. And my fiancee found a bug deep down in her water. Very disappointing. The waitress first replied confirming what size bug it was, and then explained it and claimed that "we're not dirty, it's just the food smell." Then she apologized and walked away. We think she deducted a soda from the final bill... but nothing else. A bug!

And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.

Sad to say that we may likely not return in the future. I'm not sure if our family and friends in the greater Phoenix area will either after the bug incident.
The fajitas are awesome, which makes up for the fact that the place is not very clean.  Also got queso dip which was.not very good.  Also was disappointed by their beer selection.  They had advertised $3 drafts, but their only choices were bud light & amber bock...no Mexican beers, kinda strange.
I heard Fajitas was good if you like....you guessed it...fajitas. As I do indeed enjoy yummy fajitas we decided to check it out on Mother's Day. We had a party of six, so the less than 10 minute wait on a busy day like Mother's Day was impressive. 

The smell walking in though, funky. I'm not quite sure what it was, but it smelled strange in the place til we were seated next to someone that was just served the hot and steamy fajitas. It was much more pleasant then. 

We ordered, it's a lil pricey but not horrible and everything looked great. Their chips and salsa were decent, the service was decent and the fajitas were good. The homemade tortillas were definitely the best part. Even the kids noticed the difference. 

We did have a super yummy dessert. I'm not all that eager to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed to it if someone else wanted to go there. There are other Mexican restaurants I like better though.
Shrimp fajitas and fresh tortillas make up for the lousy sides and the okay salsa. Best shrimp fajitas I've experienced to date although that may just be the MSG. Wish they would step up there sides though.
Wow, this place misses, by a loooooong shot.

Food wise, this place should be rated zero stars, but the server was SO nice and did such a great job, I had to bump it up. If I could rate service alone, I would give this place four stars.

Here's the breakdown.

I've been here probably over a dozen times over ten years, and it's pretty much always the same. Ambiance is ok, clean but dated. As others have mentioned, the only thing to order here is fajitas, and I did, preceded by a cheese crisp appetizer, which I read was great on Yelp.

In short, the simplest stuff at Fajitas is the problem. Their 'salsa' is literally tomato paste and maybe some powdered garlic? It is truly bland and tasteless, remarkably so. It's almost like jr. high cafeteria lady dropouts are making the salsa, it is just a train wreck. I asked our server if they had a hotter (read: flavorful) salsa, and he brought over some hot sauce.

The fajitas arrived and they were fair. Portions were good and tortillas were fresh-ish. For some reason the fajitas arrived with raw onions and a trace amount of bell peppers. Maybe i'm doing it wrong, but I was accustomed to grilled onions and peppers- and this wasn't that.

The service was the shining star at this spot. Our server was awesome, very attentive and kind, without being annoying. I took my nephew and nieces out to dinner, and there were tons of extra requests, and the server (Mike?) was just really great- so much so that I tipped 30% and let the manager on duty know they had a rock star working there.

If this place could just put some effort into the salsa, and a bit more attention to detail, it could be great, but for now I recommend you skip it, and hit up a Mom & Pop spot.
TERRIBLE!! 
1st clue: Tomato sauce for salsa. 2nd clue: Dirty floors and bathrooms. 

Fajita's, what Fajita's, they just serve you 4oz of meat and a pound of onions for $17.00. look here for photo http://www.fajitasaz.com/our_menu.html where is the meat - lol...

This place is the COCOS of Mexican food, no flavor, no heat, taste like they use canned food and sauces

Take some advise and go to NANDO'S Mexican food, way way way better then this place. Don't waste your time or money on Fajita's, It's a cruel joke.

I understand it is a wonderful thought to know they cook right in front of you, but I suggest Benihana or any State Fair for that matter. The fajitas at Chili's tasted much better than this place and for much cheaper(chicken and shrimp fajitas for almost $16 or so) !!!! If you are looking for good fajitas try places like Abuelo, Chilis, On the Border, or any other Mexican restaurant but not this. This place for sure does not live up to the hype.
This place doesn't even hold a candle when compared to less known restaurants which serve better food for cheap.
I grew up going to Fajitas about twice a month and am still a big fan.  The food and service are amazing.  

There is no reason to get anything but fajitas at this spot.  We love the chicken and the Cadillac beef the best.  They tortillas are amazing.. They make them right there and are the best in town.
The service is always great and this is a good spot for large groups as well.

The only reason I gave them 4 stars vs 5 stars is because they need to update the dining room and restrooms.  The place is always clean, but the restrooms are in real need of a major renovation.
Standard chain mexican food. I am partial to gut-busting taco shops I guess. Good service although the place always has tons of cars out front every time I pass.
After seeing this on twitter we stopped in. A day early for their social media specials but still worth the visit. Wife's dinner had some issues. Manager on duty came out and talked to us, Comped her meal and our Ice Teas. My dinner was awesome. Can't wait to go back.
Fa jeetas

3.5

I have a love hate with you. 

I love the food, although generally average it all works and works well. The tortillas are a tad thick but that is why I love em. The fajitas are always good. Never had bad quality of meat. The chips, beans, sides are all good. 

The hate.. I hate stinking when I leave. I also hate the belly ache from the tortillas and water swelling all up in me. 

The service is usually good. There never is too long on a line.
Update:  I realized I had overrated it before. I think i am still being generous with two stars. 

Basic chain Americanized style of Mexican food. It's alright, but nothing special. Noting that our GPS had it listed under American food and not Mexican should have been the first clue. Totally forgettable and certainly won't be on my list, or on the list of anyone I know, when I come back to Phoenix. 

There are so many choices around, don't waste your time and money on something so very mediocre.
Good value. Lots of food (too much, in my case!). Very good service on a Friday evening. The menu isn't anything special, but there is ample variety and it's prepared well. I would go again.
Not my side of town, but it is close to a major freeway and easy to find. The menu in my opinion is somewhat on the limited side but the food is pretty good and the prices aren't too bad, for the amount of food you get.

The majority of the cooking is done in the open and in front of all the guests so that is kind of different. As far as the staff, they were all pretty friendly and the service is pretty decent. 

If you're driving through and don't want to wander off the freeway too far this restaurant might be worth the try if your current craving is for mexican food.
We went here yesterday for lunch, it wasnt packed at all and the lunch prices are good. They start you off with chips and salsa. Nothing special at all, I usually love chips and salsa but this salsa was straight up pace picante or somethng similar. Do not go to this place and expect authentic mexican food. We then ordered drinks, Javier had a margarita on the rocks, he loved it and was the perfect flavor and perfect amount of alcohol. We both then got the fajita lunch special, he got chicken with the flour tortillas and I got beef with corn tortillas. It came out in a small skillet but I think it was a perfect portion, I left not feeling too full. Javier on the other hand was too full. He ate the flour tortillas, which were very thick and looked like pancakes. I preffered the corn, not as filling and doesnt leave you stuffed. Im glad I tried this place, I will go back if Javier wanted to, but I wasnt impressed. I could make the same thing at home.
Great homemade tortillas (nice and thick)
The service is good
The food is good.

Losing a star because they're priced a little high, but if you go family-style and share the whole-pound fajita plate(s) it eases the sticker shock a smidge. 

Also, try the pork fajitas, they're much better than the chicken.
When you go to a place called "Fajitas" you order the dang namesake! I've had all the different fajitas they offer and I love all them, my favorite is the shrimp it's lightly seasoned and grilled to perfection (side note: order the onions and pepper caramelized)! The tortillas are strong enough to fold without tearing yet still have a nice flavor. The toppings are always bright and fresh, the guacamole is legit. My coworker has talked me into always ordering a side of Queso with the free chips and salsa. Albeit the restaurant is old but the staff is super friendly and detail oriented. And yes, no matter what you order you will smell like fajitas so make sure you don't have anywhere special to go after eating here.
I love Fajitas.  Have since I started going there as a kid.  Would I recommend anything other than the fajitas?  No, not really.  Its a bit pricey for me to be going very often, its special occasion priced for my budget.  
You get a skillet of piping hot meat and onions.  You get a side dish of pico, cheese and sour cream.  For people who like flour tortillas, this is HEAVEN.  they are homemade, thick, puffy, my mom eats them all by themselves and is more than happy.  I like to supplement with a side of beans and guacamole.  When less pregnant, well, much less pregnant I really like their margaritas too.
This place gets on my nerves. First off, let me be clear, the food is awesome. Especially, you guessed it....Fajitas!! I always get chicken or with shrimp. They make their tortillas in house, which you can never beat. Really good chips and salsa. A little too good, because I eat too many chips along with that tasty salsa. 

I have some complaints. The parking lot is a little hard to see in the dark, and if you miss the turn, too bad for you!! Also, inside could definitely be updated. It bothers me that the place is always busy, it's a little pricy, but it's a little dingy on the inside. It's dark, old tables, old booths, old lamps. The portions are big, but it's not a good place for a family on a budget. It's good quality though.

3.5
Bad service. Really really bad. Food is okay
This is no where near my house, but worth the drive.

The food is great  the service always a bit lackluster, though you will never go without.  

The tortillas are TO DIE FOR.  Like nothing you have ever had.  You get a ton of food for the price and it is simply a no frills place.

You come here for the food plain and simple.  If you have never been, do it. at least once..but probably twice.
Do not be swayed by the dingy office park that this place is located in or the fact that it looks like a redecorated Ponderosa Steak House.  This place was the ONLY place in the valley that could meet my stringent 4-point criteria for fajita perfection.

1) Tortillas must be freshly made in house and of the thick and chewy variety.  CHECK!  As much as I love me a paper thin authentic tortilla to sop up posole or machaca, when it comes to fajitas, I need what I have now learned are sometimes dubbed Texas tortillas that are pillowy, warm and slightly chewy.  Fajitas makes them with skill.  Love.

2) The chicken or steak should be grilled, preferably over mesquite.  CHECK!  Charred goodness awaits you, and those guys behind the grill are masters of their craft.

3) Steak should be able to be ordered medium rare or rare.  CHECK!  Although you can't specify the temperature of the meat, if you order the Cadillac Fajitas made of beef tenderloin, they come out blissfully mooing in the center.  Heaven.

4) Vegetables should be limited to peppers and onions.  No broccoli, mushrooms, squash, whatever, unless you are ordering vegetarian fajitas.  CHECK!  Ok, I know this is nitpicky, but I don't want my meat, pepper and onion experience to be sullied with broccoli.

Additionally, if you like shrimp, ORDER THE SHRIMP FAJITAS.  I don't know what they marinate them in or how they cook them, but those babies are like crack.  Pure, unadulterated crack.  Other bonuses - the portions are huge without sacrificing quality, making the whole experience a killer value.  You literally get a raft of guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and cheese to top your fajitas, making a half pound portion plenty to share.  Or don't share and take home the leftovers.  Chips and salsa are yummy, taking up far too much fajita space in your stomach before you eat, the yellow rice is fluffy and delicious, and though the beans are forgettable, the margarita is potent enough to keep you happy regardless.

We found this place in a moment of frustration at the fact that we couldn't locate the perfect fajitas in the Valley.  So what do we do?  We Yelp "best fajitas in phoenix" and get (duh!) a restaurant called Fajitas.  If it were a snake, it would've bit us.  We still make the trip to Glendale just to feast at this place and swear to play a round of putt-putt at Castles and Coasters afterwards to walk off the excessive fullness.  Alas, most of the time, we just drive home, happy nonetheless.
I live in Southern California and whenever I'm in the PHX are, Fajitas is on my to do list.  Incredible fajitas, I've had the shrimp, chicken, steak and Cadillac (tenderloin filet).  All are incredible but the Shrimp is my favorite, I'm craving them just writing this review.  The seasoning they use is unlike any other I have tasted and the portions are huge.  They are so good, I ordered a half pound portion, ate that and ordered another half pound!  Now I always order the full pound with half shrimp and half either chicken or steak.  Limited beer selection but that's not a big deal.

Oh a reviewer below, Michael E. blasted Fajitas for being "an Americanized style of Mexican food" and noted that his GPS listed it under American food, not Mexican.

Mike, before you write, please know what you are writing about.  Fajitas are an American food, Tex-Mex to be exact. Your GPS is smarter than you.  They originated in Texas in the 30's and 40's by Mexican cowhands working on Texas ranches.  The American ranch owners would give the Mexican cowboys (vaqueros) the scraps of slaughtered cattle they thought were unusable, one of those scraps was the skirt steak that is still used today in Fajitas. 

Go to Mexico and try to order Fajitas at a restaurant, they will laugh at you.  But you are from Utah, how would you know that.
There are far better Mexican places in Phoenix than this place. The atmosphere feels like a run down diner, their margaritas are not good, and the fajitas were alright I guess. Been there twice and I felt the same coming out both times.
I have past this place a million times and always wanted to stop and I finally did. It was good. The only thing that was fabulous was the cheese crisp. It was actually crispy must places its just a soft tortilla with cheese, I can do that in my own microwave. I didn't have the refried beans but they looked watery and not so good. I enjoyed this place and will come back but besides the cheeses crisp it was average but good.
Since moving to PHX from KC I've been craving some good fajita's and had yet to find any...until we went to this place last night. I'd done a quick google search and this place kept coming up. Yes, we had to drive awhile to get there but it was totally worth it. As other's have said, its a little dark in the parking lot and the interior leaves a lot to be desired but that's where the bad ended and the good started. 

We were immediately greeted by a friendly young girl and sat right away. Our server Anthony arrived promptly and took our drink order as we looked over the menu. We opted to get the full pound (half shrimp and half chicken) to share and save us a few bucks. 

The chips and salsa were really good with the salsa having a bit of a bite to it. Then the main attraction arrived. Holy cow! I've never had tortillas like this! They were fresh off the grill and had this wonderful buttery smell. After filling mine with chicken and all the toppings, I was in fajita heaven! These were the best I've ever had. My bf raved about the shrimp as well. We proceeded to eat way more than we should have but when something is that good, its hard not to. The guacamole side I ordered was good but I have had better so I might skip the $3 upcharge for it next time, but there will most definitely be a next time. SOON.

Throughout our meal, Anthony provided outstanding service in my book. Kept my diet coke full throughout and just filled it up, rather than asking, interrupting conversation as some waiters do.  He had perfected the unobtrusive service that I love, where they just take care of you and let you eat. Full drinks and constant tortillas as he anticipated our needs without us asking. Its rare to find that!

We will definitely be back!
This restaurant was featured on Check Please Arizona and the reviews were really really awesome on that show. We drove quite a while to get here and the food and ambiance were just mediocre. Nothing like what the people on the show said. 

The Shrimp Fajitas were good and their chips and salsa are really good. The seating is dark antd dingy if you are not in front of the windows. Ask for a booth near the windows. 

We also had the vegetarian fajitas which were okay. The sides are way too much and no one really needs to eat THAT much sour cream. The server we had was a delight and very attentive. 

I will probably not go here again considering it is very far from me and very greasy food. They did let me know that they do not use lard or other animal products to cook their food with including their tortillas, in case you are wondering.
I have no complaints about the fajitas at Fajitas. We like to order a pound of the steak fajita which is more than enough for two people and leftovers. The chips and tortillas are delicious. No matter how busy this place is, the servers are always great. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, the fajitas are always the best :)
Wow I cannot believe how long it has been since I have updated my review. Since finding Fajitas I have become a fan, just cannot get enough of the homemade tortillas, if you haven't tried them, you are missing out! And for the many times that I have been there the taste of the food as remained the same, perfect & delicious.

Went with a party of friends, about ten in our party, we had found out that Fajitas does not do reservations, but we did give them the heads up that we are a party of ten and we are showing up around 5ish, so we got their and had to wait a few mins, but we didn't mind, gave us time to mingle with each other before being seated.

I still can't tell you what other items they have the on the menu, because I keep coming back for the beef fajitas which come with a plate of cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream, for me all this is enough, but you can order beans & rice to go with your jamming fajitas.

Yep you can bet I will be be back!
Was just sort of mediocre for me.... I think it's just a matter of personal taste.

Chips were very good for my taste.  Thin restaurant style and tasted fresh.  Service was also very good.  Our waitress was attentive, always topped off drinks, made sure things were good for our table...

I thought they were a bit pricey seeing as the there wasn't anything that set their fajitas apart from any other Mexican restaurant.  I think somewhere around 20 bucks for a pound of fajitas.  Margs were nearly 6 bucks and a draft was about 3.  The part that made me rate this a ' just eh' was their tortillas.  I prefer a tortilla that lets all the other ingredients stand out.  Their tortillas were more like pitas.  You had to pile in a lot of meat to be able to get taste through their thick tortillas.  Like I said, maybe a matter of taste as others on here seem to like their tortillas.
I was nervous the first time we pulled up to Fajitas, it looks like an old NJ highway diner that someone converted into a Mexican restaurant by adding a few decorative tiles and sombreros.  It looks that way on the inside too but I had faith in the friends that brought me.  Fast forward six months and I've been to fajitas quite a few times.

I'm addicted to their veggie fajitas!  I love the fact that they add zucchini, the veggies are always fresh and a firm with a smoky flavor and the tortillas are outstanding.  As mentioned, the sides of sour cream, cheese, and pico are enormous.  Their queso is delicious and the chips and salsa are always great.  I tried a cheese quesadilla there too, it was tasty but way too big for one person.  

Service is always excellent and the food comes out at light speed which is awesome when you're on your lunch hour.  The lunch specials are cheap too.

It's a very casual spot where you'll see everything from office workers grabbing a bite to regulars pounding mid day shots.  I'll get there for dinner eventually but for now, Fajitas will remain a solid go to spot on my lunch rotation.
This is our local, family friendly go-to for Mexican style food. My husband loves the shrimp fajitas and I like The Border Dinner (can't beat the pice for the amount of food you get!). The tortillas are so tasty, plus they give small balls of dough to the kids to play with before dinner. Win win.
It's pretty standard Mexican food but the standouts are the tortillas.  Even if you aren't a "fajita person", you should suck it up and have them here just so you can experience the hybrid fry bread/tortilla combo they have going on.  

Our server was prompt and friendly.  I fully expected that we'd have to wait on a Friday evening but we didn't which was great.  The margaritas need some work.  They taste like the Cuervo version in grocery stores.  (I like the Cuervo version but obviously, I can have that at home.)  More veggies in the fajitas would be great too.  The chicken was super tasty but they sat atop a pile of raw-ish onions.  There was A ring of green pepper and A ring of red pepper.  (More peppers please!)  

It's a loud atmosphere so if you're looking for a venue to have "that conversation", I would suggest going elsewhere.
overpriced.
paying for the experience and the nice wait staff.

$28/lb of shrimp fajitas. nice but more than we would like to spend.
extra tortillas. lots of grilled onions. mild sauce.

we saw lots of little kids, surprised families could afford it, suspect it is a very special outing for most people so economy is not the issue.

good smells 
comfortable surroundings
very attentive staff.
probably desires a 3 star but $20+ per person bugs me.
I discovered this place when I was 10 years old, I fell in love with it right away.  I see people complain about the rice and beans, guess what its called Fajitas and not Rice & Beans.  I am now 33 and live in NYC and I make sure to go here within the first day or two of being home visiting.  Shrimp and chicken fajitas are the best, not to mention the salsa and cheese crisps.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
I love this place. The chips and salsa are great. Love the chicken fajitas. Extra grilled onions are my favorite. Tortillas are a little thick, but still very good. When I order fajitas in other places I am always disappointed.
Excellent service and food was delicious. We loved the fajitas and the homemade tortillas! Drinks were "eh"..Service was good considering it was super busy.

I would go back again, however, it isn't in a close radius to where we live now, so I could probably find something closer..
Love the handmade tortillas!  So scrumptious.

The queso is awesome, but severely overpriced ($4?  Come on).

Usually always get the shrimp fajitas to share; only tried a menu item once, and it was good.

Love it here; just not a fan of walking out smelling like grilled onions.
Fajitas will always have a special spot in my heart because some of my fondest family and friend memories took place here. My family brought me here at least once a month when I was still in elementary school. Then, in high school, my friends would meet me there on Fridays when we got out of school early. I barely went there while I was out of town in college, and now that I'm in a new stage in life, I had the recent opportunity to see it again. I could not believe that place was still open!! It's one of the few restaurants that has survived the decades. You can see that many restaurants have come and gone, but Fajitas still stands, proud and tall!

Their tortillas are unique in texture and flavor. It's not your typical tortilla that you get at the many Mexican restaurants around town. I wouldn't really categorize it as traditional. It's not quite the Chili's Americanized type tortillas either. Regardless, their tortillas are made fresh right before your eyes and they taste wonderful! 

The menu is fairly standard and simple. By the restaurant's title, they stay specialized in what they know, making great tortillas for fajitas. They have regular flank steak fajitas or the more richer Cadillac steak style fajitas. If red meat is not your desire, then they also have other chicken and veggie types available. The sides like rice and beans have never been included  with the entree. They've always been separate, but that sure hasn't stopped anyone from coming here. 

I love that they have many types of drink specials throughout the week! That's what makes it such a great place to look forward to going to on weekends!
Fantastic!!!!! Chicken! Beef! Shrimp!!!!!! In house tortillas  and margaritas!!!
I've driven past this place a hundred times, and never gave it a try because I thought it was just another chain. When it was featured on "Check Please," the fam and I decided to go there. Boy am I glad we did. The tortillas are what make this place. They are melt-in-your-mouth wonderful (they make them on the premises, and you can even watch them if you're bored!). We had the Cadillac fajitas, which were dynamite. I don't think I can ever order fajitas again at another place, simply because these tortillas were, if I can mention again, fantastic.  For dessert, we split the apple pie. It came on a skillet WITH SIZZLING BUTTER ON THE BOTTOM. Sizzling. Butter. Stick a fork in me. I'm done.
Fantastic!!!!! Chicken! Beef! Shrimp!!!!!! In house tortillas  and margaritas!!!
I might need to try this place again to see if my order just got messed up. I ordered a vegetarian fajita to go. The guac was good and fresh. There were no tortillas and no beans so I had to buy a bag of peanuts after I ate this since I was still hungry. I do not eat a lot at one time as well. Aren't veggie fajitas supposed to come with beans?
Best fajitas outside of Mexico!  Fantastic service and great prices!
To have the ability to accommodate a 35 person reservation on a Friday evening is to go above and beyond in their ability to provide good service. We had 2 servers who worked VERY hard to keep our drinks full. Our food was served hot, on time, and the could not have been better. 

Our fajitas were DELISH--to the point where all of our first timers in the group said they will DEFINITELY be back.  

Thank you Fajitas for going above and beyond!
We've been going to Fajitas since they opened, the food is good.
As long as you set at the bar the service is always pretty good, in the restaurant most of the time the service is good. The tile at the bar is the same tile when they opened in 1986, and its starting to look pretty gross. Tile missing, grout is dirty its starting to look pretty shabby even though a employee thinks it looks great and original. 
NO TV's this is the biggest downfall to us, next to the shabby dirty grout and missing tiles around the whole bar, both ends. 
The GM feels that TV's take away from the looks and feel of the restaurant, but its not just a restaurant they do have a bar. 
And the bar is not all that busy anymore, absolutely no advertising stating they have Monday-Friday happy hour other than inside at the bar, nothing outside. 
I'm sorry but at this point every restaurant/bar we've been to including Denny's and Country Boys has TV's.
Even the Ritz Carlton in Maui has 4 - 42" LCD's in the main bar/lounge including every bar and lounge on the property(4) everyone of them had TV's, 
This is the only restaurant/bar we have been to that does NOT have any TV's, and we go out every evening 7 days a week to a different restaurant/bar, everyone of them has several TV's.
We was asked a while back where have we been, we haven't been in for a while?
Our response was where the TV's are which was the truth.
Ahhhh! I've loved this place for years and it was such a treat to get to this side of town and have some wonderful fajitas. I'm a big fan of restaurants that concentrate on one thing and do it well, and this place does not waver from that. All the food is made in the middle of the restaurant so you can watch with your mouth watering as they freshly grill the tender meats and spicy onions for your meal. I always get the "Cadillac Fajitas" which is beef tenderloin--a little more expensive than the regular steak but worth every penny. And the tortillas (oh the tortillas!!!!!!) are so doughy, buttery, and just plain delicious! The service is always on point, and margaritas are strong...you just can't go wrong with this place!
I've died and gone to Fajita heaven this place is amazing. You can't get enough of the Tortillas homemade and fresh  the flavors of the beef and chicken are very tasty and the SHRIMP AMAZING.. was there for a dear friends birthday and the waiters kept up on chips and drinks for us and when our food came out they made sure we had everything. It was a great experience. I love this place. Just wish there was one in the east valley
Service was great, chips & salsa were great too. I would have liked a little hotter, but good flavor. Fajitas were good, nachos not so much. They didn't rush us which was nice. Prices were reasonable. We would go back again.
I grew up eating here and I can tell you that it never disappoints. The food is so delicious, pricey yes but worth it. You have to have the fajitas here, that is the staple and what they do really well. After moving 3 hours away I have been craving this place non-stop and finally made the trip yesterday. I had a special request and they had no problem accommodating me. If I could give them 10 stars I would. You will stink bad when you leave here and your wallet will be empty but I promise it will be worth it!
Awesome, attentive service!  

Our family of four, plus my parents, met at Fajita's to celebrate my husband's birthday.  I emailed the restaurant a few days prior, to find out what accommodations they could provide, if any, for my mom who has a severe gluten allergy.  I received a prompt response from Mike S, one of the managers, who assured me that they could cook the corn tortillas in an area separate from the flour tortillas.  He told me to ask for a manager upon arrival, and they'd take these extra steps for my mom.

Sure enough, the (female) manager working tonight was on top of things, and made sure my mom's food was kept away from items containing flour.  

We all were very impressed with the quality of both the shrimp and the Cadillac steak fajitas.  Our kids even loved the proteins, and went back for seconds a few times.  The chips and salsa were pretty good as well.   

The best part of our visit was the attentive service.  Our server was absolutely fantastic--prompt with taking our order, with refills, and with removing our plates afterwards.  She was cheerful, polite and just an absolute pleasure all around.
I have been coming here since it opened in the 80's as a kid. I still come at least 1 to 2 times a month. My 7 and 9 year old insist on coming, and having their birthday dinners here. Food is wonderful. You get the best service at the bar, sit with Mike or Peter.T hey make great margaritas, homemade tortillas, and awesome fajitas. The salsa is usually the best around, but just every once in awhile you will get a miss. The queso is a must. We always get shrimp and cadillac fajitas. Great for the money as well.
All that was missing were The Griswolds and cousin Eddie. 

I immediately saw that this place was a hit with the locals because it wasn't very pretty. However, it smelled delicious and I bet the fajitas were amazing. 

Some friends and I went for margaritas and appetizers; specifically, Chili Con Queso. Damn, it was good! I had three bowls! And so were our margaritas. Delicious! 

But the appearance needed a make over asap! Sorry, but this restaurant belonged in Laughlin, NV. If you've been there, you'll know what I mean. It was like nothing had changed since 1979. 

I don't see myself going back. Sorry friends!
This is THE best place to get fajitas. Their tortillas are made there, one the spot. The salsa tastes so fresh. Any meat you get for the fajitas is always amazing. The service is so good, my family and I are in and out in no time. We live about 45 mins away but still drive here often for dinner. It is a great place to take the kids too! My favorite restaurant in the state.
I don't know what it is but I just thought the quality has gone down since when we used to come here all the time. The salsa was very bland and extremely thin. I like my salsa thick and chunky. The chips were good however. We started off with a cheese crisp and a side of guacamole. I liked how the cheese crisp came with a side if diced green chilis but they were cold. Would have been much better if they would have cooked them onto it. The guacamole was alright however I found myself adding a bit of salt for flavor. There were three of us and we ordered a 1/2 pound of shrimp and a 1/2 pound of chicken. They really skimp on the bell peppers. You only get one little slice on the top and it's not even grilled in with the rest of the onions. In my opinion bell peppers are a normal part of fajitas - not an afterthought. The homemade tortillas they serve you are good although they are much bigger and thicker than they used to be. I definitely do not like that change. I prefer smaller thinner ones so you can eat more of them since I like to mix them up and have a different variety of toppings on each one. So it was an okay dinner but not someplace I am going to run back to anytime soon.
I've been to Fajitas a couple times with my co-workers for lunch. I had chicken fajitas with a margarita. It's the perfect lunch portion. They come with enough sliced chicken, red and green bell peppers for about 3 fajitas.  I recommend adding a side of guacamole to go along with the pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream.  The tortillas are also made fresh however they are a little thicker than your average tortilla.  The staff is extremely friendly and they get your food and check to you very fast which is great if you have to run back to work. The margaritas aren't too potent but they are flavorful.   They have a variety of lunch specials to you to choose from and reasonably priced. My lunch itself was $7.99.
I come here because this is where my husband's aunt and family come. We are very happy with Mike the bartender's service and he gets 5 stars. The food takes a bit to get to you and I think the tortilla is a bit thick. Its a nice place.
I'm from southern Cali and I feel I know really good Mexican food. The only thing that was good was the chips and that's about it. For a place called fajitas, the fajitas were terrible. The price for what you got was bad. The service was below average. I will not be going back.
Many visits later, I'm still loving this place.  Food is consistently good, service is always quick, portions are large, and prices you can't beat.  The queso and veggie fajitas as still my favorites but I've branched out a little to try the taco salad (enormous, fresh, delicious) and they have a layered dip that's served hot and is off the hook.  

Sad that someone can navigate to Yelp to give this poor little place a bad review but is too lazy to do their own research in advance to eliminate surprises (pictures inside and out, list of what is included with meals and prices of items are all available on their website).  This place is pretty far from our office but we love it so it's worth the trip.
Tonight with my hubby and his cousin went here, good food and drink. But I think you come to here eat must to order their fajitas, it is great and so much for you.
For fajitas, this is THE place to go. The name says it all. Plus anything grilled is also amazing. Huge veggies, perfectly prepared. Service ids consistently good. But margaritas are a little watered down and cheese crisps are just so-so. Warning: After you leave, you will smell like one of their sizzling fajita plates. Been coming here for 10 years and that's a guarantee each time. Oh yeah, the relish plate for your fajitas? Get the guac. Yummmm.
Have passed by this place on the I-17 countless times, but never gave it a shot.  My co-workers have loved coming here for lunch for years so I decided to join them this time.  The place looks and feels like a mix between a Chili's and a Mexican cantina.  The decor won't wow you, but it'll definitely remind you of some of the big family chain restaurants.  

There were six of us and the group decided to split 3 half pound shrimp fajita platters.  We also got chips with queso dip.  The queso dip didn't impress me all that much as it was a little watery.  I prefer my queso dip a little more hearty.  As for the fajitas, pretty impressive for a couple of reasons.  The shrimps were cooked perfectly with the onions, spices, and peppers.  And even more impressive were the house made tortillas.  Fresh, warm, soft, and tastes perfect with the meat and veggies.  Between the fajitas and the chips, we were all plenty full from lunch.

I'd also like to mention the very attentive service we received.  The manager came over numerous times to ensure our order was correct and that we were taken care of.  Our waitress actually mixed up one of our fajita platters, so the manager came over with some additional items to snack on for free while we waited.  Nice touch.  Outside of the mixup, the waitress we had was very friendly and accommodating.

Fajita's isn't going to wow you with authenticity nor does the look of the place really stand out all that much from some of the big suburban chain restaurants.  But as an independent family friendly Mexican food joint, it excels at delivering good service and a decent product.  The prices are reasonable and the location is convenient to one of Phoenix's most travelled roads.  Among the multitude of Americanized Mexican restaurants in the valley, you could certainly do a lot worse than this place
We have been back to this place three different times since our first incredible visit and sadly, none have been as good as the first. The service has been good for the most part and the prices are still reasonable but the fajita's have just not lived up to that first time. The tortillas don't seem as fluffy and light and the toppings seem less than quality. I'm not sure if its because that one time I was starving when we got there or if the quality has really gone down hill. The cheese is bright orange, the tortillas seem overly heavy and smell of lard and the overall quality of ingredients just seem sub-par. I don't think after the 3 attempts of ordering the exact same meal to recreate our first experience, we'll continue trying. I do think the place is descent and would be okay if you're really craving fajitas but don't mind mid-grade food quality.
So happy to be back at my most favorite restaurant. Such a perfect atmosphere to spend time with family around the best salsa and chips in town.
Born and raised in this place for the most part. I've been coming here for over twenty years. This restaurant is not traditional Mexican food but it makes no claims to be. The fajitas here are the best in Phoenix hands down. The seasoning on the meat and shrimp is perfect, the salsa and queso are both fantastic. The customer service is phenomenal.
I've been going here since 1996 after moving back to Phoenix from Orange County, CA...All the food is great. I recommend the Cadillac Steak Fajitas. Guacamole instead of sour cream. The chips, salsa, tacos and burritos are great too. Everyone I take that comes from out of town LOVES the food here.
Best queso ever!  Love the shrimp and vegetable fajitas with corn tortillas!  And if there is room, the sizzling apple pie is heaven!
When I was younger, I had my birthday party here every single year :) it was always a blast! they embarrassed me to death by singing happy birthday to me where the whole restaurant could hear , it's a great place to eat with your family and it's always fun and clean :)
Been to many good mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area.  This was NOT one of them.  

Ate at the bar, no TV, not the greatest selection of draft beer, the chips were like eating cardboard, and the burrito I had didn't have much flavor.  The queso topping was watery and bland.
This was my go to lunch spot years ago and we decided to pop in my last visit to Phoenix. The food is still really tasty, nothing fancy but good. Try the tropical apricot margarita-it's delicious, one of the best I've had! Just as their name says it's all about fajitas..steak, chicken, pork, veggies and more. Their portions are big and come with sour cream, cheese and salsa. Guac is extra which is a bummer. The only bad thing about the visit? Their queso was soupy which was kind of gross-thicker queso would've made it perfect. 

Overall, still a good experience and for their lunch prices, it can't be beat.
The food was decent, but prices were stupid expensive. The lunch portions were minimal for $8.50, the 1/2# fajitas were $20. Small sides of guacamole are $2.25. Given the early 90's cheese decor, your money would be well spent elsewhere.
It was OK but nothing to write home about. Service was great but was not impressed. Both kids meals were cold and did not taste good for the kids or the adults when we tried then. Our fajitas were OK but nothing special. If your in the area not a bad place but not worth a special trip.
Nice place not great. Salsa was weak packed absolutely no punch. Shared a 1lb plate with steak and chicken steak was good chicken was while not dry wasn't really seasoned at all, meat is supposed to be mesquite grilled but couldn't detect any in any if the meats. Sever was good but seemed to be going through the motions as a veteran server, no extra attention or unnecessary distractions. Probably not return unless in the area will get steak not chicken.
Okay, people, you have to order fajitas at Fajitas! It's seems like most people who have given this place bad reviews didn't try the signature dish. Our favorite is the shrimp fajitas and a small order of queso. I always ask for the onions well done because Otherwise they are mostly raw. My husband's family has been coming here for years and we continue to come a couple times a month. Jamie is an exceptional server and remembers everyone and what their order is. And we love the tortillas! Always freshly made and they're definitely not stingy with them!
I think this place is great. The food is terrific, the staff is great. The location and parking are fine. This is nothing fancy, but it's fast and good. 


So, mainly, they serve Fajitas but there are other things on the menu. I've never eaten any of them and, in fact, I never even looked at them. We get  1/2 pound of the "Cadillac" which is filet mignon for the meat and it's plenty for two of us. I'd be just as happy with skirt steak or chicken but we like to upgrade things when we can. It comes with sour cream, cheddar cheese and some kind of tomato/onion salsa. Oh, and you get chips and salsa before the meal!! I got a "salad" as part of my meal. I don't recommend it. It was tiny and expensive for a slice of tomato and iceberg. The grilled zucchini is a nice add on if you want more food. 

The food, overall, is a tad bit high for the kind of place this is, IMHO. You have to order the extras separately, but those are things like beans, rice and guacamole.  But, I didn't deduct much for that experience. But, the decor is old. It looks like this place has been around a long time and everything is showing wear and looks a bit dated. Charming in a way, but not that much. Maybe in 25 more years it'll be charming in a good way, if they wait it out. LOL. 

I enjoy this place and look forward to eating there when we can.  I always leave full and happy.
I've been coming to Fajita's for ages but haven't been here in a long time cause it's so far away. Today was my lucky day to come here. This place has the best fajita's bar none

There is always a long waiting line so I recommend that you get here by 6pm on the weekends. We had a small party so we only waited for about 5 minutes. 

The chips and salsa is so good. Chips are always so fresh and the salsa is on mild side but really good. 

We ordered a half a pound of pork and half pound of chicken with two sides of Mexican rice. The tortilla's are the best in town. No one can even match these tortilla's. A little thicker than most but so good. Pork and chicken (all white meat) was so tasty with onions and bell peppers. Each order comes with a side of cheddar cheese, guacamole, pico de gallo. BTW, it comes with sour cream but we switched it to guacamole with no extra charge. As always, fajita's were great and we really enjoyed it. 

As for the service, our server didn't let us wait and had our drinks at our table right ways. Once we ordered, our food was on our table in a flash. The server was great and kept on refilling our drinks all the time. I had a brain freeze and paid for our meal and walked out. Our server ran us down and personally delivered my credit card. Very cool and I appreciate all the extra effort he gave to make sure I got my credit card in the parking lot. 

As i said before, best fajita's in the city, best tortilla's and wonderful service. Another great evening and great meal. Come ready to fill your tummy. Enjoy.
Perfect spot for fajitas And many other Mexican dishes. Fajitas portions are half of pound or full pound. And trust me its fresh and delicious. Happy hour 4 to 7pm. Make sure your hungry when you go. I'll highly recommend this spot.
I used to come here almost weekly but the prices keep going up and the past few times the tortillas have consistently been hard and chewy, I got tired of asking for fresh ones... The salsa is inconsistent also, hot one day then like tomato sauce the next, too bad because this was one of my favorites restaurants....
Horrible service and food. Worst beef Enchilada I have ever had, even I know Mexican Rice doesn't have peas and corn in it, and margarita tasted like it was poured from a can. This is not considered real Mexican restaurant in my eyes. Was definitely a waste of money!!
I've been coming to Fajita's for over 20 years.  For the most part, the food is good, and the service is outstanding.  I normally have the chicken Fajita and cheese crisp.  These are wonderful, and normally very good.

The steak, pork and shrimp are also good, but the chicken is what I like most.  The chips and salsa are "OK", though the salsa has not been very good from some time.  I keep complaining that it is too spicy, like battery acid.  I've been told this is due to the chillies and peppers they have been receiving, but I know it was much better years ago.  I keep hoping as there is nothing else close to their recipes.
Great food and service has always been attentive only negative is making groups wait in the lobby until everyone arrived especially when the joint is not busy. It would be nice to have apps, a drink and visit during the wait.
I've been eating here since the mid 80's when it first opened. Always the best fajitas I've ever had.
I've been coming here for years but this is my first yelp review for this place. The Fajitas Restaurant is probably pretty well know around the valley and for good reason. They make some of the best fajitas in the valley. There are probably only a handful of smaller restaurants in the valley that put out quality fajitas like this place. 

Fajitas does entres other then what they are known for but why stray from what they do best. The fajitas served here come family style with all the cheese, sour cream, guacamole and pico de Gayo on the side. The meats come out smoking hot and smelling fantastic. Choose from chicken, steak and shrimp for your meat, it doesn't matter what you pick because they all rock. The only thing better than the meat is the fresh tortillas. The tortillas are served warm and soft for easy fajitas building.

The tortilla chips served for free before the meal are a meal of there own. Salsa is complimentary but if you want a real treat get the queso dip for just a few extra bucks. This place serves beers, soda and just about any other alcoholic and non alcoholic beverage you can think of.

The staff is always friendly and I've never had bad service in all the years I've been coming here, even when it's busy. The restaurant and bathrooms are clean and the atmosphere seems geared for groups so bring the family. There is even a kids menu that would please the pickiest of eaters. Prices are fair and on par with comparable restaurants. 

I would definitely recommend this place and I will definitely be back for years to come. The only reason this isn't a five star is because the wait to get a table can be long at times, but that speaks the how good this place really is.
My wife and I came here on our first date over 19 years ago and we still come here. I have never had a bad experience or meal here. The service is always excellent. When friends and family come to visit this is the first stop after the airport.
I can't say how good the shrimp fajitas are....you'll have to try them yourself. Best fresh flour tortillas served warm. I love this
Restaurant and have been coming here for 25 years. Try it....
I've been coming here since the 80's when the restaurant first opened. I love Fajita's - the best dish is their namesake. Warm fresh chips and mild salsa is served upon arrival. We always get the shrimp (sometimes chicken). The tortillas are cooked fresh in house, and they are awesome.  The food is great and the service is great. The only reason I can't give more stars is because this place REALLY needs an update. It still looks like it's from the 80's. The carpet is really old, the walls need to be repainted - dirty looking and scuffed, hand scrawled signage that says to "watch your step" (can they get professional signs at least?)  the booth we were in had a piece of wood trim falling off into the booth with nails exposed (if management reads this, we sat in the back, along the window) and the bathrooms are really old (original?) There used to be a long wait to get in on the weekends - now, you just walk right in. I got the feeling they must be strapped for cash if they can't update the decor from 1986. Even the reviews on the walls from magazines are from the 80's. It's time to come into 2014 and freshen up. Decor aside, the fajitas are great and I hope they will be in business for years to come. I just got the feeling the restaurant itself wasn't doing too well.
Come hungry!!! The veggie fajitas are amazing!!! :) Onions, red & green peppers, black olives, zucchini, cheese & pico + sour cream. Awesome! Tortillas are fresh and I can't wait to go back!!!
Chips, mexican pizza and of course fajitas are great.  Your clothes will definitely smell like fajitas for the rest of the day.
Don't waste your time. Ordered fajitas and the onions were raw! Chicken was bland no flavor. The rice tasted like something out of a box minus the salt. We will never go back. You think Phoenix would have great Mexican food but I can't seem to find any.
We have NEVER had a togo order that has been correct from here. EVER

I am talking about 9-10 years worth...
So I pull into the drive through at 6:35PM 1 car in front of me finishes ordering and I pull up I order the guy barely understood me but he finally got my order. I get to the window and asked him to confirm the order and he said we already did so i politely let him know I had a hard time understanding him (he was white Zach I think) so he finally does then I ask him why the line is moving so slow. Mind you my daughter is sitting in the front seat he starts cusing and saying that he works with a bunch of Fing idiots and crap like that and I tell him that I didn't appreciate his swearing and he's like Oh F you got kids in the car he closes the window. I go to the next window and I get another girl and I make a comment on how long I have been in line and shes like well I don't know hands me everything and walks away. I pull away from the drive through window at 6:50 PM Horrible service and most of the food was wrong order chicken gordita supreme got beef. Ordered soft tacco supreme not tomato all of them had tomato and they told me I had a huge order (5 soft taco supreme's, 2 chx gord sup, and burr box meal) I hate going to this Taco bell always have horrible service.
First, I'll admit I'm a die-hard Taco Bell fan... but beyond that, I've always gotten great service from this location. They're always nice to me in the drive-thru and their service is usually quite fast. I recommend it all the time.
This location must be under new management. I go more often then I should, my son loves the DLC Tacos, and every time we drive thru. The customer service is outstanding! They are so friendly and always make sure my order is correct, which it always is. I have not had a bad experience there aside from some of the questionable customers that show up. This is the only Taco Bell I love to go to.
I have to agree, maybe new management...but order was 100% correct, man at window was very nice. Why would anyone keep going back for years, if it is so bad?? I hope they get some more high stars to help their overall rating.  We will definately be back.
My family and I have been going to the Taco Bell at 1909 W. Deer Valley for years. Last Thursday night my Dad went through the drive through, we got our usual, they messed up the order and did not give him a mexican pizza and got mine and my Mom's order right. While eating the taco salad, I looked down to find a bug about the size of an ant crawling out of my salad. I promptly stopped eating my salad and told my Mom I was going to call Taco Bell to see if I could get my money back. All the manager said was "that he could give me another salad (why would I want another salad) and a free drink." I said no thank you. I think you should check the rest of your food for bugs.
My advice for people when they go to this place, check your food before you start eating it.
Taco Bell is good. 

Cheap
Quick
Friendly

Mary the older lady here might be the coolest person ever working in fast food. She is one cool lady.
OH MY GOD THIS PLACE IS GROSS! These taco bells have all been knocked down and rebuilt due to conditions that no longer make them sanitary enough to eat at.  Now this being said i like taco bell and I eat their healthy options because im not obese, as well as i don't go there much but this particular location which is unfortunately near my work i have been to several times.  The workers are illiterate which i spelled wrong and used spell check taking away all credibility but really scummy workers, gross place and my order has been messed up every time ive gone, go else where but not culvers because they SUCK TOO, and i dislike you if you like culvers honestly they shouldnt be in business
I really enjoy Taco Bell.  I know, 39% beef.  Regardless of my ability to eat faux beef, this location is operated very smoothly.  Their drive through for the most part runs like a well oiled machine.  Everyone that works there has always been very friendly. There is one guy that is actually on the verge of being annoyingly friendly!

I've waited longer being the only person on line at other places than I have being the 6th or 7th at this Bell.  They have quite a weekday lunch rush, especially on mondays (yes I go there that often).  But they handle it well and it is *extremely* rare to get your order wrong.

Though you might have to ask for a spork.
Its taco bell. 
That's all to be said about the food. 
However, this particular taco bell has THE friendliest staff of any fast food place I've been to. 
They are always upbeat, at first it's off putting because you are so accustomed to the person handing you your greasy food through the window being lackluster at best. Eventually you realize that they really are just this nice. I have never had someone roll their eyes or impatiently take my order. No, they are always happy to serve you. I've even had one fine gentlemen become concerned for my well being when I ordered a volcano burrito but no beverage. He wanted me to know it was very spicy. He continued to worry until I let him know I had a water bottle with me. 
Really. 
Nicest. People. Ever.
$2.00 value meal, cheery service crowd (almost too cheery) and that new green sauce which blows their others away.
The employees at this location are extremely friendly. Only complaint I have is that they have some trouble keeping up with the high volume as far as cleanliness in the dining area. But all in all, we're pleased and continue to return when we're on the go.
Good service today!
Alright. I don't eat taco bell, and wouldn't still even if I weren't allergic to dairy. That being said, my boyfriend and I just left this place and had to see if anyone else mentioned the gung-ho middle aged guy working there named Matt. He was the most intense guy ever to work in fast food. Basically a commercial come to life. I wasn't sure what to think or whether he was trolling, but it was the most interesting experience at a taco bell I've had. Totally a nice guy.
I think this place is amazing! I am not exagerating when I say that they have the friendliest staff ever. I will drive out of my way to go to this location. They are always positive and my orders are always fresh and accurate. For being a fast food spot, I am amazed at their high level of service and commitment to their customers. I def recommend!
A review for Taco Bell - "this guy is nuts" you might say.  

I'm not going to lie, Taco Bell is a guilty pleasure of mine.  The food is good and cheap.  But, the thing that sets this restaurant apart from any other fast food restaurant is it's service.   A matter of fact, this place has better service then probably 90% of sit-down restaurants out there.  The staff is always friendly and extremely hospitable.  This may sound crazy - but go check it out and you'll be blown away.  

I'm trying to convince my HR department (I work in hotels) that instead of recruiting out of any other avenue - we need to go find where this Taco Bell gets their associates.  Must have great management.
I have loved Taco Bell ever since I can remember...back when the Chili Cheese Burrito was called the Chilito.
This location holds to the high standards a fast food restaurant should adhere to:
Clean
Fast Service
Friendly Staff
I don't bother reviewing fast food chain places unless there is something I really feel like I need to say...and today I do.

I've lived in a neighborhood where this is the closest Taco Bell for over five years...and I have kids. So they want tacos every so often.

And in all the times I've been to this place over the years, for late-night dinners, for offsite lunch during work, whatever, this particular location has impressed me in the long haul.

This Taco Bell has NEVER, not once, gotten my order wrong. I can't say that about any other fast food place ever.

This Taco Bell's employees have always been so polite, friendly, and kind that they may have given me diabetes.

These people do a job that is by comparison, pretty lousy, and they probably get abused by a lot of rude folks in town. But they deserve to know that their efforts are noticed and appreciated.

Hats off to the staff and management here, you are an example to the entire chain.
#DTCCR SUCKS. I'm only giving it 2 stars, because my GF prefers TB to DT, otherwise it would be ONE STAR.

My personal disdain for this particular one comes from the horrible drive-thru correct completion ratio (#DTCCR). They have gotten our order correct MAYBE 5% of the time, with a statistically significant number of visits. REALLY.

Tonights order 4 items= 2 Taco Salads-minus rice. One Pintos Cheese w/ green not red sauce. Steak Enchirito. 2 Drinks.

Salads came thru window fast, and intact (no rice - yay!). 2 drinks followed, with one straw (boo). Second bag was pulled before coming thru window because it contained a large number of items (car behind us?). Second bag came thru - pintos, check. Enchirito, check.

Got home - pintos with green? Nope. Red. Enchirito steak? Negative Ghost Rider. 

6 items+2 straws = 8 things to hand us. 2 of them wrong, and no straw. 5 outta 8 just isn't a good percentage. Bonus points for window girl for realizing she had wrong bag and grabbing 2nd bag "on the fly". Negative points for substituting incorrect items for other incorrect items. 

It's just not worth it to call these places back and complain, or drive back, and they know it. I can't stress enough - when at this drive-thru DOUBLE CHECK YOUR ORDER for CORRECT ITEMS - not just number of items.
I never thought I would be reviewing a Taco Bell. I've been to this location several times, and I've never had a bad experience, so it already has a good mark in my book.

I drove through a little after 10 tonight on my way home. It was mentally a long day and I was tired; I probably looked like a weirdo or doped up or something (I'm not).

I noticed while waiting for my food after paying that the girls seemed to be having fun; I could just hear some laughter but I wasn't really paying attention. I always love it when people enjoy working together and make it fun. The girl who took my payment and served me was friendly and pleasant.

I probably would have left it at that and just had a pleasant enough drive-through experience that was nice but not necessarily Yelp-worthy, until I got home. Not only was my food well-presented (which, whatever--it's a Cantina Bowl, so I wouldn't really have been upset if it was less than pretty), but "have a wonderful evening!" was written on the top of the plastic container in oil marker. I don't know if they wrote a bunch of them out for whomever came through tonight, or if it was just for me because they thought I was strung out or something, but it doesn't matter. It was a sweet gesture and it made me smile. That little tiny extra effort is a big deal in customer service, as far as I'm concerned. Kudos to the team tonight.
Thank you I was treated good very good customer service but only one thing just clean the bathroom itis  disgusting when I walked in there  keep up the good work
It's Taco Bell...A fast food chain...How anti-Yelp of me. I may even get a talk thread all about me as an example of all things wrong with Yelp..But I eat TB alot and frankly each deserves a different rating so why not give it a go? 

If you need your fix of burrito with fillings from a caulking gun I would reccomend you drive to the next TB since they are on every corner and this one is sub par. My half pound cheesy bean burrito weighed nowhere near a half pound and while I can't figure out which layer was missing there were definately only 6 layers in my 7 layer burrito. 

There is a Del Taco across the street; what was I thinking?

On the plus side when I say alot of fire sauce, I mean it and they complied.
The food is gonna be what the food is gonna be, you know that.
So I judge a FFchain on a few things.
Is it clean.
Are they friendly.
Do they fahqew in the drive thru?

This Taco Hell scores consistently mediocre on all counts, except that they are quite friendly.

It is refreshing to pull into the drive thru, and even if there were a line of cars ahead of you, to hear the mechanical voice in the box say, 
"Hi, How are you?"
...and then pause for an answer!

They do it all the time, so must be made to say it, but it always seems sincere.  It catches you off guard at first, but now I have grown to really dig the tone it conveys.  I don't think that the couple of seconds it may delay the order is a big deal at all, compared to the warm fuzzy feelings I get when I respond, 
"I'm fine. How are you?"...and get a genuine response back.

I'm not here that often, but more since they demolished the Del Taco across the street to build a CVS freestanding location (good call, since the strip mall CVS in that shopping ctr is gross).

I have noticed that there are several employees that seem to have stuck around and worked here for well over a year, maybe two -- good sign when you're judging a FFchain, since turnover = non-caring employees.

So in summary:
It's clean enough.
They're quite friendly.
They haven't yet fahq'd me in the drive thru.

Edited:

Meh for food.
Yay! I'm a fan for friendliness.

According to my personal rating system that's much too complicated to show here, this equates to an A-OK overall.
The food sucks but I buy it because I go for the Strawberry fruitista which are SOOOO good.  But this month they blew in 3 times.  Machine broken, out of stawberries, machine frozen up. Guess I have to call before I go to make sure I can get a fruitista.
I have to say I have a love hate relationship with Taco Bell. I love the food and hate it when they get my order wrong! My bean burrito had some other "bonus" ingredients this time (a little beef and lettuce). I LOVE the Baja Blast Mountain Dew!! Hey Pepsi... did you guys put crack in the Baja Blast?? I wish I could buy it off the shelf, but alas I guess I'll continue to brave Taco Bell for my fix!
This location has friendly service , and great food. To top it off , they have wifi. So stop writing hateful reviews everyone , gosh. Makes me so tired. Just enjoy the food and stop being jerks.
Worst location ever! I just moved around the corner from this particular TB and am very unsatisfied with the service. The people are relatively nice but the speed of service sucks. It always takes at least 15 minutes to get your food in the drive thru and it is usually ice cold once I drive the 3 minutes to my house.

(edited below 4/23/13)
The other issue I have i that every time I have visited this location, they get my order wrong. Not just a little wrong, completely wrong. Today the store manager came to try and help the incompetent employee mess up my order. I decided it was time to speak up, She never said sorry, acted offended that I was giving her negative feedback about her store, and proceeded to talk down and mock my concern.  I was so upset that I banged on the window and demanded my money back. I drove 15 minuted to the next closest TB. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
The "fast" in fast food apparently doesn't apply here.  I was on my way home from work,  appx 9:30 Friday night. The drive thru was busy,  so I went inside.  I was one of 2 customers inside when I went,  and the other had already ordered before I arrived. There was no acknowledgement,  and it took forever to get my order (combo #2 - grilled stuft burrito and a taco).  I don't understand why it was so slow either. .. There were 5 employees just within my line of sight. As a matter of fact,  I've been able to type this entire review so far as I wait for my food... From a clumsy phone keyboard. I realize Taco Bell isn't typically considered fine Mexican cuisine,  but the service wasn't great,  even by their own standards.

Update: I am going back and increasing this review to three stars, because even though the service wasn't the best, the food was good when I got it. I think this location has a lot of room for improvement though, at least on the service side of things.
I love Taco Bell food. However, I hate this location, because although they make your food very quickly, it lacks quality. Also out of all the times I've been here, I've received my burritos undercooked and still cold about half the time. They do a great job of fixing their mistakes, but if they would take a few extra seconds, this mistake wouldn't happen as often.
The fiesta potatoes are NEVER cooked all the way through.

One worker will literally hand us our bag through the window and just shut the door. Half the time we have to check to see if all of our food is in there or if we're waiting for another bag. No communication what-so-ever. No "here you go!" or "thanks, have a good day!" Just bag, and shut door. Unfortunately she works there a lot so it happens often..
Well, Taco Bell is Taco Bell. The service here sucks. You have to remember to ask for hot sauce up front. If you don't you won't get any. If you ask after they give you your bag they get all mad. It's like you asked them to walk 5 miles to get some.
I didn't get my debit card back, the cashier ether stole it or handed it out to another customer.  When the manger came out she refused to look for it, apparently at her size checking the floor under the work station was more difficult than she wanted to deal with.  She stated the only thing they can do, is call the police and have the employee searched, but when I said ok lets do that, she back tracked and refused.  I have cancelled the card of course, but it is just a pain in the butt to deal with, plus the cashier an the manager were so rude and disrespectful about it. I remember when customers were supposed to be treated with respect.  DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE WITH YOUR CARD!!
The place was clean
The service was nice
The food was ... well it is Taco Bell. 

We had a few things for a quick lunch. I tried the beef enchirito and a beef griller. I loved the griller thing. Kid #1 had a combo burrito and #2 had a nachos with meat and cheese only. 

While the meal was fine the price was just right! That is why they are still around. CHEAP and QUICK.
Its Taco Bell! If you have ever been to a Taco bell, you know what you are getting. =)
I know I'm not paying for 5 star service at a Taco Bell, but sheesh! 

When we arrived, there were 2 other people in the entire place.  We stood near the registers ready to order but there was nobody there to help. After a minute or two, a man came to take our order.  He definitely loved his job... not.  After Mr. Ray of Sunshine took our order he forgot to give us our drink cups and walked away.

I volunteered to wait at the register to get the drink cups while the rest of the party I was with sat down.  The girl working the drive through window kept looking over and ignoring me as I stood there trying to get her attention.  She kept huffing and puffing and stomping around.  Finally after looking at me six times (yes I counted) she says "Ugh, did somebody help you?" I mentioned that we did not receive our drink cups.  So she stomped over and goes "here" and slams our drink cups on the counter.  Wow, sorry for making you take an extra 4 steps to help a customer when there is no one even in the drive through line!  

After the drink cup fiasco, it took about 15 minutes to get our food.  Once again I know I'm not paying for 5 star service, but I could probably make the tacos I ordered faster in my own kitchen.  Especially when there are only 5 people in the whole restaurant. 

We finally got our food and started eating. Then an employee still in uniform starts noisily talking on his cell phone behind the counter about how "I'm getting off work in about 10 minutes, blah blah blah, let's make our entire nights plans while being extremely rude to the customers".  Can't this conversation wait until you are off work?! This was highly unprofessional... and annoying.

Aside from the aggravating customer service, the restaurant was clean and my tacos turned out decent. 

All in all, I would suggest using the drive though, at least then you have minimum contact with the extremely rude employees.  Or better yet, go to a different Taco Bell with pleasant employees.
A great place to eat, and you do not spend a lot of money.  Their quesarito is not as good as Chipotle's, but it is a lot cheaper.  But, I still enjoy it overall.
I don't know why we have to suffer with a terrible Taco Bell so close to us. It seems silly that, when the Taco Bell craving comes on, we should drive past one to go to one better, yet I think I should start doing this now.

Though it's been through several changes in management in the two years we've lived in this area, this Taco Bell is almost always the same: lackluster, unenthusiastic employees and dirty surroundings. The tables are never, ever clean, and there is rarely someone at the front - the cooks have to call for someone to get to the register when someone comes in.

Last time we were there, there were no straws, the tables were dirty despite having been open only 5 minutes, and the drink machine was malfunctioning, spraying soda everywhere. Also, it made my tummy hurt.
Tortillas are always stale. Pizza is always either raw or burnt. On several occasions i have found that the staff had placed a new time label over another to avoid cooking fresh pizzas. 
The quality of the food at this location just always seems to be sub par. I have lived near this location for ten+  years and its always been the same. So i go to the brown and mesa dr location
I know my boyfriend hates that I love Taco Bell so much (being the evil fast food chain conglomerate that it is), but it's food I grew up with... and I still love it. 

Been going to this location for as long as I remember... sometimes they mess up my order, most times they don't. I imagine turnover is pretty fast here, so it's unfair to judge them on just 1 or 2 visits. For the most part, this Taco Bell has been great. Clean facilities. 

This location also does the 3 free tacos (with the purchase of a large drink) when the Diamondbacks score 6 or more runs. :D
I get the same lady almost every time I come to this location and she always makes me smile. I like consistency!
Same standard Taco Bell service - you get what you pay for as far as the food goes, but they always get our order right.
I know what you're thinking... 5 stars for taco bell??? Yes!! Of course this is biased, but I've never eaten in the store, however, I've probably went through this drive thru at least 50x (Don't judgeXD) But this place is the best taco bell in Arizona. The food here is like what you see in  the commercials! It always gives you a ton of food! Bang for your buck!!
Taco Bell is amazing. The smothered burrito is the best thing they've ever had and it's only $3 for a beef one! I always get extra chipotle sauce in mine and just one fills me up. 
Their other stuff is great too and the menu is always rotating. This location normally even asks if I want sauce in the drive thru. That's great because a lot of places don't which isn't fun. 
Another awesome thing you'll find at Taco Bell is Mt Dew Baja Blast. It's probably the best Mt Dew out there. The mt dew AM is good too (it's OJ and Mt Dew).
I eat here at least once a week because the food is awesome and cheap.
Well what can you really say, it's Taco Bell. My family rarely eat fast food, but once in awhile it always hits the spot. Unfortunately the service in the drive-thru deliberately tries to screw over the customer. Grouchy lady (not that I expect much anyway) with star tattoos on her neck ruined the experience. I asked for extra mild sauce, she repeated the request and then when we got home we had one packet for a family of four. Completely deliberate. If she's doing that imagine what she's doing to the store owner. Lady, if you don't like your job, quit! Let someone else get hired that wants to work.
Food is decent, but the service is SOOOO slow.  This has got to be the slowest Taco Bell i've ever been in, and that is saying a lot!  
I am obsessed with the Grillers, particularly the chipotle chicken w/ added nacho cheese. . Mmm... now I'm hungry.
I was in the drive thru about 10 minutes before they closed and the girl came over the speaker and said they were out of food and closed......ok
This is a weird complaint, but I absolutely hate when I can taste dirty tap water in food. Everything I had from this Taco Bell had a lovely City of Mesa aftertaste.
1st experience with the breakfast menu and not impressed. Had the sausage, egg wrap.  Not a lot of flavor truly needed the hot sauce.  Probably not going back for breakfast...
Taco's! I mean really it is a Taco Bell. Apparently they got an "A" from the health department on 6/27/2013....
The cashier here was very rude last time I went. I didn't even complete my order she was so rude, I just left. Looking online at the nutrition facts, I am glad I left, there is basically nothing on the menu I feel comfortable eating after looking at the information on how horrible their rubbish they serve as food really is.
Taco Bell... I favor the #7 and #8. Sometimes with nachos, sometimes with a burrito. However, a #8 with a burrito is like 1375 calories if you choose soda with your included drink. I think it's worth it sometimes... Other times I shudder the thought.
We got there at 9:59 and they still let us come in and eat indoors even though they had already mopped the place.  Good food...it's Taco Bell, and the staff was cool. Had never had the dorito taco, so i got the $5 combo box with that, a burrito and another regular taco.  Was good.  I was expecting more from the dorito taco tastewise, but it didn't taste bad or anything.
This location is a major disappointment. Today they forgot my order of cheesy fiesta potatoes, didn't provide napkins, and sloppily prepared the rest of my order. The staff employee at this location was also very rude when the mistake was brought to her attention. No apology whatsoever. The location on Val Vista and Baseline is worth the few extra minutes of travel time because they take orders accurately, are friendly, and their food tastes better.
The best homemade tortillas in Scottsdale!! Located in a historic adobe home in Old Town Scottsdale.  Dishes include ancho raspberry-encrusted pork chops and Shawnee sea bass with a cheese and rock shrimp quesadilla, topped with shoestring sweet potatoes. The banana crisp wrapped in a sweet tortilla with blackberry compote is out of this world.
I can't believe I have to give a star to this place in order to provide a review.

Had the worst restaurant experience, EVER, at this establishment.  The food was a nightmarish mess.  It was so bad it was hysterical!  Service was absolutely 3rd world!  The nerdy waitress had the nerve to overcharge our table $40.  The manager stumbled out bellowing, "What's your problem now?!" 

"FIRST OF ALL, we aren't pleased with the food and the waitress overcharged us." I retorted.

"Well get out, we're closing in 20minutes anyway!" he snickered.

Long story short --- this place is an overrated outhouse.
I've never been terribly impressed with the food. Way overpriced for the mediocre entrees they're serving up. But this is a great place to go for drinks & appetizers - sit on the patio around the fountain. The appetizers are decent and fairly priced and the ambiance is really nice. I like to take tourists here when they visit me. (Then if they're still hungry, we'll go to Los Sombreros for dinner!)

Do try their homemade tortillas with flavored butter - they're better than anything on the menu.
This place is just plain rank.  We were seated late - the food came cold and late and the time between the first plate and the last plate brought to our table was over 20 mins. I do not care if they comped the appetizers or the last entree' the place is a joke, and some loser in the bathroom asked me Hurry up while I was peeing in the urinal!!  It almost got violent.  Not only is the restaurant a loser the customers are also.
Decent food.  Had the poblano de mariscos - stuffed pepper with creamy / crab meat filling.  very rich.

Homemade tortillas were good, but not as wonderful as I remember from last September.

Great atmosphere.

Service was a tad slow.
A group of us went to Old Town Tortilla Factory as a local recommended the place. We sat outside on the patio, and it was nice to feel the water mist.

The food is NOT worth the price. I shared a Green Chile Enchilada Stack ($12) and Pollo Margarita ($20) with two other friends. The entrees were not impressive. The enchilada had so much cheese on it and I could barely taste the tortilla and the chicken. The enchilada sauce didn't bring out any flavor to the dish. The Pollo Margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers. It was topped with tequilla citrus sauce, and included potato cakes and vegetables. The chicken was sooooo dry. For $20, I was expecting to eat excellent chicken.

In addition, we had to ASK for the homemade tortillas. Come on!! Since they are known to make the tortillas, I was expecting tortillas to be made constantly.

Eh, not a good restaurant.
Old Town Tortilla Factory? Not so much. We went here tonight with a really fun group of friends because we had heard good things.....although the food was pretty good, the prices were a bit steep for what it was. You have to pay for the salsa, which always takes a Mexican restaurant down a notch in my book....shouldn't that just be part of the gig? Fine, so we paid the $3.99. We also ordered Queso Fundido, which was pretty tasty, but also pricey. The tortilla soup was a little thicker than I am used to, but it wasn't half bad. I had the soft tacos, and they were good, although it was a Cheesecake Factory amount of food (which is totally unnecessary...unless of course this is a Mexican play on words with the word "factory" in the name). My margarita was probably the highlight of the meal.....this place seems to have such potential. The atmosphere is neat, and it has a large patio that looks promising on a cool fall night. The service was fine, and the food was fine, but for almost $70 on a week night it's a bit overpriced. Most of the entrees are almost $20 a piece, but it's not like this place is super upscale or fancy....I think it needs to decide what it wants to be.....good ole Mexican or Mexican upscale. Right now it is a weird hybrid, and so you don't leave satisfied....or at least I expected good ole Mexican but left with a steakhouse bill! I would give it another shot, though.
thankfully it's warm enough in the desert to eat outside, with the aid of heating lamps. the house margarita is sublime, the horny isn't that bad looking either. i loved their mushrooms & tortillas. while there, the bartender convinced me to have some partida tequila. i sniffed, ogled &  proceeded to let the smoothness trickle down. great staff- they're really accommodating.
I pretty much agree with the lukewarm reviews.  This is another case of style over substance.  Old Town Tortilla Factory is to Sonoran what Sassi is to Italian, except where Sassi gets 5 stars for ambiance and 3.5 stars for food and to me is worth the price, OTTF gets  3.5 stars for ambiance and 2 stars for food and isn't worth the price.  So I think I'm being generous with the 3 star rating.  After reading the yelp reviews I made sure to not get my hopes up, but before leaving Boston my co-workers gave me a gift card here so I had to give it a shot. 
 
On to my particular experience. . .
 
The outdoor seating is very nice, but I wish the chairs weren't plastic.  Plastic works at brunch on a farm, not dinner in Scottsdale.  And I still can't believe how many heaters they had going at full blast, it was a calm 62 degrees when I was there.  If you get cold, throw on an alcohol jacket. 
 
Which is what my husband and I proceeded to do.  He had the Treasure Margarita - at first he balked at $11.25 but they give you a shaker to pour it yourself so it comes out to be like 1.5 - 1.75 drinks.  He liked it very much, but laughed when I had said another reviewer had called them "sublime".  I had a sauvingon blanc which had a funny taste to it.  Meh. 
 
Instead of bread and butter, there gimmick is, as you would guess, fresh house made tortillas.  When the waitress brought ours out she remarked that the spread was a cilantro butter, then proceeded to open the tortilla holder and said, "Oh, and the tortillas are cilantro flavored. . .they make new flavors all the time so I guess this batch was cilantro. . ."  Quick hint to OTTF - if you're serving cilantro butter, skip the cilantro flavored tortillas.  The tortillas were very good no doubt sans extra cilantro flavored butter. 
 
We started with the Chorizo Fundido which was nothing special.  It was a bit too creamy (think sour cream) and not cheesey enough, certainly not the Queso Guillermo at El Encanto which is a bowl of melted cheesey goodness. 
 
Since I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to spice, and considering nearly every dish is marked with a "spicy" chili logo, I asked the waitress how spicy the Chicken Calabacitas were.  She said that they are very safe with their "spicy" designation and none of the dishes have overpowering spice.  "It's not like you'd need a sip of water after every bite."  I trusted her unfortunately, and was disappointed that I needed a sip of water after every 2 bites.  Besides the spice, the dish was good and bountiful.  My husband ordered the Pork Chile Verde and was disappointed at how tough and chewy it was. 
 
The highlight of the meal was when we paid with the $75 gift card for the $67 meal (being so underwhelmed, we were willing to forfeit the additional $8 without getting anything else).  The waitress came back, apologized that she couldn't get the gift card to run properly, so instead of being left with $8 on the card she just gave us a new $10 card.  Of course, this now means we'll have to go back. . .at least for a drink. .
This place is a joke, the food is bland. Nay recommended!!!
Warning: My review might be jaded because I had just had amazing Mexican food at Dick's Hideaway (yum!) just the night before.  

The outdoor patio lighting was nice, but failed to give us the romantic atmosphere we were hoping for.  It also kept starting to rain on us.  One additional star for the waiter for being super willing and nice and able to find us an indoor table that we passed on 3 different times.

I love Mexican and Tex-Mex, but this restaurant was sub-par.  We had the appetizer sampler platter.  The santa fe roll was weird.  I dont like that the shredded/mashed beef was cold.  The flavor was just weird. The cheese sauce on the nachos was decent, as well as the pico de gallo that came on top. The ribs were okay, and were served room temperature.  The quesadillas were also just okay.

I was confused by the pablano pepper tortillas and butter they brought out.  I didn't know what to do with them.  Tried the butter on the tortilla.  Tasted like regular tortilla.  

I couldn't find the stuffing in my stuffed filet mignon.  It was just an 'okay' steak. 

For dessert we had the flan.  The almond liqueur gave it a good kick and was a good differentiating factor.  The slivered almonds was nice.

Sorry, but I won't come back.  There are plenty of other good & better Mexican restaurants in the area.
It's in a pretty good location in DT Scottsdale, just slightly off the beaten path.  There's a large area outdoors for those nice fall/winter nights.  

The pros:  the bread (in this case tortilla) is really good.  It's served with a special tasty spread.

The cons: the rest of the food is pretty mediocre.  

Service was not so good for a slow night.  Waiter only came by about twice.
A beautiful little oasis spot in a gorgeous location, this restaurant has survived off word of mouth for ages. My sister nominated this place to me as having the best Margaritas back before I was old enough to drink. Sadly, today this place is a mere shadow of its former self (if a place can have a 'self'). 

Today, the Margaritas taste like they came from a mix you could by at the grocery store. Much of the food is sub-par and tastes pretty bland... there is talent behind the scenes though. Management just chooses to cut corners to save money. Honestly, this place could really be magic. It's a good candidate for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. Especially considering that word of mouth is dwindling on this joint. It barely gets by on walk-in business from out-of-towners staying across the street at the Valley Ho, but even this won't last. 

A friend of mine works here (as does or did the short and slightly douchey Mike from the Paradise Hotel 2 reality show) and even admits that the place isn't doing well. It's really a shame because like I said, this was once a place that earned its word of mouth praise which was literally heaped on at one time.

As it is, this place is merely okay... the ambiance is better than the food, but it's not horrible. The only reason I suggest staying away is because I hope someday they turn it around and make it worth going again so that I can truly recommend it. If you do go, please tip generously. ;) Best times to go are early evenings in the spring or fall or on only the coolest of Arizona summer days.
My mouth is watering just thinking of the fluffy floured freshly made tortillas.  The tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing. And they should be.  I mean, it IS called the Old Town Tortilla Factory, so they had better be delicious.  

Other than that and the expansive twinkle-lit patio, there's nothing to really write home about here.  I found myself here twice in the past week so I was able to enjoy some great patio dining.

It seems like every Mexican/ Southwestern restaurant says they have the best margarita in Arizona.  OTTF makes that claim on the back side of their menu, along with a litany of other awards mostly from Citysearch.  City what?  City who?  The award-winning Treasure margarita looked impressive and robust presented with the shaker - providing an extra drink or so.  The taste was not anything out of this world like I expected.

The patio is really huge and makes up probably 70 percent of all the seating in the establishment abutting the quaint historic adobe home - meaning fall and spring are definitely the times to go here.  But the green plastic chairs - gahh!  A charming and impressive patio is diminished by the cheap picnic ambiance the chairs emit.

The food is ok.  The first time I had the Poblano de Mariscos -- stuffed poblano peppers filled with crab, cream cheese, herbed butter, roasted corn, diced red bell peppers with a shrimp cream sauce. The reality?  Stuffed peppers with mostly cream cheese and a smattering of crab flakes.  I couldn't even taste the crab.  The second time I ordered the tortilla soup and it wasn't all that great either.  It was more red than orange and had more chicken and not enough tortilla than I have had elsewhere.  It's ok if that the way you like it, but I will pass.  

The salsa was the worst though.  Mostly a red tomato sauce with bit of chile included.  It was the most mild and un-spicy salsa I have EVER had in my life.  I think Pace mild sauce is hotter than this stuff. Since I was with my friend Maya and a friend visiting from Queens, I was shouting "New York City?!" - mocking the old Pace commercials.  Maybe they accidentally served us Ragu.  Who knows? All was fine once we asked for habanero sauce to spice it up. 

2.5 stars overall. 5 stars for the tortillas.
For a place with "tortilla" in the title, there really wasn't much there that required a tortilla for the eating of it.  There was meat loaf, pasta and mashed potatoes on the menu.  That's Mexican?  It was very weird.  I had  the quesadillas, which were filled with vegetables and very tasty, but they should have grilled it more since the cheese wasn't fully melted.  The portions were a good size, and flavors were good, but not fabulous.

The tortillas with butter are a bit confusing to me.  What am I supposed to do with it?  Eat it like a piece of bread?  I'm a Midwesterner, so you might have to explain it a bit to me.

Our server was fantastic (and adorable).  He checked on us just the right number of times, and was friendly without being overbearing.
Pretty good.  5 of us decided to try it out.  Sara said her margarita was something to yelp about, so I am.

I had the quesadilla, it was stuffed with veggies but was really messy to eat.  It kept falling apart.  Gary had the meatloaf, he dug his mashed potatoes but said the meatloaf was too spicy.   Emily had a wrap type appetizer.  She really liked hers, and had leftovers.  I never have leftovers, I have a Gary! ha!  Kathy had salad with shrimp, and she ate it all, so it must of been good. 

The cheese tortillas were fantastic! Apparently they have 12 different tortilla flavors. For dessert we had almond flan with berries, SO GOOD!  More please!  And a chocolate cake, I didn't try any of it but it disappeared so it must of been good!

The patio was nice but it's summer in Phoenix so we ate inside.  I don't know if I would go here again.  It might make it's way into my rotation.  Maybe for a drink on the patio in the winter.
Ever see the 2 girls, 1 cup video?  I think I'd rather try that than ever eat at Tortilla Factory again.

It's that bad. Really. The worst (in every way) restaurant I have ever been to. In my entire life.  And I'm 369 years old.
I always here great stuff about this place.

The food and service totally suck.

The tortillas are pretty good and the scenery is great but seriously, a blind homeless guy could cook better.

Complete rip off, dont believe the hype.
Wow.  Some of these reviews absolutely floor me.  How can there be THIS much difference of opinion?

I just got back from a weeklong vacation with the family in Scottsdale, AZ and while looking for places to eat my wife had jotted down the "Old Town Tortilla Factory" on her pre-trip search.  She said the Food Network had them listed as some of the best Margaritas around.  So last Tuesday we stopped by for a few and some appetizers.  The kids ordered their non-alcholic cherry margaritas (on the kids menu) and some nachos. My wife, mother-in-law and I all ordered different Margaritas to compare.  We planned on getting the "Million Dollar Margarita" (well reviewed), but at $20 it just seemed steep.  But we were all raving about the Treasure Margarita.  Definately two thumbs up.  We also  some appetizers - "Nachos Del Sol" which is loaded with jalapenos, chorizo, pepperjack cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole and probably a few more things I can't remember. It had a kick to it, which I liked..... the small order was pretty well sized.  My wife & mother-in-law ordered the "Plato Apertivo" which was kind of like an appertizer sampler (ribs, Santa Fe rolls, nachos, quesadillas, etc).  They enjoyed that.   The Tortillas however, were OK.  they offer different kinds depending on what's the special of the day.  When we went it was Black Bean.  They were fresh and served with a dried tomato butter.  Interesting.  

Overall we had a great experience.  Good, friendly & prompt service and it wasn't crowded at all.  So good in fact that we went back for dinner on Friday night.  This time we went light on appetizers and ordered full meals.  I have to absolutely RAVE about the "Poblano de Mariscos" - it was two nicely sized poblano peppers, roasted and stuffed with a crab, cheese, roasted corn, red pepper stuffing over rice with a shrimp cream sauce.  It was AWESOME.  As good as a similar dish I like to get in a small restaurant I like in Cabo San Lucas.

My wife ordered the Achiote Ribs and my mother-in-law got the Pork Chile Verde.  All seemed quite happy with it.  My sister-in-law got the Penne con Pollo which she quite liked. The kids on the other hand, got orders of Mac 'n Cheese.  Hey, they're kids.

Overall I really liked this place and would definately go back again the next time I visit Scottsdale.  It beats the ever underwhelming, overpriced Cheesecale Factory or similar chains.
Rolled in last Saturday...still hot so we sat inside. Great atmosphere...service kind of slow however our waiter was very helpful. We ordered margaritas (platinum) they were served in a shaker A+ for that as we re-filled our glasses twice-good value. The chips were a bit stale the salsa OK, the flavored tortillas were great! I ordered the pork chops the wife a salad...the wife liked her salad and my chops were fantastic....the portions of both meals were huge A++. The overall dining experience with atmosphere was a solid 3-1/2 stars so I will round up because our waiter did a great job.
Food still tastes like doo doo.

And the service is still on par with the food.

Caveat emptor.
Great patio at night during the cooler months.

 We recently enjoyed the nice weather with a southwestern feast here. The menu was definitely Mexican, but a little off-beat too. This is a great place to go with a group of friends to get the "old town" party started.

Overall good food, nice atmosphere, fair prices, and an amazing location.
I found this place last April when I took my first work trip to the greater Phoenix area. It is located just west of the main drag of art galleries in Old Town Scottsdale. For someone who prefers mild warmth to severe heat, the atmosphere was perfect in April. Having just been there in February, the temperature was a little chilly.

The restaurant has an indoor seating area, though I cannot imagine a scenario when I would try to sit there. There is also a full patio which is why you have no reason to go inside. 

The patio (covered in the rain) has space heaters if it does get cold out. There is a beautiful fountain in the middle of the patio that mixes a fire and water show with ambiance. 

The menu is a modified Mexican. Traditional Mexican meals and tastes presented in new ways. The food is very good and I am told their margaritas, though not the best in town, are very good as well.
i heard so much about this place, so came with very high expectations.  the outdoor patio dining space is nice, the lighting is cute.  they have good tortillas and the tequila sampler was good.  everything else was just edible.  the funny thing is that everything looked tex-mex, and the ingredients were mexican but it just didn't taste so mexican to me.  maybe they should rename this place fusion tortilla joint - this way people can better prepare their taste buds and expectations.

lesson learned: filter the concierge recommendations with yelp.
the best patio in my opinion. such cool lights at night. the portions are hefty and tasty but their happy hour margarita's are buzz inducing and delicious. great for an evening out.
The atmosphere outside is amazing.  Im my opinion I think the setting is half the reason to go to a place.

Not only the atmosphere, but the food here will impress as well.  Their Sonoran Meatloaf is AMAZING.  I crave this all the time, and you will too once you experience it!
Underwhelming.  First time back in 5 years or so and I was looking forward to eating here.  We had such a nice experience the first time.  We went on a Friday night, kind of late, around 7:45pm.  We were seated right away, outside on the patio, which is nice.  Good margaritas.  But, the service and the food, um, not so much.  We were really pushed, being served our soup before our appetizer and our entree while we were still eating our appetizer.  Also, the food, which we liked so much has really dropped off.  The pasta my daughter had was very oily.  My pollo margarita was dry and almost tasteless.  My son-in-law's ribs were good, but not outstanding.  Overall, a disappointment.
Order appetizers and set outside.  The waitress was very helpful.  The food was alright.  I did enjoy the specially made tortillas and the spread.
I had my first date with my Wife here about 4 years ago (2005), and I really like this place! Great Scottsdale atmosphere- Not snooty or pretentious, just classy enough! Nice quiet bar for drinks, and really good food.
My first experience here was 9 or 10 years ago and I tried to go back a year ago at lunch time - SOL they are not open for lunch. I was underwhelmed this time. They do have an amazing tequila selection, one of the best I've seen. The green enchiladas were good, but the menu is limited and all of the wait staff that I observed seemed to be bothered that they had to wait on customers. And $4.99 for chips and salsa at a mexican place-it's not right!
As I walked in, I was reading some bad reviews on my blackberry.  But the joint was jumping, there were good-looking pople all around, and I had a good recommendation.  So I took a seat next to the flaming fountain on the patio, and absorbed the cool atmosphere.

I wasn't jazzed about the menu descriptions.  They all sounded dull:  grilled sea bass topped with shrimp over garlic mashed potatoes;  Grilled salmon with an apple glaze; various enchiladas; chicken with penne pasta.  I decided that a place called the tortilla factory has got to have good tacos, so I ordered the house tacos.  How could I go wrong?

I ordered chips and salsa, and the waiter brought some complimentary black bean tortillas with tomato butter.  I wolfed down one thick, leaden, undercooked flour tortilla and pushed the plate away.  Maybe the worst tortilla I've ever had!

The house tacos were just like the fajitas from any chain restaurant:  grilled chicken, steak, and shrimp with accompaniments: guacamole, beans, rice, and pico de gallo.  Shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable.

Each individual item was quite bland.  It all could have used a squirt of lime juice, some cilantro, or even just salt and pepper.  The gilled chicken was as tough as could be.  And the plain flour tortillas were nothing special.   I picked at the steak and shrimp and left the chicken.

Then I made a huge blunder and ate a second black bean burrito.  As I write this review, I can feel this baseball-sized lump of dough in my stomach.   

The atmosphere is cool, but the food stinks.  It reminded me of cafeteria food:  bland, overcooked, and not really fresh.
Went to the Factory thinking that it was going to be some great place that gives you beans and rice for some spectacular tortillas.  One would be lead to think since they are called "The Tortilla Factory".  But this wasn't the case.  As someone stated below the tortillas are your starter.  They give it to you in place of chips and salsa, or bread and butter.  

Looking at the menu we really didn't see what we thought we were going to see, we got some recommendations from the staff and ended up with Meatloaf (very good by the way) and a dried out pork chop that was covered in a chipotle raspberry sauce (gave me a great idea for my next BBQ) they stated this dish was there best/fav. dish.  

Very overpriced.  Margaritas that can run you from $8-$35.  Yeah it was good (I got the $10 marg.) and would have loved to ordered another, but we still had to pay for the food.

Overall, I would go back knowing what to expect.  We would order less and eat more of the free tortillas and salsa.  We could have even shared an entree, and gotten some appetizers.  The entrees were large and we had take home.  The flavors of the food were terrific.  The meatloaf was wrapped with bacon.....tasty....
I love this restaurant for many reasons... 

Great service, great atmosphere, and great food! 

I recommend the Pork Chops, Seabass, or the Meatloaf. All the Margaritas are awesome. 

Located in Old Town Scottsdale this is a great place to start your night then head out the the bars after a great meal and a few drinks.
Moved to Scottsdale yesterday. While our furniture is set to arrive next week, we decided to stay at Valley Ho for a few nights. Didn't want to go far from the hotel since we were super tired, having just driven down from San Francisco. Decided on the TF. 

Maybe it was the warm weather, outside seating, good margaritas, or maybe it was that I hadn't had those things in so long...SF just can't seem to get that combo right. Whatever the case, the place was good. 

House-made black bean tortillas with a chili butter to start...good stuff. This was followed by queso fundido (I have missed you) and chips and salsa fuega. California, by-and-large, can't get cheese dip right. Not sure why, or maybe I've just been eating at the wrong places over the last decade. Either way, this was great. Salsa fuega lived up to its name, too. Spicy and roasty. Chips were crispy, not greasy. 

Margarita was fantastic. No sour mix. Actual citrus. Always makes the difference. 

Entrees...red chix and cheese enchiladas and pork chili verde. Both were really good. Red sauce on enchiladas was no joke. Complex and good. Potatoes in the chili verde could've stood to be salted more, but there was salt on the table...problem solved. 

Service was what sealed the deal. 

Why only 4 stars? As I mentioned, I was tired and only just getting acclimated to the change in weather, scenery, and general niceness of AZ. I'll def go back in a month or so, and see if it was as good as I remember. Until then, this is my story..and I'm def sticking with it.
YUMMY!
Pretty sweet and simple. I haven't had the opportunity to dine in, but I hear the ambiance is great. We generally do take out when we work late nights, and the food hasn't disappointed me yet. 

The Nachos del Sol is great..
Tortilla chips topped with chorizo, pepperjack cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole,chipotle sour cream & jalapeno peppers with house salsa. (not appropriate for those sensitive to heartburn) 

A healthier approach would be  the Tequila lime salad with grilled chicken. The dressing is a great touch and the flavors just mix well w/ the chicken and greens.

Last but not least- you must try the Chicken Tortilla soup. Thick, and sooo good with the touch of avocado and sour cream. 

So next time you're looking for a different touch for take out- you should try Old Town Tortilla Factory
First night in town and we decided on Mexican food. This place was recommended by the concierge thus we tried it. The outdoor dining area is terrific but was awfully dark making reading the menu difficult. The menu items were more of an "upscale" selection. Our dinners were fantastic, but I would prefer some more traditional choices, as well.
Make no mistake - this isn't a mexican restaurant, and the menu seemed somewhat random to me.  Anywho.  

My husband and I arrived early to head to the bar for a drink before our reservation.  I ordered a margarita, and loved the extra shaker that went along with it - nice touch!

The group arrived and we headed to the patio, which was made quite warm by the heaters.  We started with one order of the Chorizo Fundido, and were brought two big bowls of chips and salsa to go along with it.  Word on the street was that it was delicious, but as a vegetarian I withheld.  A little while later, we were served some yummy warm tortillas and butter - a nice treat!  

There aren't many vegetarian options.  I was able to ask for the tacos with extra black beans instead of the meat, and our server was extra accommodating.  It came with 3 small tortillas and a plate full of lettuce, guac, beans, tomatoes, and rice.  It was good....but a little pricey for what it was.  

Overall, this was an A-Ok restaurant but our server made it a Yay!  He was friendly and helpful.  He was professional.  He offered, pleasantly, to split checks for our group of 8 and even knew who was together.  Kudos to him!
A group of friends and I tried here too on Saturday.  The margaritas were fantastic, but the food was so-so for everyone at the table.  The setting is really unique and fun to hang around.  I would go to the Tortilla Factory again...as long as we were just going for drinks and atmosphere - not for food.
I have been here twice, both were very different experiences. First time ain't half bad, the second time was pretty awful. 

The first time I came here was for a rehearsal dinner (something I learned they are well known for) and had a great time. We sat outside on the patio and it had a very relaxed feel to it. The food was good and they kept the margarita's coming. 

I went here last week and had a really blah experience. I grew up in Tucson so I am used to fantastic Mexican restaurants, and I was wrong to assume that this was in the same boat. I like when menus are five pages long, there are combo plates, rice and beans come with every entree, and chips and salsa are given (not ordered) and continually refreshed as soon as you finish the bowl. Old Town Tortilla Factory had none of those, on top of the fact that there was only one vegetarian option on the entire menu. I ordered the chicken enchiladas (minus chicken, meaning just cheese) and they were not great; they actually had a sour/tart taste to them. 

Our server was also not-so-great, he was MIA for the majority of the meal which made it difficult to get refills, condiments, and our check. Also, it was kind of pricey, especially since the quality was pretty low. 

I will say this, their order of guacamole is large and in charge (about 3 avocados worth) and pretty tasty.
so sad when you have a bad experience but i hope it's the only time because we liked this place. 

the food can be marginal....but what i hate is bad service. we must have gotten a trainee, which is fine, but attitude is everything. i don't berate, complain, or otherwise be rude to my patients (not to their face anyway). it's bad work ethic and i'm providing a service to make them feel better and to let them know i care...

ugh....our waitress kept rushing us all night....taking away the chips too soon, constantly pushing the bill on us "have you paid, have you paid, have you paid"....enough! for christs sake, it's not even that busy right now, relax! couldn't get our bill right either. as for the food this night....cold and slightly stale tortillas....the stuffed quesadilla was absolutely flavorless and way too cheesy/greasy....yikes. better luck next time!
Not bad.  This place came up in a Yelp search for Mexican but I'm not sure I'd call it a Mexican restaurant.  Food was good, however, and different.  

I had the Pollo Margarita and really enjoyed it, especially all veggies.
So I have completely been MIA lately! It makes me sad, and I realized that I haven't not been going to as many new places or seeing new sites without Yelp's guidance! So this is my return.

Old Town Tortilla Factory was a-ok in my books! I had the enchilada and it was truly delicious. It was almost tex-mex and not truly a "mexican" enchilda, but it was still tasty! The sauce had just the right amount of kick, the tortilla appetizer was delicious, and our server was friendly and gave us space. I'd definitely recommend it as long as you keep in mind that it's not TRULY mexican food...

The only thing I would change? It was cold and windy and the heater wasn't close enough to our table to really warm things up ... but if that's my only complaint it wasn't too shabby. :)
It's not bad and it's not great.  I definately don't think it's worth the price.. But, I get why people go here.  I guess I'm just one of those folks that doesn't need an expensive diner menu to feel that I am getting quality mexican food.  In addition to this, we were starving when we got there, so we wanted some chips and salsa, which we ended up paying for.. Which is fine and all, but I kinda like when those are complimentary..

The tortillas they had the night I was there were potato.  They were delicious.  I could have lived off of them, and the margaritas.  Which, btw, were a great price during happy hour. ($5)  I had an enchilada dish and it was good.  My boyfriend had a pasta dish, and it was also good.  All in all, what we ate was good.  That's all, just good.  If I go back, which I don't know if I will unless someone else suggests it, I'm going to live off the tortillas and margs..

Soo, overall, 5 stars for the tortillas, 4 stars for the margaritas, 3 stars for the service, and 2 stars for the food quality vs. price...
Best house margarita in Phoenix. 

Their ingredients are standard, but something makes them tangy and I can't figure it out to duplicate at home. Keeps me coming back I guess. 

We'd be back more if they offered better vegetarian selections...
Had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac.  Homemade tortillas were a huge hit with our table!  Service was great - quick, but not rushed and very attentive.  I'll be back again.
disappointing. we asked the waitress for suggestions and she provided a couple of suggestions including the "starred" pollo margarita. waitress recommendation, star on the menu, highlighted in red.. must be good right?

WRONG. the chicken was dry, the potato cake unimpressive, the seasonal vegetables were okay. this dish was so not very good that my mom who hates wasting food.. refused to help me finish it.  she hardly ever says that she doesn't like a dish, she'll usually just say "oh its different" or "its okay.." but she was pretty straightforward in expressing her displeasure at this dish.

this place is a bit overpriced, service was just okay and the food... i could have done without..  i don't live in the area, but even if i did, i wouldn't come again.. nice people, just didn't care for anything else..
After reading about this restaurant featured in a Phoenix Travel magazine for its patio dining, my hubby & I decided to give it a shot.  The wait was long, the servers were nice, the place was super busy and the patio was beautiful  (Minus the really cheap plastic patio chairs).

It was nice to wander the local art galleries during our wait time.

Food was decent.  I have no complaints, but I found myself wondering if any of the other patios that we'd past, may have had better more unforgettable foods on the menu.  Oh well.

P.S.  I didn't realize they were going to automatically bring tortillas to the table so I made the mistake of ordering chips & salsa.  NOT necessary unless you want to stuff yourself before your meal :)
This place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local. The menu was nothing but heavy-heavy dishes in the heat of Spring they need to lighten the menu options. I mean really- Rack of Ribs, Steak, Stuffed Chicken and some other options that weren't very good. 

Don't get me started on the staff!  Our waiter was arrogant and uninformative. If you don't want to be known as a Mexican restaurant maybe you should change the name....last I looked tortilla's were strictly a Mexican dish. So what kind of restaurant is it?  Over priced and living on it's historic name and local. 

So if you go for drinks, I'm with Noah the house margarita is the best and it packs a kick so be careful!  My friend had the fancier version and didn't like it as well as the house.
Best House Margarita in town, hands down. Honestly, I've tried to duplicate their tangy concoction a few times--the waitstaff says it's the standard stuff--I'm convinced they let the lime juice go a little bad to make it tangy. Call me crazy. Doesn't matter how they make it though, cause that shit's fantastic and it keeps me coming back. 

Can't remember their food too much. I mostly just remember that their vegetarian options are sparse or less-than-exciting.

If you've not been to OTTF, make sure to sit outside; you're wasting your time if you end up inside.

BTW, I've only dumped ice from the margarita tumbler all over the table once. Woohoo!
Yuck.   Great tequilas, food is not worth writing home about.  If you are into sundried tomato butter and flour tortillas, then enjoy.  The food was mediocre at best, not worth the time it took to get there.  Tex Mex, and their specialty are their signature potato flour tortillas.  They claim best in show (Food Network) and if that's the case, then I'd stop watching FN... not even worth appetizers.  HOWEVER, head over to the bar and talk tequila!  They are proud of their selection, and on a quiet nite out, even the most experienced tequila lovers will learn a thing or two.  As for the food, touristy and blech .  Im not a fan of tex mex... better luck next time.  El gusto del buen provecho, definitivamente no fue nuestro!
We've been here twice and both times we've had a good experience, the only reason why it's not 5 stars is that both times it took 10 minutes for someone to come to our table to get our order. We would get waters or our drinks, but then end up staring at each other since there was no waiter around.

I loved the house salad: field greens tossed with honey balsamic dressing, jicama, pico de gallo & mandarin oranges. Very fresh and nice blend of dark and light greens. Perfecto.

The Carne De Fuego entree was not bad, it was steak with chipotle honey sauce, good portions, I was stuffed at the end of the night!

Their Platinum margarita is delicious, I liked how they gave me whatever they couldn't pour in the margarita glass as well.

The outdoor patio dining area definitely made it a little more special for me and the hubs. Can't wait to come back!
I would not consider this Mexican food but they sure do make a delicious tortilla and a yummy margarita that comes with a shaker to top off your glass throughout your meal.
I sat on the patio on a normal 108 degree July evening in Phoenix and even the misters were not strong enough to battle the heat.  My skin kept sticking to the cheap plastic patio furniture when I would try to move.  The ambiance made up for all of that.
It took a while for the server to come over and take a drink order but I was given an extra large glass of water as soon as I was seated so at least I stayed hydrated while waiting for my Mrs. Sames Original Margarita.  I ordered the Old Town Tacos w/o shrimp.  Took a while for it to come out and they don't bring out complimentary chips/salsa ($4.99 on the apps menu) so my Margie kept me company.
The plate finally came out piled high with steak, chicken, black beans, rice, lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole.  They also bring out flavored tortillas and butter with the meal which they say is their version of bread and butter - could have used them around the same time an Italian restaurant serves their bread and butter.  Anywho, tonight's flavor was cheddar cheese tortilla with a sour cream and chive butter.  They were really good.  As for the taco plate, the steak was good but too smokey flavored to eat on its own.  It was just right when wrapped up in a tortilla with all the other fixin's.
For dessert, I had the banana crisp with blackberry compote.  It was good but nothing to write home about. The cinnamon covered tortilla that the bananas were wrapped in could have been crispier and the blackberry compote did not have enough flavor.  The compote would have also been better if it had been served warm.  The whole thing was just too mushy for me.  The one thing they got right with this dish was the presentation. It was so pretty that I took a picture before I took a bite.
One more thing they could improve on - the music.  It was a step up from elevator music.  Not what I want to hear at a dinner table.
The end.
This place is the perfect example of a tourist trap.  Nice location not far of the main drag of Old Scottsdale, beautiful building and layout.  The margaritas are good, but probably $2-$3 more expensive than they ought to be for every one of the many styles.  I thought paying $5 for chips and salsa was a rip-off, but then when the chips tasted stale, I was even less happy.  C'mon, if you have tortilla and factory in your name, you ought to have fresh chips.  I thought the tortillas themselves were okay, not great, but okay.  The carne fuego, or whatever I had the waitress recommended, was not good.  Small chunks of fire roasted steak completely ruined by a gloppy sweet/hot sauce. The veggies that went with it were just okay and the sweet potato-stuffed chile was weird.  It could've been great, but it was nowhere near good.  Unless your Aunt Hattie who has never had Mexican food is in town from Ohio, i'd skip this place altogether.
I can't believe the 3 out of 5 ratings. This place rocks. 4 different meals...all boss. I promise you I have no affiliation to the place.
I will skip this place next time I am in the area.  Staff?  Don't get me started!  Everything, including the food is overrated.
The good: Margaritas, fresh tortillas, service.
The bad: bland, over-priced food.  Don't put a pepper beside a dish on the menu representing a "spicy" dish and then have it be bland of flavor and heat.  I had the pork chili verde and the pork was boiled and tough.  
I really did want to like this place more-the ambiance is great and if you just want to meet up with friends for some nachos and drinks, then you will be fine.  But, if you want to go and have a good meal....there are many better choices in the area.
Old Town Tortilla Factory's patio and outdoor ambiance is beautifully romantic. On a perfect Arizona evening in the spring or fall, it's an excellent spot to enjoy the comfortable climate. One star awarded. 

But if you do anything besides sit on the patio, you will be disappointed. Four stars deducted.   

Our server took our order after we had been seated for about 10-15 minutes. Then it was like she completely forgot that she had to actually bring us our margaritas and food. Total space cadet. We asked for things, like waters, that never came. 

Call me crazy, as most people do, but I was also highly irritated by the fact that the chips and salsa here are not complimentary. That's something I expect from a Mexican dining destination. For the top shelf pricing, they could at least throw in a measly chip and salsa bowl on the house. Yeah, their tortillas with cubes of butter are supposed to replace the chips and salsa...... but tortillas and butter? Methinks not. Methinks that I'd much rather have chips and salsa!

The food is mild to bland, yet it costs a pretty peso. I ordered the "El Tesoro Del Mar" - a salad (consisting of mostly iceberg lettuce ick), spicy honey chipotle dressing (waaaaay too sugary with too little spice), pico de gallo, corn, black beans, tortilla strips and large gulf shrimp (only 4 shrimp!! and they were hardly large, more like small to medium sized!!). This disappointment of a dish cost about $15. Overrated. I can honestly say I've had a much tastier shrimp salad at Baja Fresh, for half the price and double the shrimp nonetheless. 

I tired some of the enchiladas that Matt ordered, and they tasted forgettable at best. I've had better enchilada sauce from a store bought can. And then my mother, who was in town visiting for the weekend, ordered the grilled salmon. She was so unimpressed by the meal that she didn't even finish it... and she always finishes her food. It takes a lot of skill to mess up something like a grilled salmon. 

As far as their margaritas go, they are good but with the $8.50 to $11 price tag I'm just not convinced that they are worth it. I've had better margaritas at places with better menus. I can honestly say that after eating here once, I have ZERO desire to ever go back.
The food, service, and atmosphere are great, but for the money you can get better elsewhere.  It is a good "first date" place or anniversary meal place when you want to talk during your meal - nice and quiet.  I'll probably go back but not frequently.

Try a Tequila Flight!  Very educational and a nice way to sample several tequilas and not get plastered.

They could put just a little pizazz into this place and make it really neat - a "must do" activity.
I have been here twice. My first time here was great. I sat outside and the atmosphere was awesome. The service is good and the portions are large. I love the Margheritas and the guac is very tasty.  The old town tacos are amazing. However, the second time I dined here I ate inside and  the atmosphere was dark and crowded. The tables were too small and the space is cramped. I would go back here in the summer when the weather is nice because the experience is completely different when you can sit outside. It was like going to two different restaurants depending on the weather.
2 people $70+ for $12.00 worth of food given the quality.  (and $12 is pushing it)

The patio is very nice and I think would be both fun and fine for drinks, chips, guacamole, and salsa.  The Salsa is quite good.  If your planning to eat, go elsewhere!

However, that's about where it ends from our experience.  Tortilla factory's food didn't rate on par with even some of the taco carts around town (some of which are actually quite good, so it's probably in insult to the carts to compare them with this place).  

We ordered the mole ribs.  The mole was not traditional and was very bad; ribs were dried out and cold.  I think maybe they made the mole early in the day, and then held it around.  The taste was sour, burnt, and harsh.  Not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole.

We then went on to have several main dishes.. one of which was the green pork Chile Verde.  The presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad.   Think Alpo.   The flavors of the sauce as good but, the meat was dry and tough.

The other dish we had was a sweet honey steak dish.  The flavor was fair, presentation was decent however.

Overall, I'd have to say I felt sorry for the servers and anyone going here thinking that they are getting a taste of local fare.   Sadly, the food is a very poor representation of the city and its diverse southwestern/Mexican culture.

This restaurant has such potential due to its location, but, it's time to change out the chef or get a restaurant consultant in and refresh the menu for it ever to be taken seriously for anything but drinks on the patio.   If you want good southwestern fusion fair in old town Scottsdale, try "The Mission" on the other side of Scottsdale road and just a couple blocks south or Barrio Cafe in central Phoenix.
Brought a group of 16 people to dinner.  For having a big group they did a good job attending to us. Set us up outside real nice set up with lights and nice weather that evening.  
Food was very good, if you like spicy food, this is a good place for it.  Platinum margaritas were delicious, wish the would sell by the pitcher, cause their prices for drinks were a little high.  Margaritas should not be more than $10 dollars for top shelf, unless your seeing 12 oz or more. 
Nice place for a night out and location gives you options to walk and see art gallery and hit many of the other bars in the area.
Oh my gosh..  This restaurant is amazing.  Love the patio and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  The blue corn tortillas are totally yum.  (Mouthwatering just thinking about it.).  They have great margaritas and menu. 

If you have not been here, go like NOW!!! If you are ever in the Phoenix area, you need to try this place out.

It is a casual place with a higher end price (otherwise if you are on a limited budget, this is a special occasion place).
I had my rehersal dinner here for my wedding.  I had a lot of people coming in from out of town and staying at the Vally Ho so we chose this place because it was within walking distance.  I must say I was hesitant because I went with my then fiance (now husband) for dinner one night just to check it out and I was not impressed with the food.  However my very large group was so well accomodated, I couldn't have asked for more.  I would hightly recommend getting the hors d'oeurves packages that they offer.  A great price and something for everyone, they can get a plate and munch at bar tops with drinks while talking to everyone.  It was like having a bar with drinks and food just for my wedding party and family.  A truly great experience and I look forward to using this restaurant in the future for any event that requires a great atmosphere with great food and great service, for a large party.
My wife and I love this place .. super chill atmosphere and there tortillas ..  Amazing, I highly recommend this place the food is great and the over all vibe is very cool
Initially, this place had a solid 5 stars going for it. Waited in the bar for our table and had a drink which was very good.  After a short wait, we were seated in the patio area, which has a relaxing, running water type feel going on. I dug it. We ordered a couple more drinks which came out immediately along with some chips and salsa. I must say that the salsa was incredible. At this point the dining experience was really good, but then the food came out. After taking a couple bites, we both stared at each other with a WTF kind of look on our faces. The texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong. We pushed the plates away, ordered another round and spent the next 30 minutes debating how we thought the meat was cooked.

Aesthetically, this place is amazing! The staff was friendly and very helpful and the bar was above average for a restaurant. Unfortunatelly, for Old Town, I go to restaurants to eat, and frankly the food here sucks.
Nothing ticks me off more than having to spend a lot of money on food that doesn't taste good. The patio atmosphere was nice, and our waitress was attentive, but the prices were very high and the food was bland at best. Even the salsa was lacking. If you are looking for good Mexican food, don't look here.
Mixed feelings about this place.  Good food was a plus for sure and the outdoor patio is very pleasant.  Drinks and food are pricey but thats to be expected but the service really blew.  We were with a large group but man the waitress never even came to my end of the table except for my initial order, I had to get up twice to get service and they never even brought chips and salsa. We were the last table in the place and they practically ignored our table.   Wont be returning with so many choices.
Go for the ambiance and not the food. I recommend only the margaritas and the kids menu. The food was virtually inedible. Mahi mahi and pork tasted like they were left out on the windowsill overnight. For a Saturday night during spring break and spring training, the Place was half filled with tourists and locals with no taste buds. Go at your own risk.
Mexican restaurant review numero dos...The Tortilla Factory.

How are the ratings on this little gem so low? I loved it. I visited the Tortilla Factory and sat outside on their lovely little romantical patio. The garden-ish area was lit by pretty white lights and the service was perfect. 

I ordered fish tacos and they were incredible. My +1 ordered the salmon and it was super good as well. 

Hit this place up, you won't be disappointed.
We had a group reservation for The Old Town Tortilla Factory, that was great. The problem was that was about all that was great about the place. The credit card machine in the bar was down for the time we were waiting for our table, chips and salsa was $7 and the food was not really good at all. I had asked our waitress about two items and she suggested the restaurants signature dish Pollo Margarita, stuffed chicken breast with chiptole mashed potato cake and seasonal vegetables. The chicken was extremely dry the stuffing was bland and the mashed potato cake was the same bland and dry. The only thing good to eat was the freshly made tortillas.
Great outdoor patio...but that is about it.  Went last night and the highlight of my meal was the cheese on the nacho appetizer.  I tried their signature margarita chicken dish...what a disappointment that was....had no taste and wasn't hot.
I don't get all the bad reviews.

I popped in for dinner last night. Saturday. 7pmish. Yes, it was busy, and the wait was about 90 mins or so.

Our party went over to the bar and promptly sat down. This is where things could have become a bit of an issue. It was a bit of a clusterfuck in there. No servers, one bartender. We had no idea what we were supposed to do.

Wait at the table? Go to the bar and place an order?

Eventually, we were able to order our food and drinks. We summoned someone to come over and the service ended up being great from there. 

We received our drinks and appetizer in a flash. We ordered the crab dip. It was tasty, but a little bland. Perhaps it needed salt....but it definitely needed a kick. Make sure to ask for a few hot sauces (cholula at a minimum). Also be sure to ask for chips and salsa. It seems like this is by request only.

The crab dip came with just six chips. Kind of sad. Oh well.

Like I said though....the speed of service and general attitude whenever we needed refills and whatnot was good. This made up for the potentially disastrous start to the evening.

We were eventually seated at our table in the patio. Oh yeah. Don't ever come to this place and sit inside. It's a waste. Trust me....I am usually the kind of guy that prefers sitting inside.

The patio is dimly lit, is very romantical. Perfect for a date....if you are brave enough to take a date to a mexican place.

Service was no issue from here on out. So if you read all the other reviews and see notes on bad service....you heard it from me. Mr. Elite Yelper. The service was great.

While the server took our order, she brought out red pepper tortillas with garlic butter. Nom.

I ordered the Carne De Fuego. Tender pieces of steak in a honey chipotle sauce, with peppers, onions. Garnished with a green chile pepper that was stuffed with a mashed sweet potato.

The food was VERY good. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meal. I heard no complaints.

Also, our server was pretty friendly. Made good conversation and even took our photo at the end of it all. 

A great night, with great food, but most importantly....great company. 

Bring your friends. Bring your lady. Bring your man. Bring someone. It's worth sharing.
This place is always worth the wait.  The atmosphere is unique and the food is excellent.  Be patient! 

On both occasions I've dined here we passed the time with drinks and appetizers at the bar.  If you sit inside for pre-dinner libations, bring a sweater--the a/c is cranked up and it gets quite chilly.  

After finding a table at the bar we had to wait for our [nonexistent] waitress to come take our drink orders...but the Tortilla Factory redeemed themselves.  Our drinks came out in record time, as did our crab dip.  I wasn't impressed with this dish--definitely not what I was expecting crab dip to be.  Definitely ask for extra chips and salsa (and some hot sauce...the salsa isn't spicy at all).   The waitress later came by to apologize; the poor girl was running around servicing over 15 tables by herself!  

The 90 minutes quickly passed and we were soon seated on the expansive patio.  It's so intimate and the service is friendly and prompt.  I had the shrimp salad.  The prawns were huge and tender--charred to perfection.  The greens were crisp and plentiful.  The cilantro dressing was AMAZING.  Just the right amount of food. 

This is one of my favorite restaurants in town because of the unique touches: fresh, house-made tortillas with garlic butter...candlelit dining...a fountain with blazing fire...delicious food...AND unpretentious people!  Definitely a world of its own. 

If you're in Scottsdale, you MUST visit this restaurant!
I am so not a tequila person.  (Long story involving training police officers, shots of Hornitos and throwing up on a room mate).  Point being, even margaritas can be painful for me.  Although I make an exception for this place.  I don't go often (again because of the Tequila issue) but when I do go I go all out.  The food is good, more Richardson's style than say Garcia's mexican style.  The margaritas are huge.  $10.00 for two good pours.  A fun place to go with friends and sit and catch up.  There is generally a long(ish) wait but well worth it.  It's even worth braving the tequila monster.
Not overly impressed.......  It was a large group which I know presents some problems, but the server was not attentive (maybe because he know there would be a Forced 18% tip??). The food was OK, the drinks were OK, although a little on the expensive side. You have to BUY Chips, but thier so-so tortilla's are free.....  Checks showed up severl in a folio, but nothing was said, leading to some confusion. Then the server was indignat about it.  Not sure I would go back, which is a shame as the atmosphere was good..........
Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!!!

Customer Service was AWEFUL, on a scale of 1-5 food was 1, drinks were ok, the only good thing was the atmosphere, which is NOT going to change my mind about going back there, I've had much much better fish tacos @ Rubio's & Baja Fresh for fraction of the price & didn't have to go to dinner somewhere else after leaving, which we had to do after leaving Tortilla Factory!

There are Plenty of Great places in Scottsdale with Great food, Great service, Great drinks & Great atmosphere.

We even tried talking to the manager but he got all Upset & tried to make us feel like we were lucky to be there & didn't know what we were talking about.

So if you want, BAD Service, Over Priced & Tasteless food & like to waste your money this is the place for you!
This place did not impress me at all. The food was mediocre at best and expensive, service was horrible, much better food at Taco Bell. 

The waiter was nowhere to be found most of the evening, when he brought the checks they were doubled up in the Folios with no explanation. 

When the waiter returned the checks for credit card signatures he dropped them in a big pile and left. 

We approached the Manager to discuss the service, he was very indignant and made us feel as if they were doing us a favor by allowing us to visit their establishment. 

Definitely would not recommend this restaurant unless you value poor service, high prices and mediocre food. 

I will definitely never eat at this restaurant ever again.
We have dined at the Old Town Tortilla Factory several times over the years and as recently as two weeks ago.  

The outdoor seating area is very nice, there is a roomy bar and fairly large indoor restaurant (I agree with Sarah K., bring a sweater).  

The Chorizo Fundido is delicious!!  They serve it with a large bowl of chips.  I always ask for a side of soft corn tortillas too, they are a nice change from the chips. 

The Plato Appertivo is gigantic, you could feed four people with this thing.  The nachos, ribs and quesadillas were all fantastic.  There is a generous scoop of their great guacamole on top and a bowl of salsa on the side.  You might want to ask for the chipotle sour cream on the side rather than on the quesadillas - it has a great smoky taste but can dominate easily so I prefer to regulate the portion.

The enchiladas and soft tacos are very good.  Their flour tortillas are great (when they bring them).

Margaritas were excellent and generous for the price.

Service can be spotty.  If you're in a rush or are frustrated by slow service to the point it impacts your food enjoyment, this place may not be your cup of tea.  I enjoy the food/drinks so I go when I know I have the time to be patient.  Test it out during a leisurely happy hour and see what you think.
We went here last night after more highly rated Yelp places nearby were completely empty.  It was a slow night for dining out although the weather was fantastic.  We saw this place and loved the outdoor seating.   

Service was terrific.  Our waitress was very honest about the menu and what she liked and didn't like. When I asked her opinion about an appetizer, she said not to get it but to have chips and salsa instead.

As for the meal, I took her feedback and ordered the grilled mahi mahi tacos. They were small but I am not a big portion eater.  Probably better as an appetizer for most people. They were FANTASTIC.  Best fish tacos I've had in a long time. Loved it was a small size and I sometimes hate eating at Mexican restaurants with huge portions.

Chicken Margarita was also great which was a waitress pick.  Red enchiladas had a lot of sauce (almost mole) and were just okay.  That person in the group wished she listened to the waitress.

Margaritas were all tasty, too.  We all will return when we are back in Scottsdale!
Wow, just wow. I'm sitting here with the worst tummy ache from eating at Tortilla Factory last night. I really wanted to love this place but the only thing to love is the patio and the sweet, albeit late servers. My friend D's veggie quesadila came...it was microwaveably uninteresting. My steak dish -Carne Del Fuego I think, never came, and when I asked to cancel it, it was brought out and unfortunately prob the worst concoction of flavours I ever tasted. It was as if someone chewed some meat up in their mouth, spit it out on my plate and covered it in warm honey mustard. It was reminiscent of spaghettio's. Sorry Tortilla Factory, I really am...and if I didn't have such a headache I might wax more poetic about the atmosphere. Bottom line, order some wine and soak in the beautiful patio. That's at least worth a few stars.
Great service got there when they opened and hardly anyone was there. Our server mike was really nice. Tried the margarita chicken and  I loved it. Tequila lime sauce was to die for. And the quesadillia was huuuuuge! Its a little pricey but hello your in scottsdale!
Wow. All I can say is wow. I have lived in Scottsdale for a looooooong time and usually when I dislike a place, it's for something like customer service, or overcooking my $35 steak, or a hair in my corn chowder, but this, this was an EXPERIENCE. My best buddy moved back from San Diego this past year and it was her birthday. She loves Mexican food and I had heard about the "great patio" and "delicious margaritas" this place had. It is also next to one of my favorite hotels, the Valley Ho. Well, everything I heard about this place IS true. The margaritas WERE good (better be at over $9 a pop) and the patio is breathtakingly lovely. But OH MY GOD... the food is INEDIBLE, and when I mean INEDIBLE, I mean I swing by McDonald's on the way home for chicken nuggets. THAT inedible. The salsa was so weak I had to ask for hot sauce to basically make it go from tomato paste to some flavor. We ordered a crab dip, and it was just chunks of crab (which I was fairly confident was imitation, but mind you, I was sucking down as many margaritas as I could to mask the horrendous meal I was consuming) and avocados. I didn't even understand it. I ordered mole ribs, and the were inedible. I took two bites, and threw it away when I got to a dumpster. Normally, if it was me just dining alone, or with my fiancee, I would have wigged out, but it was a birthday, for my friend, and in all honesty, our server was top notch. She was so sweet, attentive, and wonderful, and took all of our pictures, and helped us cut the cake and everything. I would have felt bad complaining, ruining a birthday, and frankly, what would I complain about? "Your food tastes flavorless"? "I have had better Mexican food at Del Taco"? I am at a loss at how this place is still in business. It was SLAMMED when we were there. Please, if you want Mexican food in south Scottsdale, go to the Mission. I am embarrassed to say I did not check out what my fellow yelpers would have said about this place, cause I would have steered clear! Dear Tortilla Factory, go to Mexico for a while and learn what a taco tastes like, heck, just save yourself the trip and go to Taco Bell.
We live in Litchfield Park, but took the trip to Scottsdale based on this place's reputation. The building and decor are super nice in a throwback Spanish mission sort of way. The separate "tequilleria" and patio are attention getting. since it was 119 degrees, we sat inside. 

That is where the fun ended. 

We ordered chips and salsa for $5. No big deal, but where else do you pay for that in any sit down joints anymore? They do bring out fresh tortillas, gratis, but we didn't know that and it's not mentioned on the menu.

The menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey. $15.00 for two a la cart tacos. Holey Moley, they better be stuffed with caviar. There is no taco on the planet worth $7.50 (maybe worth $7 :-)) and I have had some great tacos. These are not those tacos.

The fish tacos were under seasoned portions of Mahi Mahi. The fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste. Not pleasant. It was served with radishes rather than coleslaw which was interesting and the crema which was tasty. But as a whole, it was bland and underwhelming even after adding the accompanying sauce.

We also had the bacon wrapped spicy meatloaf on garlic mashed potatoes. Served with a zippy red pepper sauce and tree trunk sized asparagus. The sauce was very tasty, the meatloaf was tender and not  dry. There was something so rich in the meatloaf itself, that after 3/4 of one slice, I couldn't eat anymore of it. It just began to turn my stomach. The potatoes were cooked really well and had some nice flavor, but needed salt. That was funny, because there was no salt on the table. The asparagus was well cooked and still had some snap, but like the potatoes, it was under seasoned.

We ordered the banana stuffed fried tortilla in blackberry reduction and were disappointed there too. The tortillas were overstuffed with banana, so that you couldn't enjoy the crunchy texture of the cinnamon crusted tortilla. It just became mush. The reduction was not "reduced" and was runny, but tasty. 

For three of us, the tab totaled over $85 before tip. That included 2 bud lights, which WERE cold and refreshing. 

All said, the environment is far more interesting than the food. The place's reputation is undeserved at half the price!
If you are in the mood for classic Mexican, this isn't the place for you.  I went in hoping for a yummy enchilada and a few strong margaritas.  

I came out with a taste of delicious fresh tex-mex, well made drinks, and a GREAT dining experience.

Granted, I went to Tortilla factory early in the evening before they were busy.  The waiter spent ten minutes chatting with us, educating us on the menu, drinks, and cuisine.  His recommendations and interactions are what made the experience above and beyond.

My recommendation is to jump right into the traditional "entree" cuisine, even if you are in more of a greasy enchilada sort of mood.  Ask the waiter for his or her recommendations,  (I loved the pork), and even if it's hot, sit outside.  The ambience is well worth it.
I've got to add to the chorus of one and two-star reviews for this place. Another Scottsdale establishment that's faaaaar too pricey and waaaay too full of itself to justify the median price of $11 for margaritas (mine was served in a small, 10 oz. glass, and was mediocre. And don't even get me started on the food menu - which I gladly passed on, though I could have eaten). 

The atmosphere in the daytime is blah to average at best, with a gaggle of servers all congregating and giggling amongst themselves too busily to distract for something called..."service". And, servers? Listen up...never, ever address your valued customers as "buddy," or 'bud". It's plain condescending. That's "sir", or the name on my gold card. And your server's salary is much too jeopardized to be smirking your way through your Tom Cruise in Cocktail trying-to-impress-the-girls-not-the-customers fantasy...okay, bud? That's why you got a 12% tip tonight. Oooooh, I know it hurts, but you need to shape up and read a book called "Customer Service for Beginners", grow up and step into the real world, bud.

Alternative to night out at Douche Factory: grab some Fresh and Easy tortilla chips and awesome restaurant-style salsa, a sixer of Corona, some fajita fixins and a friend, and settle in for an actually ENJOYABLE evening - all for about a fifth of the cost (or less) of this sorry-ass place.
To put it straight, our server was awkward. We were a group of four chicks, so I'm not sure if he was nervous or what... but there was some definite strangeness going on.

The crab dip is pretty bomb if you like big chunks of avocado... Which I do... Mmmmm.. Also had the green Chile enchilada is super delish. Supposedly it's a spicy dish but I'm super anti-spice and I didn't notice it.

The super awesome bigass patio is pretty cool, especially with all the romantic lighting. This COULD potentially be an excellent spot to just chill and have a drink with your buds, but we were surprised to be told at 10pm that it was time to close down shop. :P
Atmosphere is great. Service was good. The food left much to be desired. The margarita chicken was dry and had little flavor. The ribs were worse. The texture was strange and they were tasteless. I was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat.
Yum I love the food! The building is nice, its a little expensive, but I went with my sister who knew exactly what to order. We split an appetizer, entree, and both had great margaritas! If there's a huge wait, go early to miss the rush.
I can't wait to go back !
Well,
My wife got a deal on Deal Chicken for an app, 2 entrees, and 4 margaritas, and dessert for $44 (supposed value $110). I thought is was a great deal, but there were some problems with the food and ambiance. The food was bland across the board. the app we got with the deal was chorizo fundido (not much flavor) and the chips/salsa need some work. The salsa tasted like tomato puree from a can, and my entree (Pollo Margarita) had a great presentation, but the meat was dry and the "Chipotle" mash potatoes tasted like paste. My wife (Vegetarian) opted for the Penne con Pollo (without the chicken). The dish describes veggies in the pasta, but little was seen. The drinks were ok, but tasted like Sprite was added to the margaritas. We had enough of the food and got the cake to go, which actually was the best part we ate the next day.
It was 100 degrees that night, and we ate inside....SUFFER and eat outside...the ambiance is much better (fountain and lights) than inside (dim and plain). The service was great (the reason for 2 stars)!!!! But too bad the food/drinks couldn't match :(.

I felt the experience wasn't worth the $44, and could've got better tex/mex at a hole in the wall place somewhere else in Scottsdale.

Look at the magazine covers they have framed, about "how good the Tortilla Factory is"...they're all from 2002-2006...TIME TO UPDATE TORTILLA FACTORY!
Our stop was a spontaneous drive by, the place was packed...so we decided to stop in because my sister was in desperate need of her spicy Mexican fix.  The service by Trent was fabulous! My sister offered to marry him for the fish tacos and his extra attention to the side of cabbage.  The  house salsa was incredible, and the banana crisp with raspberries was incredible! Worth the extra 30minutes on a treadmill afterword.  We both had the house chips and salsa w gauc, the fish tacos with sauces to which we had the added shredded cabbage, and we split the banana crisp.  Thank you for a great evening Trent!     - from Ohio
The courtyard patio is nice... They should stick with that and change everything else. 
I called to make a reservation that day for two and was told they weren't taking reservations because rain was in the forecast for that night. We arrived after about 5 minutes of rain to find that they had a party of 90 that was outside that they were trying to accommodate inside. The hostess was rude and said they were trying to figure out what to do with all the people outside that had to be brought inside due to the rain and it could be up to 2 hours until we're sat. Ok. A party of 90 would have been booked well in advance. They knew there was a chance of rain and may need to accommodate them inside prior to the rain falling, that's why they weren't taking reservations, right? We asked if we could eat at the bar and were told yes, only to go to the bar and be told "no because it suddenly got slammed in the bar." So we went back and put our name in because we saw plenty of dry tables throughout the dining areas and sat at the bar and had drinks. 
The bartender was friendly but we heard all the servers complaining and it was just a bad vibe all around. Thank god I was with good company here. I bought a 3 course meal for 2 on DealChicken that was going to expire and me lose my money or else we would have gone any place else. The margaritas were good. The appetizer, chorizo fundido, was good. We were done with those when it slowed down enough that the bartender said we could stay there and eat and our table was ready. We sat down at our table for a couple minutes without seeing a server and decided to go back to the bar to finish our food. The servers were confused about who was going to get our table, so it would have been a long time before we could have ordered our entrees if we didn't go back to the bar. My friend ordered tacos, which she had one and took the rest home since she was full on the appetizer and so much time passed between courses. I ordered the pollo margarita which was a little dry, but good. The potato thing was nasty. The chocolate cake we took to go and ate the next day was good. 
There's hundreds of restaurants in Old Town and this does not compete against any of them. If you want terrible food and service and a great patio, this is the place. If you go just a couple blocks northeast, you'll find great Mexican food, good service, and a great patio at a different restaurant. There's plenty of competition and this place must get by on a reputation from years ago, because it sucks now.
Beautiful day for outdoor dining.  We were early for dinner - they were not yet busy. Our service and food were good and we will return on our next visit to the Phoenix area.
I cannot believe this place has such bad reviews! There are so many good things about this place! 

My co-worker suggested that I go here when traveling to Scottsdale for work. He really insisted. Then my other co-worker seperately decided to take me here because "it is the best Mexican food ever". He even claimed it is better than San Diego's Mexican, which I cannot agree with ;)

So, we went before I checked Yelp.... The patio is GORGEOUS. I took pictures, it was like a fairy tale land. The waitress was on top of it! Everything she suggested was awesome. We got the margarita that she said was the least sweet and oooh let me tell you, it was Uh-Mazing! She suggested the queso dip and that was another winner with nice big pieces of bean and tomato. I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. if you like enchiladas GO FOR IT!!! So Good.

One thing I will say is that it is a little pricey. Work was paying for it but I definitely wouldn't have gone all out like we did if I had to pay, call me cheap... whatever... hatas gonna hate!

And the dessert was... eh... ok. the deep fried banana... wish I woulda got the flan or cheesecake.
This place was fabulous.  It was an hour and a half wait but in the meantime we tasted delicious Tequilas and they let us keep the super cool bottle!  
Had the amazing stuffed quesadilla for an appetizer (I mean seriously delish).  Then we headed inside for our main meal.  The cheese tortillas with chive sour cream were delish as well! 
When it came down to the main meal I was way too adventurous for a tex-mex place and ordered the Mexican meat loaf.... eh.  I am sure some would love this but it was definitely smothered with too much chipotle gravy, and the asparagus was, well..... limp.  
No worries though, the service was fabulous for the most part, although a little slow to get our bill out to us but that's fine.   
The place is really fun with a cool vibe and totally worth the semi-expensive cost.  
I would recommend it to anyone!
Awesome place with a very cool ambiance.   Great bar area with a HUGE selection!  They have a very large patio seating area, but it was drizzling when I visited so wound up waiting a half hour to get seated. It's probably wise to make a reservation for this place.

The food was great.  We had stuffed quesadillas for appetizers that were absolutely delicious!  The complimentary cheese tortillas when we were seated were also quite the treat!  I had the Fish Tacos, which were also fantastic.  

It was a bit expensive, but it was worth it.  Highly recommended.
I expected tacos, tacos and more tacos..  What I ordered didn't even come with beans.  the tortilla du jour was spicy, and not amazing. However the food was pretty good.  One of our entrees was pasta, and it  was very good.  My Something Fuego, had far too many green peppers, and nothing to do with a taco.  Ok, I could have spent a lot more time reading the menu.  What I read was on Yelp, and I didn't get it.  Margarita was VERY good... at one of the lower priced drinks.  No meals in the bar
so this is 2 star reviewed for the second time in a row. we had a former arizonan in town for the week and she really wanted to go to the Old Town Tortilla Factory so we headed there after a hike up Piestewa.

i can't figure out why my first experience here was so good, but so bad since then. tonight, our service was well below mediocre. we had to wait, and wait, and wait for everything....menu's, the tortilla's, our food, our drinks, our water, the check, etc. 

my wife's salad had cold, overcooked shrimp. our other dinner guest ate only half his carne dish. he even commented that while the margarita's were good, if they put any alcohol in them. 

i love the patio here. i think it's so charming. but 2 times in a row of sub par service and lackluster food pretty much does it for me.
We've been here many, many times. Mostly for the same reasons everyone goes here: the gorgeous patio, the margaritas, and the warm homemade tortillas. That being said, when we were here last night and my husband "checked in" he was surprised to see only two stars. So we discussed and realized that what really kills this place every time is the service. Which is unfortunate, because they usually have a good product. 

Until last night the food has been pretty good, not spectacular but again we go for the 3 reasons mentioned above. Last night though, I think I'd had it. We had our trifecta but it simply wasn't enough. The service was awful and my meal was served cold and tasted like it had been sitting around for 30 min. Which is probably the case because it took a rather long time to come out. I ordered the tesoro del mar which is basically a salad with jumbo shrimp. I've gotten it many times and the flavors are usually good. Last night the shrimp was stone cold and hard--I had trouble cutting it with my knife. 

Our server was MIA most of the evening, and when she did show up it was to try to get us to order more drinks after we told her we had our fill at the bar waiting for our table. We had to request the tortillas because she didn't automatically bring them out, she was delayed with our check and with taking our bill after I was clearly fed up and wanted to leave. 

I think I'm done. After I work all day, going out to eat is a treat. Going here again is not worth my hard-earned money or my aggravation.
I would say that "meh" accurately describes my experience here. Came here a few weeks ago for the first time and was seated with a large group on the patio. The patio is fantastic and their drinks (treasure margarita) hit the spot. We started with the chicken quesadillas which I think were overthought in execution and didn't enjoy too much. Munched on the chips and salsa for a bit. I decided on the margerita chicken which was not what anyone who ordered it expected. The "stuffed chicken breast" is actually 4-5 pieces of chicken that are stuffed/rolled. In any event, it wasn't AMAZING, and the people who got the pork and salmon off of the menu seemed much more pleased then the chicken diners. I'll definitely come back and give this place a second shot
I loved living in Scottsale because of the warm weather and sitting outside! Tortilla Factory has a HUGE patio

I don't really understand all the bad reviews aside from the service being really slow. Slow service and bad service are not the same. We had to send our queso back because it tasted really watery and the server didn't give us dirty looks about it or anything. The margaritas are delicious (could probably use a little more tequilla..but i like to taste the alcohol), and the tortilla's they give you are really good too. The chicken entree I ordered was also very tasty.

Would probably come more for the ambiance than the food but it def does NOT deserve 2 stars.
At first we thought we were lucky to get in on a Friday night after 6. In retrospect it's understandable to see why they weren't busy and we got right in. This was to be a reunion dinner for my Mom (83 yo) and my brother and sister and law visiting from CA, and my wife - and it was my decision to go here. What a mistake. 

The reception was impersonal and she tried to put us in a dark corner inside. I pointed out two tables by the fireplace and was told that those table were for parties of eight and we were only five. Except for one other couple - we were the only ones in the room! Wife and I went to the two tables - put them together and we sat down. 

OK - fast facts - I was told no beer on draft only bottles - so I ordered DXX amber - a bottle of DXX (no amber) arrived with lime sticking out of top. No glass at these prices? Wife had Margarita (rocks no salt) - came with salt and tiny glass with refill. Tasted like crap so she switched to Cabernet. So much for the beginning of Mexican food experience. 

My Pork Chili Verde was tough with gristle running through it. Tasted boiled and sauce ladled over it. Pure garbage. I returned it and ordered the chicken pasta. More garbage. Cold, no flavor, runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken. My Mom had the same dish and ate without complaint - I was embarrassed for her - she was just happy to be with the kids.

Wife had fish tacos. Terrible - no flavor, cold. I didn't find out until this morning that she hated them. 

The tortillas they brag about were cold and tasteless. The chips were stale. The guacamole dip was OK if you like only mashed avocado - I've had better at Taco Bell.

Our server was attentive and did the best she could - she took over after the first gal that took drink orders then disappeared. No complaints with her service but reception and the first server were inattentive and poorly trained. 

Funny, even after the returned food - we never heard from the manager or anyone. This place is horrible - go somewhere else. I'll never return.

I don't understand the 4 star ratings unless management has insiders writing glowing reports.
This is the first time I've written a Yelp review, but my experience at this place was so bad it had to be done!! First of all we for at least 15 minutes before our waitress came over to take a drink order. Our drinks slowlly trickled to the table one at a time, and were a combination of wrong and bad. Dinner w.as amazingly uninteresting. I had a caesar salad with grilled chicken - I know, it's a Mexican restaurant and I should have ordered Mexican food - but still I expected a nice, freshly grilled chicken breast on a nice salad. Instead I got a salad with virtually no dressing, covered with cold, pastey chicken. I tasted a few of my friends' dishes and didn't think it was a whole lot better. At the end of the meal, the famous fresh tortillas, which were supposed to be an appetizer, arrived at the table.

If you want a nice dinner with good service, look somewhere else!
Really great service.  For some reason our server was held up and she gave us a free appetizer.  Drinks were very good and the meal was huge.  I hadn't had a lot to eat during the day and when I got my dinner, I managed to polish it off.  The atmosphere was really good.
Nice patio and large enough for a crowd.  X-mas lights and the water fountain reminds me of the Friends opening credit - Yes, I'll be there for you!

Came here with my gang and it was buffet style but regardless I must rate the place. We had a nice baby green salad with some balsamic vinaigrette, but things went downhill from here fast. Let's start with the pork; Cough! Cough! (Pound the chest!).  Someone pass me some water cause as much as I chewed it didn't go down - It was so dry it soaked up my saliva! Atop of it were some chili flakes so that didn't help much. The stuffed chicken came with a nice creamy sauce, but I don't recall what it tasted like.  The pork overwhelmed me and to add insult to injury don't serve mashed potatoes to dry out my tongue more!

Regardless, a friend of mine made a great point; we are served what we did not order.  Saved!  Therefore, I shall return on another visit to give my full report so stay tuned!
You know how your wife or girlfriend is always whining about how you never listen to them? This of course as a shoe comes whistling past your cranium.
Well The Tortilla Factory must have the same listening skills....their management never listens either.

You would think that after 111 reviews, someone over there would recognize there's a problem with the service. 
Nope.
This would lead one to conclude no-one in management knows about Yelp, or, and I suspect this is more the case, they can't read,

Prior to writing this, I read some of those 111 reviews in an effort to see how my experience last night paired-up.
Uncannily, it was true to form, explaining why this place gets two and a half stars.

Service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks.
Had to ask for the tortillas twice before ever seeing them..appx 20 minutes waiting on the free tortillas.
Hey TF, do I need to remind you of your namesake???

And the prices for the amazingly tasteless food will stupefy you. (I sampled everyone's food in our party of eight) 

Old Town Tortilla Factory...you're really one sneaky bastard.
Laying in wait....for all the unsuspecting Scottsdale visitors looking for the 'Mexican Food' experience, and instead ambushing them with your bad service, high prices and tasteless garbage you call food.

But you do have some nice attributes, which is why, similar to my situation of never listening, I still have a wife.
Only I'm not sure how a fountain, large patio and a cutesy margarita cup are going to keep you in business.
Oh well, who cares...right?
There'll be another plane full of visitors headed your way tomorrow. 

Are you related to Rustlers Roost by any chance? 
You both have so much in common.
Food = Great
Atmosphere = Great
Service = So So

We were told we had an hour wait and went to the bar for drinks and appetizers. Waited 15 minutes to get acknowledged. We finally got to order (had to pay for chips & salsa?!?) and just got our drinks when our table was suddenly ready, which was a nice surprise.  Once seated we had pretty decent service and the food was great.  Wouldn't recommend during Spring Training season or on a busy night but would on a slower night.
We were walking around Old Scottsdale, trying to settle on a place to get a relatively quick bite.  When our first choices were further away than anticipated, we opted for Old Tortilla Factory, thinking from the description that it might be a tad kitschy.  When we saw the patio, we thought, "not too bad" and decided to stay.

Unlike the other reviewers, our server was friendly and helpful and attentive to our requests.  I was not, however, terribly impressed by the food, even those famous tortillas. 

We started with the queso fundido, which was very watery, and not nearly as flavorful as I'd expect.  This was served along side some red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter.  The butter was good.  The tortillas were ok, a little on the dense/doughy side for my liking.  Admittedly, I prefer corn, so I was biased from the start, but they tasted just like any other flour tortillas I could find at a supermarket.

For the mains, we got the chicken calabacitas and the pork chile verdes.  The sauce on the chicken was the highlight of my meal - creamy, garlicky, full of flavor.  The chicken underneath was moist, and the accompanying relish was quite tasty.  The pork chile verdes was disappointing.  The pork was dry, the sauce was watery, the potatoes undercooked.  Definitely not worth it.

The drinks were good.  The patio atmosphere was relaxing.  But the food wasn't worth the cost.
We went to Tortilla Factory on Tuesday, which you would think it would be dead right? WRONG? It was packed! We were told March (because of spring training) is one of their busiest months. This is my first time there!
Our family arrived before my husband and I  (a little before our reservation at 645PM) and they waited about 5 or 10 mins and were sat. When we got there, they were already sat. Trying to get a parking spot is a joke and they do not have valet. We drove around for about 10 minutes until we found a spot, finally in a dark unlit area. That is my main complaint. Their parking lot is soooo tiny, for how large the restaurant is, I was surprised. We were greeted by a young smiling girl (who knew right where our other 4 ppl were at) and brought us to our table outside on the NON smoking patio. That is a huge plus for me. So many spots in AZ. are now allowing smoking on their patios during dinner! YUCK! I dont want to smell someones nasty cigarette OR cigar while eating. I think they might have another patio that is smoking, but not sure (The sign said MAIN patio is non smoking). 
Now for service. Keely was a our waitress who was great. She was friendly and quick at her job. She was slammed and still made us have a good dinner.
My father in law ordered the large sampler thing with nachos, quesidillas and ribs on it. It was decent. The ribs were kind of bland. I didnt try the quesidillas, because I heard they were really spicy. The nachos were underneath everything on the bottom, those were decent. I wasnt too impressed with any of it. I ordered the chips and salsa and it was awesome. I liked it, because it was not spicy and I could eat it, but had great flavor as well. The guys ordered beers and us ladies had non-alcoholic beverages so not sure how their Margs are, but as I could see many people ordered them, so they must be good. Their bar has a million diff. bottles of tequila lined up, so if you are in the mood for tequila, you can prob get anything you want. 
We all ordered the same thing pretty much, two of us got red enchiladas pretty good. Nothing too special, but good. 3 got Build your own tacos, you get shrimp, chicken and steak.. A little weird because you have to pay extra for cheese and sour cream, you get guacamole, lettuce and pico. Dont ALL tacos come with cheese? lol Seemed weird. They all liked it tho. Lots of food that is for sure. The last person got a shrimp salad and she liked it. Almost all the way done with the meal my mother in law said they usually give flavored tortillas as a starter. She asked if they had any? Keely brought out Cilantro maybe? they were bland and had no flavor. I was full anyways, but I wanted to try it. For a company that has the word TORTILLA in their name you would think it would be amazing ya know? It was my father in laws bday so we got some deserts. I was so stuffed didnt even eat half my dinner. I did try some of the cheesecake we ordered it was regular with raspberry drizzle. AMAZING. They also got a piece of choc cake, they said it was great! It looked like it could serve a part y of 10. It was HUGE! All in all, I would give the food a 3 out of 5 stars. BUT Keely was such a great server I had to up it to 4. Keely did tell us that the weekends are crazy busy and there usually is a longer wait, so for people that had a long wait I would advise to go back in during the week. The patio also had a fountain and heaters. It was so nice out there, I could have just sat outside for hours.
I really loved this place! Don't know what the reviews are bad because i had a great experience. We started with the chips and guac and there was a ton of guac and it was so delicious. I had the tacos which were awesome and lots of flavor and also huge portions. My friend and I both had margaritas and loved them as well! Only issue is the wait is ridiculous and they don't take reservations...
This place should now be called Old Town Tourist Trap. 

Brought out-of-town family (seven of us) here for what we thought was going to be a nice dinner out on the patio. Ha!

Here's a summary of the evening (a Wednesday night no less!). The crowd was mostly Spring Training (baseball) fans and it was fairly busy. We had a 7 pm reservation. Table ready when we arrived. (this is the only star they get!).

The margaritas were watered down - basically glorified juice boxes. And this place is suppose to be famous for their margaritas? 

Dining Area: Too many tables crammed together, including a wait-station (extra plates, silverware, cleaning rags, napkins, pitchers of tea and etc) in the middle of the dining area. Nasty. And to top it off way too many backwaters and cleaning staff - can't tell you how many times they bumped into our chairs walking by with their buckets of dirty dishes. Management needs to streamline and reduce the number of employees on the floor. Bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing.

Decor and Ambiance: Christmas lights wrapped around a dead tree that should have been removed years ago and replaced with a live tree. Leftover over Christmas ornaments are still left on the other trees. Really? In late March?!? Tables covered with vinyl. Sticky brown vinyl. Wait staff attire and look is sloppy and disheveled. 

We ordered appetizers - nothing special. Tortillas came with butter that was practically frozen. Nephew practically ate a whole basket of tortilla chips! Why? Because we waited for an hour (we watched four tables come after us and finish their dinners - two had already left) ...for our dinner to come. 

Our waitress, Samantha, was practically non-existent and spent the better part of the evening hitting on the three guys at the next table.  She should have spent the time yelling at the cooks to get our dinners out and sending the manager to us to apologize. (Side note: the table next to us (the three guys) got their dinner within 15 minutes of sitting down! Their food arrived right after ours did.)

After an hour, the food arrived - mine and my nephew's enchilada's were luke warm. I wanted to walk out at that point, but partner did not want to make a scene in front of the kids.

Not once did Samantha apologize for the el crappo service nor did she bring the manager over to apologize and maybe comp the dinner or drinks.

Bottom Line: Won't be coming here again. And I highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place.
Great place to eat outdoors.  They have tons of flavors of tortillas and give you some of their freshly made tortillas of the day with some sort of buttery spread complimentary before your meal.

The House Margarita is pretty excellent and you can refill your glass with the shaker they leave at your table.  Almost 2 glasses worth.

The outdoor area is filled with plants and trees and twinkling lights.  If you're in the mood for outdoor dining, this is a great option!
Breakdown:

Ambiance and Atmosphere - 5 Stars
Food - 3 Stars
Food vis--vis Price - 2 Stars
On the Balance - 3 Stars

Old Town Tortilla Factory isn't as bad as some of the reviewers on here make it out to be.  It's a beautiful place to have a nice dinner and enjoy the lovely Arizona desert climate, and the food is acceptable, too.  Where it really stumbles, however, is price, and for that reason my overall opinion is that Old Town Tortilla factory is simply average.

Ambiance - This is where Old Town Tortilla Factory really shines.  The place is in a cozy cottage compound with a couple of buildings (one being an old house).  The architecture is reminiscent of older architecture in the area, and this place can accommodate anything from small romantic dinners for two to huge banquets and anything in between.  The real star is the patio.  It is lovely year-round, and the lighting and water details make this a very pleasant place to dine.  They even have heaters for those who may get a bit chilly.

Food - The food is just average.  It is a fairly standard/conservative/traditional style menu.  There isn't a lot of avant-garde cuisine coming out of this place.  Still, what they do is done competently.  The food was hot, fresh, and perfectly good.  It wasn't as good as some of the more authentic Mexican places in town, and you can easily find more flavorful, complex, and spicy traditional food.  Still, it's not like their food is bad.  It's pretty good, it's just not anything special.

Food vis--vis Price - If you're out on the town for a gastronomical experience divorced from ambiance, the Old Town Tortilla Factory does not offer a particularly compelling value.  As I said above, the food isn't bad, but it's just standard.  If you put their food in a lineup with dishes from several other restaurants across the southwest, you're not going to be able to distinguish it out of the crowd of other fairly similar dishes.  Despite average food, they have significantly above average prices.  Expect to pay at least $25-30 per person with one drink and a shared appetizer to go along with one of their lower priced entrees.  If you dine toward the top end of their menu, where entrees can reach as high as $35, it's going to be a pricy night.  That, combined with the fairly expensive drinks and the $3.99 sharing charge on split entrees, you're not going to walk away from this for the price of  "FourthMeal."

On the whole, I give this place three stars.  If I were simply simply reviewing this place based on the food, and I were to divorce the ambiance and atmosphere, it would be a two star joint primarily because of a poor value proposition.  However, considering how compelling the atmosphere is, I'll give them the third star.  The patio is really remarkable, and it's just a very nice place to sit and relax in the Arizona desert.  It's near old town, but it's much more intimate than the very loud establishments closer to Scottsdale Road.

I tend to focus my reviews on food quality, but ambiance is definitely a part of the dining out experience, and that's where Old Town Tortilla Factory shines.  The food is average but overpriced, but the space is just lovely.  It's not an everyday place, and it's not even a place I would go if I were only craving some Mexican food, but if you need a dining experience where the atmosphere is important (perhaps entertaining some out of town guests), Tortilla Factory is worth a look.
A busy spot in Scottsdale, lots of tourists, spring training baseball fans. We had a great waitess, Jessica, which made our dining much better than others. Noticed slow service by other waiters. Food was ok, ate in the bar, beer was served warm, had to ask for ice. Probably will pass on this place for second visit.
You would expect a place called Old Tortilla Factory to deliver the best tortilla...as yelp would say on a 2-star, "Meh, I have experienced better."  The chips that we got made from the tortilla was cold to start off with.  They gave us a tortilla separately with a cheese butter.  That was pretty decent, but when it came to my red enchiladas, I was not very pleased.  The red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar.  I have tried enchiladas from many establishments throughout my life, and this has to be THE WORST.  

What saves this from a 1-star performance was pretty decent margaritas.  I may have to come back here to try something else, but it may be a very long time.
The drinks were too weak, what is advertised as hot is not. We had the Shrimp Diablo which was bland (as were the home made tortilla). We were one drink and out..
Seriously 5 stars for ambiance! This place is very original since it was an old house turned into a restaurant. The garage is actually the bar, but it does not have a garage feeling or look. Had "quite a few" of the Horny Margaritas and they were delish! Fresh squeezed citrus juice with sugar water they actually make. They know how I do margaritas! Had the fish tacos, simple, but so fresh and tasty. The prices are on the higher end, but it shows in the quality of food, location and decor/ambiance, etc. The service was decent, nothing spectacular, but certainly not bad either. Never felt rushed, very relaxing and enjoyable! Great spot to have a nice fresh meal, few adult beverages and excellent conversation!
It may be 100-plus degrees outside, but that isn't going to stop me from sitting on one of the prettiest patios in the Valley for dinner. I went to Old Town Tortilla Factory in Old Town Scottsdale, which combines two of my favorite dining elements-a classy atmosphere with tasty Sonoran-influenced food (the menu also has Native American influences, too).

The restaurant is known for its gorgeous outdoor seating, with candlelit tables and twinkly lights decorating pecan trees throughout the patio. It also has a really cool outdoor bar, which serves excellent margaritas-I had a Blue Agave Margarita ($8.50), with Blue Curaco-it was really sweet, which I liked.

I had been there once previously with a big group, and while everything went smoothly then, things this time were a little rougher. Our server, who was busy with several other tables,  didn't write down our order, and the chips and salsa ($4.99) we ordered came after our salads, only after we asked our server what was up.

I got a Tequila Lime Salad ($4.50), which was amazing and would be a great meal in itself (there's also a dinner portion for $8.99). The leafy greens were topped with refreshing pico de gallo and covered in a tequila lime dressing that had the perfect amount of tart to it. It was so good!

I also really liked the yummy handmade tortillas that were delivered to every table, which were accompanied by a really scrumptious butter. I could have had a meal of that alone!

For my entree, I ordered the Green Enchilada, with cheese and tomatillo sauce ($13.99). Even though I specified I didn't want chicken in it, the enchiladas came with chicken in them, and I didn't have time to eat a new order, which I had to take home. It's just a reminder that no matter how uncool it may look, servers should write down orders to get everything out right. Having disappointing service sort of made the beautiful surroundings a little less appealing, but I would probably still go back because the food, when it comes out correctly, is so delicious.
I'm a little shocked at some of the poor reviews of this place. I've gone twice with the first time being my boyfriend's birthday dinner and the second just a dinner out with friends. I would agree that the service here isn't stellar but nothing horrible enough to write/complain about on a review. 

Pro's: Great patio and indoor atmosphere, great tortillas (I've had the cheddar cheese and red pepper), good food

Con's: Weak margaritas (for the price), limited indoor seating and limited menu

Overall, I had a nice time both experiences and would recommend to others. I would like to go back when the weather is cooler so I can experience the patio.
Had a deal chicken for this place and heard it was fabulous so I spent $49 on a deal chicken...I was really very very very disappointed with this place.

The service was awful, which should have been my first sign.  The food, especially one that is promoting a "tortilla factory" was bland and really nothing special.  

The chips were cold, the chorizo queso was coagulated and our meal wasn't anything you couldn't get at a mexican restaurant for half the price and double the flavor. 

The margaritas were watered down.  

The best part, dessert.  The chocolate cake and the cheesecake are both pretty damn good, hence the 2 star.

Oh, and parking sucks too.
We had a group of 3 couples. Two of us had the Deal Chicken coupon, $49 for $117.00. Our coupon gave us the tortilla chips with the salsa and fundido and two margaritas for each person. I thought for sure that after drinking the margaritas I would turn red from drinking all that alcohol. That's because I'm allergic to something in the alcohol whether it be beer, wine or the hard stuff. NOT!! These drinks were watered down.
Average price for their margaritas came to $11.20. Maybe if we paid full price for our meals, it would have been much better.

My wife had the Pollo Margarita, stuffed chicken breast . which was a lot of food for her. She brought half of it home. I ordered the Grilled Salmon which was so GOOD that I cleaned the plate. 

The next order was for dessert which I had the Flan and my wife had the Tuxedo cheesecake.

The service was excellent. maybe because the table we were at was reserved for 8:00. Our server. Samantha, was very knowledgeable and personable. She was on top of everything; water glasses were constantly filled and she would make sure all the finished plates were removed.
this is my absolute favorite restaurant in Arizona! I love the ambience, the outdoor patio (huge) the menu is diverse and outstanding!  The wait staff is top notch! and the food is incredible!  I always bring out of town guests here, for a special dinner!  Love it!
DO NOT EAT HERE.  I was ecstatic to find they had a gluten free menu completely separate from their normal fare. After ordering tacos off the GF menu I knew immediately something was wrong after eating one taco. The waitress came around and I asked her the tortillas were
GF, which they weren't. She brought me GF  tortillas but it was too late. I had already thrown up in the bathroom
and was extremely sick. Also, the margaritas are NOT smooth, and the chips
and salsa are not free. If I could give a negative star review, I would. STAY AWAY.
Best patio in Old Town and extensive tequila list.
I stopped in Scottsdale to visit an old high school friend of mine and we decided to try Old Town Tortilla Factory. Right off the bat, the service was wonderful! The waiter was knowledgeable and knew how to sell the menu! Nice job! I ended up ordering the Carne de fuego and I added the large gulf shrimps for an extra $9. It was well worth it! The chipotle honey sauce was delicious, the stead was cooked perfectly as were the shrimps. 

The overall atmosphere was wonderful!
Had street tacos.. really good!
Solid food, get the pork chop and the Shrimp Diablo. Dlish!
My experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory is probably very different than that of the average patron. I dined here with a semi-private party with 40 other guests and we were served buffet-style.

Our group was seated in their outdoor dining area, which I absolutely loved. I thought the atmosphere was great and brought an authentic Southwest feel and vibe to the restaurant. The food was as decent as you would expect sharing buffet-style with 40 other people lined up outdoors: nothing mind-blowingly memorable, but nothing too bad, either.

My one complaint would be the servers. Especially at our single table of 8, it did not seem the server we were assigned was equipped to take care of a large group. There was much unnecessary confusion at the end of the night when it came down to settling some bar tabs. Overall, it did not ruin our experience, but definitely took away from the overall positivity. 

Regardless, I would love to come back here with a smaller group and enjoy a fresh plate of food! The outdoor dining is definitely something you can't pass up...
Excellent customer service. Went with a large group on 1/29/2013 I thought it was going to be mexican food so was confused by the vegetarian quesadillas with light cheese for appetizers & dinner without beans, it was rice, vegetables, lots of zuchini, salad  had jicama which made it good & the steak with chipotle was quite good, it looked a little dry but ended up being nice and juicy and delicious. The chicken on the other hand was dry and the sauce was used sparingly so not sure what it was supposed to taste like, I was turned off after a couple bites. The salsa is not spicy so if you like spicy, which i do, it's disappointing but again...this is Tex-Mex so maybe Tex-Mex isn't supposed to be spicy. Margaritas were very lemon & like it had sprite or something in it, I had asked for cadillac margarita and I guess thats what I got, couldn't taste any alcohol. The good thing the food seemed much more lighter and healthier if  that's what you are looking for. The place is really cool looking too.
The best restaurant patio I've been on in Scottsdale.  I've been here twice ... the customer service is great, the food and drinks are great, but the ambiance is the best around.
Food ok we ordered the pork chops the menus said that they were 10oz I worked in the meat business for many years the pork chops we got were closer to 6 oz
This was one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at....

The service was left wanting to say the least, the staff were rude, inattentive, and seemed far more interested in talking to each other, texting on their phones or just doing their best to avoid customers... their were slow to take our drinks order, I looked at the time it took about 15 minutes... our food order took far longer.... then when our food come out it came out in four trips.... (there were four of us at the table, I am glad not more I would hate to think how long that would have taken)

The food.... while the menu looked good and the food sound appealing , although a little on the pricey side for what it was... when it came out I don't think it could have got much worse...  I order a chicken dish that was poached... I think that my napkin would have had more flavor in it... I am certain that it was just cooked in plain water and all of the flavor that might have existed in the chicken was left in the poaching water, I know that it wasn't in the chicken that I was severed... my wife ordered a dish she ask is this spicy? she was told not at all.... I would have liked to ask the server what their meaning of not at all is, if only I could have found him and kept him at the table away from his phone long enough to ask... I like spicy food as does my wife, but we could not eat it.... a-la Guy Fieri, Triple D, atomic chicken wings... I think that they put quite an amount of habanero if not bhut jolokia in it... fun thing was though they forgot the salt or anything else that might have resembled flavor.... my sons ordered fried chicken strips.... I think that they were left in the frier just short of becoming shoe leather... if they were trying to bring visions of the Sonoran Desert they did with the chicken strips!

From reading Yelp these guy are just all over the place... sometimes good... sometimes you get them like us.... I would like to hope that it was nothing we did to upset them.... if it was us I am sorry that we upset you that much!

The only good thing was they were able to serve the beer cold... it was the only the got right all night...

Oh when we went to complain... well good luck finding a server... paid... left... disappointed
Lovely restaurant, but below average food. I was surprised they didn't offer offer one vegetarian entree on the menu, as most restaurants now do.  Tortillas were cold and tough to chew, the taco meat entree that came with rice and beans included, that I requested a vegetarian substitute, did not come with rice, which is beyond me in terms of reasoning.  I had even asked when i was ordering to make sure rice was included.  Fianc had the carne de fuego, which did not have any sides or tortillas with it, which we would have expected. Below average service, took 10 minutes of waiting after we were done before any one noticed to take our plates away.  Its a damn shame we had such a bad experience, as it is a nice looking property and we were thinking of possibly having our rehearsal dinner here.  Unfortunately, we won't be back.
This has become our regular spot when in town if for no other reason than the wonderful outdoor space.  The food has always been great - although more vegetarian options would be welcomed by the wife - and the margaritas are sublime.  Service has always been fine but we do arrive early before it gets crazy packed.  (Old people style has its benefits.)
Visited here for the first time while my mom and sister were visiting from Ohio after having 3 recommendations to try it out! 
Food was delicious and portion sizes were great! Everything was great, and the server even offered to take several photos for us to showcase our experience via Facebook for Ohio friends and family! (Haha) overall great positive vibe with great good and great service!
oh, and OMG!!  the chocolate cake for dessert was impressive!! all 4 of us shared, and we still took some home! 
margaritas were good, as well as all of our other food!!
Nice patio with white lights strung overhead.  Nice hostess and waiter, andres, was great.  Mexican food is our favorite, but the flavor was lacking.  Actually had to ask for some salt from the hostess for my Mahi mahi tacos.
Great spot. Bad service and cold food even after asking if they could please reheat 3 of the 4 meals that were served to our party of 4.  As we were walking out I thought the management would appreciate discussing my concern but the management apparently wasn't concerned enough to visit with me.  When you pay for quality service and food you should get it.
A beautiful May evening, the love of my life and our prodigy, with the stars in alignment, all decided on something Mexican for dinner.  Previously, we had passed the Old Town Tortilla factory on a bicycle ride, and seeing the huge patio, thought this would be a good place for a quiet evening dinner.   

Walking through the spanish-style arch into the courtyard of the tortilla factory, the charm and ambiance enveloped us and promised a perfect evening under the stars.  Then, we met the hostess.  Nope, she says.  No patio dining for at least another hour and a half, I've got a party of 100 that has reserved the patio.  But, she went on, you can have a seat at the bar, order an appetizer and I can see if I can squeeze you inside in a half an hour or so.  We gazed longingly at the gas torches flickering agains the sea of sombreros that filled the crowded patio, wishing we could be a part of that crowd.  Instead, we sat at the bar, and ordered margarita's and Nachos.  These items arrived quickly, narrowly edging out the hostess, who came to tell us our table was ready.  Ok, then, I guess we move into the house.

We were taken to a nice, open room just past the tortilla manufacturing station, and seated at a four-top next to a very loud party, with laughing and loud-talking puncturing the quiet spaces around.  We settled in to enjoy our drinks and chips.  $5 for a bowl of chips and salsa seems excessive, and the $10 that we paid to get them drenched in ground beef, fresh-sliced jalapeno, guacamole and cheese sauce seemed even more outrageous, especially given the taste.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't ten-dollar good either.  Soon, our waittress arrived, took our order and delivered freshly-made black-bean tortillas with a rosemary butter - actually the most flavorful thing I enjoyed all evening.  I ordered a bowl of chile verde, the wife a tortilla soup, and the young one had "old-town tacos", the chicken variety.  

The daughter said the strips of chicken were too spicy, but the wife enjoyed them, unlike her tortilla soup.  It was a deep red soup, with a drizzle of sour cream over it for pizazz.  She was not impressed positively.  Grab a handful of giant-cubed and steamed Idaho potatoes, a handful of boiled pork chunks, toss them in a bowl, pour a little greenish-looking sauce over them, fling a handful of cilantro leaves on it, and you've got the Tortilla Factory interpretation of Chile Verde.  If the waittress had told me it was "deconstructed", I might have ordered something else instead.  Chile Verde should be a thick, savory, spicy-hot stew of potatoes, pork, onion and chile that is simmered together until the flavors are absorbed by the potatoes, the pork is flaky-tender, and the chile heat sneaks up on you like a bandit in the night.  Unfortunately, the OTF chef missed this dish by so far, I'm hesitant to even describe it as Mexican food.  The steamed potatoes hadn't resided in the steamer long enough to take the crisp off, the pork was chewy and the sauce was just ho-hum.

The Old-Town Tortilla Factory probably rocks the socks off of anybody east of Texas, and that's probably where it should reside - where you find people that just don't know what real Mexican should taste like.
Great place! I just went to OTTF for a first date on Friday and it was a fantastic choice.  Great outdoor ambiance with open space, ample shade, good lighting, and cooler temperatures provided by the mister system.  The food and service were top notch.  The margaritas were the best I've had.  It's not cheap, but what you get is great quality. Definitely coming back here for another special occasion.
This place does not even deserve a star. Upon arrival get handed a pager with half of the restaurant empty. We still had to wait 20 minutes for a table. Tired of waiting asked I we could eat at the bar, was told no as a dinner plate goes to a couple at the bar. We finally get seated, starving thinking okay chips and salsa... wrong that's an appetizer that is 4 bucks. So we order what ended being a basket of stale chips and some fondidto (melted cheese). Well after the third attempt of serving the cheese actually warm enough to eat, it sucked. I am waiting for my entree as I write this only for the entertainment of how horrible this is going to be. Should of gone to Oregano's
When we found out that they didn't take reservations for parties of less than six, we decided to go early.

We arrived just after 5:00 and found plenty of parking.  We were greeted warmly, and immediately ushered into the dining room after being asked our seating preference.  Our server, Concetta, was efficient and friendly - explaining the Deal Chicken "can have and can not have"s.  There was no "coupon vibe" at all.

The menu is not extensive and the Deal Chicken deal eliminates most of the pricier entrees.  Still, there is plenty to choose from if you remember that you are in a Mexican restaurant.

The decor is Old Town old - comfortable, but I don't think you'd take your camera out.  The patio looked nice, but hey, it's 104 degrees out - I don't care how many misters you put out there.  And for me, misters over my food is not something I feel great about.

The Chorizo Fundido was the only appetizer available with the deal - but that's ok, it was great.  Slightly splice with lots of chorizo and peppers.  I think some reviewers may have mistaken the peppers for "coagulated" cheese.  We ate the entire serving.

The 4 margaritas that were part of the deal were "OK", not bad, not great, certainly not over proofed.  Just fine for a dinner that you might want to be able to drive afterwards without being overly concerned about being impaired. They are served in plastic shakers and they hold enough for a few "top offs".  They go well with the food.

Concetta was continuously monitoring our table and making sure we were ok, filling our water, asking if we were ready for more margaritas and in general looking after us.

We ordered the "Old Town Tacos"  and the "Achilote Ribs".  The tacos were, again "OK".  Nothing that you would urge your friends to have, but nothing you would try to dissuade them from ordering either unless they asked for your advice.

The ribs - a large portion comes with french fries and coleslaw - was again, "OK".  No spice on the ribs stood out.  There wasn't the heat I expected. They were just short of falling off the bone done. They had obviously cooked previously and then sauced and fired.  The hit of the plate was the coleslaw.  It had a cumin component that made it really stand out.  The french frys were wilted and soggy, but that's not uncommon when you get 'Q'.

At this point we were stuffed - and we still had two deserts to go.  Our server recommended the Banana Crisp to have there and the Flan to take home.  The Crisp is sliced bananas in a tortilla that is deep fried and then sauced with raspberry compote.  I can only say that I am not a desert person and this did not make me want to become one.  A cursory taste and we were asking for the bill and a chance to walk some of the food off.

The bill, $106.50 before Deal Chicken was $4.30 after.  We were happy to have had the opportunity to try the place for more than 50% off.  Big eaters will appreciate this place more than those with smaller appetites.

We probably won't go back for dinner, but could stop by for the Chorizo Fundido and a couple of beers.
This was the worst Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. We had to buy our chips and salsa ($4.99) and the chips were cold and stale. I ordered the fish tacos and asked for flour tortillas, our waitress explained the only flour tortillas they have are the larger ones and warned me that the fish will look small on it. Really? A tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size?! She was right the fish was small, each of the three tacos came with a small strip of fish...worst fish tacos I've ever had. My daughter had the mixed tacos that came with steak, shrimp and chicken and she enjoyed them...which is my only reason that I didn't rate this place just one star. Not only was the food a disappointment but the place was a dump. Skip this place and Old Town all together.
Atmosphere was great, service was great, margaritas were great. I had the carne de fuego which was really good. The menu is a limited for vegatarian wife, but she was still happy with experience.

It's interesting to see all of 3 stars and below. There are a lot of really good restaurants in area and foodies in scottsdale, so I wonder if the bar is set ridicously high for some folks...
We used a deal chicken which was a very good value as the menu items vary from 15-33 dollars.  Rather expensive for a Mexican restaurant.  We had a wonderful reception when we arrived. We were greeted by two different people.  Seating was timely and very pleasant.  Our waiter came immediately to our tables, got us started on our Margaritas and brought the included Fundido appetizer which was very good.  Contrary to other reviewers we did get a basket of chips and salsa as well as fresh tortillas within a few minutes of being seated.  The Margaritas are big and really good.  Again, to get 2 each was a great deal.  Our waiter, Trent, was very pleasant, efficient and nice.  No bad attitude about the deal chicken voucher.  I had the taco plate, shrimp, beef and chicken served with beans, rice and 3 more tortillas.  Good but a lot to eat!  My daughter had a spicy chicken dish, she really liked it but, like me, said it was too much food.  It seems the reviews here are based on the poor service as opposed to the quality of food but I have to give the establishment 5 stars because I can't fault to service in the least.  They really went out of their way to make sure we had a good time.  We sat inside, too hot outside, but there were 20 or more people enjoying the evening on the beautiful patio under the mister system.  Would I go back?  Yes, with a deal chicken.  Had we paid full price the dinner would have been over $100 total  including the drinks which to me is too pricy for a Mexican restaurant.
Great ambiance! Great food!
Went here while visiting Phoenix as it was advertised in every magazine I opened.  While this place had some delicious food, I am not a fan of pretentious Mexican food trying to be something it is not.  Also, prices were extremely high for all drinks and food.  It seemed very much like a yuppie spot for hip 20 somethings to eat outside and drink overpriced booze.  So while everything tasted great, I am not heading back here any time soon or possibly ever again as I do not live in Phoenix.
Awesome waitor(can't remember his name), awesome margarita, awesome patio, awesome tortillias, ok main entree(pollo margarita), awesome dessert (banana crisp).  I think that covers it.
Not even going too lie- Love to eat there black bean tortilla's.... They are very good. I had the Pork shank or chops, don't remember-what they call the dish,but they were good. One time it was good and second time, we went was not good at all. Thought it was pricey for the food quality and service received. On the fence, but love the black bean tortilla's... Ha
I went to celebrate one of my friends birthday dinner and I so disappointed. Never again will I be going eating at this restaurant. 

To start off they have no parking lot so you have to park on the side of the street or wherever you can find parking and walk up to the restaurant. 

Second because we were a huge group of 11 ppl we asked them several times to group two tables together (which we had made reservations days in advance) they didn't do it until they saw us trying to move the tables together. 

Third the menu wasn't that great. I was expecting lots of tacos, burritos, more Mexican dishes and the prices were ridiculous, I guess because it's Scottsdale. The lowest price for a plate was 14.99 which by the way while reading the menu the food did sound that delicious/appealing. I can say that the green enchilada was really good. I had the tequila lime salad and added chicken. The chicken was so dry and had no flavor. As much as I tried to finish it after awhile I had to stop eating. Margaritas were expensive and the alcohol amount in them were small. The beers were pretty cheap 4.25 though. 

Fourth, the decor was pretty decent. Nothing too fancy we sat outside in the patio they had fans and misters which was pretty nice however they had this fireplace in the middle which I did not understand. Inside the restaurant is pretty ghetto looking for being in Scottsdale. Bathrooms were clean but really small, I felt so cram in the stall. The bar was alright but it looked dirty. The bottles on the wall looked they haven't dust them in months. 

Finally, the server was good he seemed really awkward and nerves. I know we were a large group and did a good job getting us drinks and our food correctly. Until the end when we were about to pay we ask to split up the tabs and he said he couldn't. After that we got irritated. We spent 30 mins trying to figure out who ordered what totaling the amounts each person owed and several ppl were paying in cash while others with their cards and what amount of change certain ppl were going to get back. We pretty much had to wait an hr to figure that out and for the server to figure it out. Not to mention that my bf and I had to pay our tab plus the gratuity tip because we were the last ones. What should have been a tab of $53 they charged us $67 (wtf). 

Didn't have a good experience I doubt I will ever return.
It has a nice patio and decent quality ingredients however the flavors are geared for tourists who want to tread lightly. 

To best enjoy yourself here come order a marrita sit on the patio and snack on some chips with your dip of choice. Note the salsa is quite mild again for the tourists I believe. The service here is quite good as is the selection on the menu.
Only a 2 because of the great atmosphere. The patio and lights were terrific at night.

Unfortunately the food was terrible.  Possibly the worst Mexican food I've ever had (and I've had a lot!).  I was vacationing in Phoenix with my wife and fell for the pretty pictures of the patio.

They attempt to be innovative (eg cilantro tortillas with butter for an appetizer ... Which was awful) but it doesn't end up tasting like Mexican food or frankly anything that I'd care to eat

The chili verde was nearly inedible.  The sauce was soupy with very odd flavors and the meat was gristly and of low quality.  

Avoid and hopefully the'll close down and something else will move into this great location
i came here with my family for my sisters birthday. hate to say it, but the service was horrible! With a party of 8 or more horrible customer service should not be allowed a gratuity option. The food was okay, i've had way better mexican food! 
Scenery was nice we ate outside, but it took forever to just get our food. We asked our server if she can take a family picture for us, but said no she was to busy. As I watched her she was just hanging out at the bar just talking and laughing with co workers. 

I would not recommend going here for birthday dinners, scottsdale has way better mexican food in the city.
Watered down marguerites. I think they put sprite in their house drinks which is sad.  The food was bland and needed salt. The service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive. We ordered guacamole with our chips and got it 40 mins later after asking twice for it.
The food was cold and just plain bad. The restaurant doesn't respect its food. If your lucky you'll get a warm meal. The place itself looks nice and for that reason it should only be a large bar.
It was my first time ther and we went with a group of girls and had a great time the foor was great and it was such a great night to sit on the patio!!
I am a vegetarian and this restaurant is very accommodating to my food preferences. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and give great service. The margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular.
The service was great, the drinks were good. We had chips and salsa and chorizo fundido. The chips and salsa were just fine. Nothing to rave about. The fundido was good, but there was no chorizo in it to be seen. I ordered the tortilla soup. Which was sort of like a bowl of enchilada sauce. I wouldn't recommend it. I had the grilled shrimp salad, it was good. My husband had the pork chili verde and it was not good. The pork was fatty and more like pork soup.
Although the food was mediocre, our waitress Emily made the whole experience amazing. The patio is great this time of year for dinner. Everyone was super friendly, the ambience was awesome, the food came out incredibly fast. We would definitely come here for another date night, or even just drinks on the patio.
I had the opportunity to come out for a large dinner and here is a break down of that experience:
1 star for the location, it has great outdoor seating and a really comfortable patio
1 star for the food, it was a large self serve style because we had a special group event, but it was delicious
1 star for the service, kind of sort of, some of the servers were great and some were not so great
I like visiting this restaurant every time Im in town. Good food, GREAT margaritas, fun atmosphere. The patio is great and the tortillas are literally hand made right inside, you can watch!
Tortilla Factory is one of our favs in Scottsdale. The food is great and they have amazing margaritas.  Most of the seating is out on the patio. They have tons of patio heaters, so you are dining comfortably outside even in January.  The staff is always super friendly. Everyone that works there seems to be really happy.  We took our toddler there on our last visit for an early dinner. She loved all of the action. Check it out if you are looking for tasty Mexican food and drinks!
Wow, surprised reviews from others were on the so-so, not too happy side. We really enjoyed this place. The inside atmosphere had a "quaint" kind of feel. The carne asada steak tacos were delish, they have great homemade tortillas.  I recommend this fine Mexican establishment if you are in Scottsdale!
Although I did enjoy the food here, I was completely unimpressed (and slightly annoyed) by the overpriced margaritas.  I ordered a platinum which contained "fresh" juice.   It tasted like it had sprite in it, so I thought surely she gave me the wrong one.   It turns out that "fresh juice" is really margarita mix on tap from the same gun as the sprite.   I asked for something fresh to replace the horrible margarita and received a rocks glass with just muddled lime and a salted rim.   I'm not sure it contained any tequila.   Horrible!   It's not that hard to make a fresh margarita!
My roommate and I took his parents here while they were visiting. We were in the mood for Mexican. I couldn't believe I've lived so close to this hidden gem for so long and never knew it was there! The spacious patio area is great. A perfect setting for a date. The food was really good too and came is pretty large portions. We left full. The ONLY reason I did not give 5 stars was because my margarita tasted like it didn't have much alcohol in it. But overall a great experience. I highly recommend!
I've been to Old Town Tortilla Factory several times and always recommend it for out of town guests because of the great patio. On my last visit, all four in my party were terribly disappointed with their dishes. There was no flavor, no spice - even though we all ordered the "spicy" dishes, and completely disappointing considering the high prices. The margaritas - at $12 a drink did not contain much tequila and were watered down.
Kinda high price. Food is OK. I've had better. 

They advertise the heck out of this place, and make it sound so good, but, honestly, the food was small portions with a big price, and tasteless, to boot! 
Overall, we found no good mexican food in Scottsdale area. If you want some good nachos, though, go to the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort, and eat the Nacho appetizer at the Ironwood American Kitchen. Is run by a famous chef. Also, walk around the property. It's amazing!
The nachos here, were made with more gourmet ingredients. I've never had nachos that good anywhere else.

Skip the Old Town Tortilla Factory!!
So I'm not usually one to negatively review restaurants as I know each diner has their own palate and desires but I feel this one needs a little forewarning to out of towners looking for a great Mexican meal. We were in town for Spring Training and saw advertisements in nearly every publication for this spot and it appeared like a very cool, relaxed, romantic outdoor environment so we said let's do it!

Upon arrival the outside decor looked amazing and like the perfect dining spot for a great meal, drinks, and conversation after a couple of hot days watching baseball. To our dismay the wait for the outdoor courtyard/patio was an hour and a half (understandable though on a Saturday night. So we decided on the 45 min wait for inside and headed to the bar/cocktail area. After waiting nearly 10 min at a cocktail table we were finally addressed and were able to order chips, salsa, and guacamole and two of what were plastered over all their advertisements as "Arizona's Best Margarita". The chips and salsa and guacamole were fantastic!!! The margaritas, although accompanied by their own plastic shaker with refills in it, left far more to be desired. Very sweet, no sense of alcohol in it, and on the watered down side... Suppose we should've heeded the other reviews on here about them. Finally our table was ready and I had to chase down our cocktail server to tab out for about 5 minutes since the bartender was unable to assist us with paying as he appeared far less busy than our cocktailer. 

Our table was nice, the server very friendly, and we selected a few apps to share since we had filled up on the tasty chips and salsa. The water had a funky taste to it so we passed on that. Chicken quesadilla was okay but I've had better. The Spicy Shrimp Diablo clearly was a lost dish on this menu... Embedded with sundried tomatoes mushrooms and garlic, no heat or sense of spice or Mexican cuisine, it clearly felt like it belonged in an Italian restaurant - the shrimp were cooked perfectly though! 

Did see kitchen staff nearly run over three guests as the restrooms are in the same location as the kitchen exit and I'm sure there's numerous instances where collisions and food spills happen because the staff is rushing out without regard for patrons. I guess the woman's restroom is very small and difficult to maneuver around - and my friend is very petite!

Overall I'm sure there are probably really delicious dishes on the menu based on the number of clientele dining but we were left with far more to be desired from this experience. Just a warning for those of you looking for a great Mexican meal.
Had dinner with some friends.  Very disappointed in food and margaritas.  Food bland not much flavor man someone needs to use salt and pepper in this restaurants kitchen!  Mahi Mahi tacos smelly and not fresh.  Green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth.  Crab dip bad... rubber crab texture and bland like most items on this unseasoned menu !
Good place, great patio dinning experience. Food was really good, fresh ingredients and very well displayed. Would visit again in the future.
Fantastic, the food was great salsa was good and spicy. The tortillas were nice and thin.
This place has a great patio and good food.   Old town tacos were good as were fish tacos.   Margs are small but tasty.  Have to pay for chips and salsa which is silly to me.   Go and get a seat outside!
I was a bit hesitant to bring my brother-in-law and his wife here based on the reviews I've read.  I agree that the food is not top-notch Mexican...if that is what you are looking for, pass it by.  However, for our occasion, it was perfect.  Lovely patio atmosphere in Old Town, the service was quite good and we were able to have a very relaxing dinner.  We went at 6:30 on a Saturday night, and there was no wait for a patio table.  I give the menu some points for trying to be inventive - I had the Pollo Margarita, as did my partner, and it was fine, but I understand why people criticize the food for being a bit on the bland side.  My brother in law had the meatloaf with chipotle sauce (he's the culinary guy in the group) and he was quite pleased with it.  SIL had the red enchiladas, and while not her favorite, she said they were good.  My partner and his brother were raised on homemade tortillas, so they were not impressed with the tortillas here, although they are house made and I thought very good, as a gringo.  So yes, three stars for a perfectly good place, but if they stepped the food up a notch, I would go the extra star.
I'm giving this place 2 stars because of the value. It was good Mexican but not for the prices they charge. The total for 2 entrees and a few beers was $70. I don't feel like the meal was worth any where near that. We had the pork Chile Verde and the carne de fuego. Pork Verde was very average, carne de fuego was delicious. Again, overall not a bad place, but I would not eat here again.
I've been to Tortilla Factory several times with mixed reviews.  The food is solid, but tourist Mexican with no real hot food options on menu.  Beware of the "Chile Verde", it's a tomatillo based water sauce that is a joke.  Drive over to New Mexico to get proper Chile Verde.  

Last night we were seated in the beautiful courtyard Nextel fire and waterfall. Unfortunately our server was more d in the girl waiter he was flirting with than our service.  I've heard that the kitchen takes forever and this trip was the worse of all.  Sat with our kids for an hour to get our meal.  Restaurants that don't work to the end of the evening are just poorly managed and this place is obviously very bad in that department.

It's a cool Scottsdale location, but beware unless you are patient enough to put up with poor service and a long wait.
OK, the patio is great - fun drinks and lively place.  I would give the food an average rating though.  Not bad but not great.   I would go for some nachos and tortillas and enjoy a marg on the patio on a lovely evening.
I read really great reviews about this place and had the impression that I HAD to come here while I was vacationing in Scottsdale. The tortillas were good, no doubt. But everything else was just kind of bland. We did sit outside and the mister system they had was leaking on our table, which didn't help matters. I wouldn't rush to go back if I were in town.
Was there Saturday night and they were busy but we were seated right away. Server took our order quickly but food took a long time to come out. There were two large parties so I'm assuming that is the reason. Our server took pretty good care of us considering he was waiting on a large bachlelorett party also. Food was yummy, the chips and queso were awesome. Nice ambience on patio.
3 stars for the nice outdoor dining (when cool enough) area and the service but more importantly in this case 2 stars for most everything else.

Had one of their recommended margaritas and although the taste was nice and light for a warm evening there was a reason it was nice and light...I don't know if they pour extra warm ingredients over the ice then shake it up a lot for a watered down taste or if there is simply no booze in the drink but was extremely weak and my guest said his was the same.

I ordered the fish tacos of which there were three and they were just OK.  Served on tiny corn tortillas with a very small amount of jalapeno sauce and no roasted corn guacamole which it should have come with. My guest had the achiote ribs which surprisingly came as an entire slab. Neither he nor I were familiar with achiote sauce beyond knowing that achiote is a spice but even if we were we would have expected the "glazed with..." description to be an actual glaze and not a 1-inch thick bland paste. The ribs were tender just not as flavorful as one would have thought.

Overall the place was overpriced for the quality for food and beverage.  Disappointing.
This place has great ambiance, but the quality of food does not match.  First off, you have to pay for chips and salsa, which is fine, but I find pretty annoying for a Mexican restaurant.  I do expect if I'm paying for chips though, that they are made on site.  These tasted bagged and almost stale, though the salsa was good.  They are definitely trying to offer more upscale Mexican-influenced entrees, but the menu left something to be desired.  I ended up making a meal of sides.  The veggies were cooked fine, but the garlic mashed potatoes were gummy, and had absolutely no flavor.  For a restaurant that was a bit pricey, it's sad to walk away disappointed with your meal.
I am also surprised at the not too good reviews, I was pleasantly surprised to find an absolutely charming large and inviting patio.  The wait was not too bad for a Saturday night (20 minutes), and the margaritas were quite good (though not on the cheap side).  I love how they have different and very unique flavored hand made tortillas, and oh man, the guacamole? YUMMM! We all went with the steak tacos, and they were really good, loved the marinade they use for the steak. The only downfall I would say was the limited parking but other than that, I am a fan!
The outdoor space is really the attraction here.  It's great to sit outside and enjoy the tasteful lights, landscaping, fire pit and a fountain.  Ample seating inside or out. The food was good but a bit pricey, it's not anything authentic.
I love the outdoor ambiance but I have to be honest the food and drinks are awful.  The margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol.  Their sweet and sour mix taste like Sprite.  I am so surprised as to how this establishment in a nice area can offer such bad food.  
The chips are out of a bag.  They are the low fat kind you buy from the grocery store.  Oh and you have to pay almost $5 for chips and salsa.  They use to serve a fresh flour tortilla and butter but thats no longer an option anymore.  I waited over 40 minutes for my entree.  By the time it came to my table I realized the wait staff forgot it.  The only saving grace was the sweet waiter.  This place is a major tourist trap and they apparently can get away with charging people over-priced dishes and watered down drinks because of their location.  Do yourself a favor and skip on this restaurant.  I promise you will enjoy a better meal at Rubios or Taco Bell.
I loved this place. Just gorgeous decor and atmosphere. My tortilla soup was ok, but for the price you do get a lot of it. The house salad was good, and it looked like the street tacos were the hit of our table.
My best friend was visiting from back East and she wanted some good Mexican food while she was here. She had never been to Arizona before and we had spent the day walking around Tempe and Scottsdale. 
We just ordered drinks and appetizers because it was 104 that day, and she didn't want to eat anything heavy. We had their chorizo nachos which was delicious with fresh jalapenos, cotija cheese sprinkled on top and crema, instead of sour cream. We loved it along with the guacamole dip.
My only complaint was that there was inside seating available along with the patio where we were seated. We should have been offered a choice, but we weren't. It wasn't the server's fault. The blame lies squarely with hostess.
Service was great; food good! Patio awesome, sangria yea!!! They have recently been voted best in accommodating "large groups" but I may have to disagree on that... They don't even split checks, my biggest con. Especially since we had a party of 16, some ppl didn't even order entrees or drinks. So we split it ourselves.
My hubby and I are fairly new to the Scottsdale area and on the hunt for a good Mexican food restaurant.  We stopped in here because it had a nice patio area, but the menu prices were high.  We ordered chips & salsa and guacamole to start.  After reading the mediocre reviews on Yelp, we decided that this place was way over priced for what the offer.  Our chips & salsa and guacamole cost us over $11.00, (not including the tip). The guacamole came in a very small bowl and wasn't all that great...definitely not worth the more than $5 we paid for it.  We have opted to spend our hard earned money elsewhere.  BTW - where I come from, good Mexican restaurants don't charge for chips & salsa...
Texas visiting this weekend.  GREAT patio. OMG loved every bit of being outside.  The food is really pretty good but the tastes here are a smidge different than Texas.  I like my food spicy. I had the green enchiladas that were just wonderful and the black beans were NOT bland.  The salsa and guacamole are wonderful here.  Beer ice cold too.  Would come back again.
Absolutely GROSS!!!!
Ordered Sea bass, was a cheap frozen piece of fish in batter, disgusting, didn't eat it!

My boyfriend ordered the ribs, fowl!! Over cooked with congealed disgusting sauce & soggy fries.... YUCK YUCK YUCK!!!!!!

Do not recommend!!!!!
My daughter and I went to the "Award Winning" Old Tortilla Factory having very high hopes for the Mexican food - we're from New Mexico and like hot & spicy.  I thought the courtyard was nice if a little run down (could use a re-fresh).  We  had good service until we were ready for our check - it had gotten busy so we had to flag down our waiter.  The food was just mediocre; not enough spice and flavor.  My daughter had a gargantuan plate of nachos that were just mediocre, nothing special.  I had the shrimp tacos that were flavorless, the corn tortillas were like cardboard and there was no white creamy sauce that's usually served on tacos - rather disappointing.  The best thing we ate were black bean tortillas and herb butter that were not even part of the menu and served as a pre-meal bread.  I wish I had eaten only the black bean tortillas and butter!  This looks like a place that had its' hey-day once and now are just old and tired of it all.  I think it could be brought back with new menus, some bright updated decor, and new management/owners.  We don't have to try this place again; I'm pretty sure the people that really like this place have had a few margaritas before dinner.
Recently made my second visit to this restaurant with a friend.  Beautiful, large patio, excellent service, and great food.  Certainly not your typical Mexican restaurant - I would review the menu online before deciding on eating here.  Our meals have always been very good.  It is a nice place to go for an evening of visiting with friends without feeling rushed by a staff looking to turn the table.  It is also one of the better options for a larger party in terms of seating.
Food is great, and patio is very nice.  So many reviews that are poor for no reasonable reason.  Probably these are people that like Ajo Al's hehhehe.  Fish Tacos were tasty, fundido was awesome.  My kids devoured it.
Was excited to try this place out with the wife for a friends birthday dinner. Atmosphere was great even for June on the patio. They had black bean tortillas and whipped butter on the tables that was delicious. Margaritas were good and that would probably wrap up all the good. 

Now the ugly, we were with a large party that showed up in groups. Which most service people would assume separate checks or at least ask. This wasn't a concern until the end of the evening, when our server presented 1 check and expressed dismay along with words of discouragement that it would take a while to split, very unprofessional for an upscale Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale. I believe that the management at this establishment is non existent. Servers seem to do as they please, reach over guests, place plates in front of incorrect guests. Many of the simple things that management would typically ensure that there staff is engaged in doing correctly. 

Now the food. Carne y Camerones (steak and shrimp) great ingredients but poor execution. The steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold. The mashed potatoes were tasty but dry and cold as well. I feel that the cooks had their timing off, maybe because of the large party or just the fact that they didn't care. The technique and the ingredients were there for a great meal but it felt thrown together and was served cold. 

This restaurant could be great, they have a good menu, good drinks, great atmosphere, but the service, execution, professionalism, and passion is not there. I blame the management.
My first experience at Old Town Tortilla Factory was nearly 11 years ago and this place is just as good as ever.  I hosted a large group dinner (120+ people) in May and we thoroughly enjoyed a buffet dinner sitting under the lights and stars of the beautiful patio.  The food was great - just the right amount of spice and flavor, the staff was efficient and friendly and the atmosphere was great.
This particular Taco Bell has never forgotten to complete my order, and has always taken "special requests" easily.

Not like some of the others...
"I read the news today...Oh boy!"

http://tinyurl.com/ylpza9a

Glenn Bell Jr. died this past weekend at the tender age of 86...a long life of slingin' taco's to be sure:)

I hadn't been to Taco Bell in almost 4 years, until today...I was moved to drop by Taco Bell in a sort of tribute to Glenn...one of the more prominent "voices" during my formative years:)

This Taco Bell in particular...store # 22354 is one of the more important spiritual touch points for paying tribute to Glenn...Scottsdale was the home of the first Taco Bell franchise (and the fact that Westaco, Inc's. HQ is in the same lot with this store makes them the defacto, if not actual, heir to the legacy of Glenn Bell:)

I had my first Taco Bell taco in Corvallis, Oregon in 1970 when I hit college with a mighty crash:)

It was the second time I had ever had "Mexican" food..the first time was a week prior at a place called Taco Time in Eugene, Oregon.

I was thrilled to find out about pizza, Italian food, pizza, Mexican, pizza, chinese take out, pizza...you get the drift...I was a country boy in the (for me) big city and I was going to find out all about life's pleasures...starting with taco's:)

I was hooked on Taco Bell for a long time (a time that, coincidentally, was the time when I had very little money yet still needed to eat occasionally:)

Taco Bell and the others filled the role of reasonably tasty maintenance eating for a long, long time...it was a truism in 1975 that no one...no one... could eat $5.00 worth of Taco Bell at a sitting, all by themselves:)

Could.Not.Be. Done!

It may still be "truish" with the "cheapo" menu:)

But it has never really been very good:(

That was something I actually didn't discover until a trip to LA with a girlfriend (the same trip that I discovered In-n-Out:)...real Mexican food is very different than the goop that Glenn had sold me over the years...and very much better:)

But that didn't stop me from eating at Taco Bell...beggars can't be chooser's...and I was a beggar for a few years.

Today was a nostalgia stop for me (as was my last visit to a Taco Bell a few years ago), as well as a tribute to Glenn:)

I was more interested in watching my "beefy burrito" being made this time...the ladies in the kitchen pulled various levers in response to the computerized instructions for my order on the monitors overhead...the different shades of unidentifiable goop that cascaded onto the flour tortillas...the quick hand movements of their ritual wrapping of the burrito (I once dated a girl that worked at Taco Bell...she knew how to wrap a burrito...but that's another story:)

It still isn't very good food...but everyone at this location is sweet and pleasant, my order was correct, I was in severe need of a retox after a 6 miler this morning and I did manage to eat about 2/3 of the burrito...even with mulitple "bags" of hot sauce it was not very good:(

But that's not the fault of the sweet ladies behind the counter, nor of Westaco, nor of Glenn Bell...I think when Pepsi or YUM or whoever got their hands on Taco Bell...well...I'm not writing this to get on a rant about corporate agendas vs. quality:)

I wanted to give them an extra star...just for being who they are and where they are, but I hear the spirit of Glenn Bell telling me "don't do it, Donald...make them earn it" :-)

That's all I need, another voice in my head...Thanks Glenn:)
Taco Bell aka "Taco Hell" brings back amazing memories from my high school days.  There was a Taco Bell located right across the street from BHS (my high school), and if memory serves, the drive-thru was open pretty damn late; maybe even 24 hours?!  At the time, my friends and I made many a "run for the border," and I remember the food being great!

Either I was really drunk back then or Taco Bell has gone down hill or my taste buds have matured quite a bit since then, because after eating Taco Bell for dinner last night, I no longer "quiero Taco Bell."  Or maybe I ordered wrong?

I'm quite nauseous thinking about what I ordered (and ate) last night:
-1 Mexican Pizza (540 calories / 30 grams of fat)
-1 Chicken Soft Taco (180 calories / 6 grams of fat)
-1 Pintos and Cheese (170 calories / 6 grams of fat)

I didn't know there was a "Drive-Thru Diet Menu" until looking at their website just now either... oh well, I'm eating for two right now!

I also didn't realize the slogan changed to "think outside the bun" until actually listening to the radio commercials as I drove home with my food in my lap last night.    I will say that the drive-thru was super quick and my order was right and all for under $6.  What a bargain!

I'm sure Taco Bell is still a great option when you're out late, have had a few too many, and/or are eating on a budget.  But I don't recommend it when you're completely sober and it's a normal hour.  Probably not the healthiest option for the baby in my belly either... 

Bottom line: I don't plan on returning for many years to come, although I do have a pretty big high school reunion coming up next year, so I may just have to give it one more shot!
I eat on the run a lot, so I depend on joints like Taco Bell to keep my hunger on standby.  I've been to this one a few times.  They're fast, accurate, and put a little extra ingredients in the Burritos.  My normal order:

7 Layer Burrito - $1.99
Cheesy Beans & Rice Burrito - $1.59

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gF_kjG2RU3lKZ7hg6wkVbw?select=YAef3F0_hOxrrW-QikIadg

It's a Taco Bell...earning more than 3 Stars would take a lot.

Return Factor - 75%
Standard Taco Bell food.  Never been inside but the drive through is nice. No consistent customer service compared to others that I've been to. But this one is right down the street from where I live so I frequent it a lot when needing food fast!!
Great taco bell. Love the service , love the location , love the staff.
It's been a while since I've been to this Taco Bell.  I dropped in for lunch yesterday and had great service from the cashier Juan.  He was friendly, patient, and made sure the order was correct.  He also made recommendations to customers on the combo menu if it saved them money or if there was a similar items that they might be interested in.  He should be recognized for his effort as most fast food employees don't give a **** about their job or customers.

My food came out fast and accurate.  I ordered a 7 Layer Burrito and 2 Bean Burritos.  The only knock on it was that the Bean Burritos were messy.  When they wrapped them, they got red Sauce all over the outside of it...so the Sauce got on my hands.  Oh well, that happens sometimes during the busy lunch rush.

Return Factor - 60%
Honestly, I would never write a Taco Bell review... But when I went through the drive-through everybody here was so friendly. My order came out perfect, and I am pretty bratty when it comes to my Taco Bell. In the end, next time I want Taco Bell, I will definitely come to this one.
Went through the drive though and I ordered a Mexican Pizza with sour cream, and a Dorito's Loco Taco. Received a Mexican Pizza with no sour cream, and a regular taco. The customer service was so/so. I wrote corporate and complained because this was about the millionth time they have screwed up a order when I was the only car in the drive through, and they sent me a coupon, for two items of my choice, and the GM called me and said I could come in and she would replace my food. Glad they fixed the problem, but I really am starting to believe their employees just go through the motions of their minimum wage pay, and could care less if they screw up or not. Seems to be the trend at most fast food places now a days.
It's your average Taco Bell.  The location is convenient for work and price is affordable for an inexpensive lunch.  Great service and the food tasted really good.
I ordered a taco salad, as I was eating it, I almost cracked my tooth on a small rock or pebble. When I called to tell them, they said it was impossible and I must be mistaken. Ridiculous.
I like to come in here and write songs while I eat. I like how the management won't hound me to leave even when I'm on for an hour at least.
It's taco bell. The food is okay! They are open till 1:00 am and they can replace meat with beans which is good for vegetarians!

They have both Pepsi and Dr peppers in case you care for any of that.
This is a FUN place. Great drinks (red headed slut shot)!!! whooooo hoooooooo. The guac is great, the hot wings are yummy. It is a great place to sit outside (under the misters) and hang with work people and friends.
This is not your upscale bar in Scottsdale, which is why I like it a lot (that and the $2 Coronas...).  The food is serviceable and not expensive, the people are real and down to earth for the most part.  Because of it's location you do get quite a mix of people.  It can get pretty crowded in the evenings.  They have a great outdoor seating area, and if you're in to sports, several large screen tv's.  I love it as a place to meet people...
This place has an odd crowd. I've enjoyed their salads and chips and salsa, but haven't had much else. Their drinks are reasonable and the place is pretty nice inside. They improved the outside as well. So what's the problem? The music, man... if it's not your thing, you won't like it. The place is a little too country for me. I feel like someone's gonna bust out line dancing at any moment. They'll occasionally do a karaoke night with a live band as backup which can be kinda fun if you like that sort of thing.

Flicka's gets kinda busy at times and other times it's empty when it should be packed. It's strange. Considering the location, the crowd should be a lot more fun than it is Since it's next to Babe's, there's often dancers there grabbing a meal - aside from that though, the place is a little too country and I'm a little too rock and roll. It's a decent joint, but not my cup o tea. Worth checking out, but it's not on my list of places I want to go.
When I feel like living on the edge. You know, doing something dicey. Entering a neighborhood you wouldn't normally dare to cross. I go to South Scottsdale. Ooooo....yea, that's right. Not North. Not Oldtown. But that seedy stretch called SoSco. And when I'm there Flicka's is pretty dang fun. Kind of a weird sports, meets ASU, meets the gays (oh, well when I'm there with my gang anyway) crowd. Music is loud. Dance floor gets jammin. Lots of hip hop. And lots of hip hop moves. And then there's me. Yes. Me. Doing the running man. I can't help myself. What? The sprinkler. Sure, why not. They have buckets of Coronas and really great chicken taquitos. Servers are usually the hottie chick types but always really friendly and efficient. I like hanging out on their huge patio and watching the Scottsdale Road action. So if you want to have a good time in SoSco, I say, picka a Flicka's!
Flickas is great, we get the softball team to head over after games on tuesdays to eat up some of those shrimp tacos that are so damn good.
Everybody is really nice that works there, talkative; $2 Coronas are good and cold and there's always something good on the TV's if you want to watch sports.
Chips and salsa are super good too.  
I like it cause it's not a typical snobby scottsdale place and the mix of people and ages are pretty diverse.  You've gotta love the salt water aquariums too.  
Anyways - check it out - good stuff.  And if you see the crazy guy with shoulder length hair - that's Flicka - he's super talkative and a really nice guy - say Hi!
They have a site but it needs some web developer love from me:  http://flickasbajacantina.com/
OK, I've only been once. The GF and I were in search of a happy hour in the area.  Flicka's was a huge disappointment!!! They didn't have any food specials on the day we went, and the drink specials were limited to domestic beers. Ugh! Maybe it's livelier at night, but our afternoon experience was bad. The food was bland bar food, and the nachos had already started to cool and congeal by the time they arrived at our table. Big disappointment.
Located near Metals Edge Studios, this place has been deceptively hidden from me.

I went there tonight for the first time with some people from a networking group and at first was a bit put off.

It's a bit more bar with the seating style indoors, which was where we chose to sit. There is also outdoor seating with tables and chairs. It was a slow night. We had fast, friendly and efficient service. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating to those who needed different types of seating, etc, because of the really high chairs.

I was expecting crappy bar food and though I was not a fan of the nachos (chicken was a bit bland) or the calamari (tasted like they were frozen...plus, they looked like onions rings at first glance), I was very happy with other items on the menu.

I was a big fan of the complimentary beef taquitos and the chicken fingers that the owner, Flicka, himself sent out....and delivered as well.

The food was priced cheaply and the menu was easy to read. There isn't a huge variety of food to choose from, but there is definitely enough there to satisfy the most finicky eater. Coronas are $2.00, nachos with chicken was a scant $6.75...it was such a bargain!

The owner, Flicka, came and chatted with us a couple of times. At first we wondered who this man was, but he was completely affable and so sincere how could we not enjoy him talking to us?

I enjoyed it here, but it's a bit out of the way. It's really bar more than a cantina. The food is decent and the atmosphere leaves a bit more to be desired. Overall, I'd come here again if someone else were driving.
Nice place to hang out on the weekends and watch a band, which is exactly what we did last Friday - Past experience tells me to stay away during the week.

The food was pretty good, service was reasonable. The atmosphere reminds me of Dos Gringos, though the crowd was older and it's a little cleaner.

They have two bars (one inside and one out), and a huge outdoor patio area that would be great when summer is over.
I hate bringing down a once 4 star review to one star, but it had to be done. If we ever go back, I'll see if it still stays the same.

I went back a couple of weeks ago with my metal arts friends...and I have to say what a difference it was. Literally night and day.

Our server was surly and pissy...the food was just appallingly bad...Flicka was nowhere to be found. Service was slow and it wasn't even busy. A whole...4 tables including ours?

The only remotely good thing about that night, though it's still NOT enough to make me give Flicka's 2 stars, is the checks were all split and correctly done.

Maybe the employees decided to take a break since the owner wasn't there? Whatever it was, we won't be going back.
After waiting an hour and calling three cab companies we were fianlly able to get to the bar. 

Flicka's is pretty spacious. They have inside seating and an outdoor patio with heat lamps. I went on A Saturday around 6p. so not too many people were there.
The services was scare and it was very slow to get our food.
The prices are NICE! I got a dozen wings, two beers, and a side of french fries for seventeen dollars.

The wings were good: hot spicy, and saucy with just the right amount of meat.

If I ever wind up back in Scottsdale, I'll head back here.
"Before both of my feet fully entered Flicka's, I knew I had already contracted the Swine Flu.." Thanks to Georgie S, I now know why I have a sore throat, cough and achy body. Thanks Flicka's for giving me Swine Flu. 

This place is really disorganized, the wait staff (the bartenders the waitresses the bussers) are all really snotty and were all rude, not to mention slow as the second coming. 

The nicest person in that bar was the little Mexican flower guy who fell in love with me and gave me a pair of roses, free of charge. 

The one good thing about this bar was the cheap beers. My Corona was $2.50 and the Bud Lights were $2. 

The outdoor patio is cool, but it is filled with all the smokers so unless you want to catch lung cancer, it is smart to just stay inside. 

My friends band played (I have seen them play at least a dozen times in a variety of venues) and the sound was so horrible. You couldn't hear vocals at all. 

In between the 5 rock bands that played, they piped R&B music over the speakers. I thought this was a little strange.... and I also found the massive dance orgy that busted out to be a little strange.

Some dude sent his wing-woman over to the bar while I was getting drinks to try and get me to join their table. She was the oldest looking wing-woman I have ever seen. It made me immediately want to cancel my tanning membership. 

What a really weird group of people here. Seriously. 

I didn't really care for the food. I consider myself a nachos connoisseur now that I date Dallas G, and these nachos were sub-par. 

I highly doubt I will ever be back to this weird ass place!
Went here Sunday for lunch with my boyfriend.  As always, I had a good time.   When I think of Flicka's I think cool chill laid back place to grab a corona.  They only have bottled beers and I believe a full bar.  Everything I've eaten here has been quite tasty, nothing too special, but also not a breaded food coma either.  I've been on live music nights as well and always have fun, I admit it is such a mixed crowd, but I don't mind, as long as I'm not paying a cover charge to wonder around aimlessly because I can't find a seat or a spot on the dance floor.  I wish Chuck Powell and the edge 103.9 would be holding the Fantasy Football Texas Hold'em for Monday nights, that was always my favorite!  

Anyway back to my most recent trip.  The bar was pretty much empty.  There was a table of say 20 people celebrating a birthday or something, and I'm sure that they were regulars because it seemed as if they knew the bartender fairly well.  I'm pretty sure she was the only one serving too.  She was pretty good at keeping the beers full and in front of us.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail to start to fill out our appetites.  It was pretty good and we left thinking we had to try and make this on our own.  After letting that settle we decided to split the fajita sandwhich.  I'm so glad we did, it was so good.  As we were sitting at the bar, we noticed a bottle of Seagrams Sweet Tea Vodka.  What in the world???  I didn't know Seagrams had vodka.  We asked the bartender what it was and she stated the obvious but also asked us if we wanted to taste it.  I thought that was pretty cool!
Back in the Scottsdale area again. Time to get into some new places and see what they are all about. I did not go to this place YELP guided. This was the recommendation of the manager of the baseball team, 1st mistake. Supposedly close to where we were staying, 2nd mistake to listen to anything directional or distance related from this guy. 

For starters this place is a retro style bar with a patio out front, including some great sofa lounge areas, and a wide open interior with dark mood lighting and sporadic TVs. There is a bar, but no beer is on tap. This was a non-issue for me, but apparently the guys would have preferred tap.

We were immediately greeted by the owner of the bar who apparently recognized the guys as a team or group of some sort. He was thrilled to have us all there and offered to have some appetizers and fajitas brought out for everyone (after we had all already ordered, but a very sweet and generous gesture.) He was very friendly and checked up on us several times. ( 5 star for sure)

Our server was very friendly, very efficient with filling everyone's drinks, and continually making sure that we were happy. The waters, cokes, and iced teas were never low and it never required asking for to get something we wanted or needed. (5 stars)

The appetizers, buffalo wings, were a bit over cooked or maybe just older than they should have been. The buffalo sauce was good, only mild to moderate in spice. The fajitas we were given were just OK. The veggie portion of them was fresh and excellent, but the chicken was only OK. The tortillas seemed just a bit less than fresh, though brought to us warm. The salsa, a flop! Extremely mild and almost just tomato sauce. A waste of energy for sure. My buffalo chicken sandwich started off good. The chicken seemed about right and the buffalo sauce was good, then I found myself trying to chew a gristle. Yes, you get those sometimes, and I can usually deal with them.... but with the lights down so dark, I could not work my way around it. Ugh. The salad with vinaigrette was good and fresh, but it was just romaine lettuce and tomatoes. (a 3 star)

Just before we were going to leave, a blues band began to perform. The lead singer, a young twently something girl, was actually quite good. I was rather impressed and they seemed to keep the attention of the restaurant patrons. (a 5)

But, the bathroom. Ick. There was water (I hope) all over the floor, there was a twenty something vomiting in a stall, and it just seemed filthy. (a 2 star)

So, my overall rating, though we were so appreciative of the good treatment, still has to be 3 stars. I probably would not go back here, even if the owner offered me more free food. To me, the service is above and beyond the food, but it does not compensate for not so good food. 

Caveat, this might be an excellent place for just the bar scene and watching the band! But, don't rely on the food.
This place is sort of a dive bar meets a decent cantina. This place offers great values. The liquor and food is priced reasonably. The Mexican food was decent and better than I expected based on the dcor and menu display. 

The service was great but the waitresses were so attentive that it was almost a negative thing. Many patrons could view this as being pushy.
Ok place. Has really gone down hill. Service is average. When and if it is busy, the waitresses aren't always attentive. Most if the time it is slow. The food is good.
Flicka's was quiet, not many people. Flicka was there interacting with guests which was great. Coronas are always 2.50 which was great. Fridays you get a free buffet dinner with the purchase of 2 drinks...we bought two cheap Coronas and got a plate of decent food. It was a steal for sure. 

The salsa here is awesome, I loved it! Too bad it wasn't free chips and salsa. The food wasn't bad, it wasn't anything super awesome. Pretty basic. I would come again on some random Friday. The atmosphere was  chill and the patio was enjoyable.
My go to bar in south scottsdale! The people that work here make this place special. My first visit, almost a year ago, the manager Adam made us feel right at home and even provided some drinks on the house. Being a poor college student at the time, I thought this was the greatest thing since Ramen noodles. 

Then we meet Flicka! The owner of this bar is the nicest most interesting person I have ever meet. Anyone that goes to Flickas on a regular basis knows Flicka. He is always a great host to us and he makes this place more than just another bar in Scottsdale.

With the projectors and multiply TVs this is a great place to catch a game and the food is amazing. The dollar tacos on Tuesdays and Thursdays are unbelievable, but my go to meal are the chicken fajitas!! Oh man they are delicious.
We went on a Monday and enjoyed The Long Island Ice Teas and Cheeseburger Special. Then back on Friday for $2.50 Coronas and free buffet at 6:30. 

Great service, great prices, great food. We'll be back.
I went here on a week day with my boyfriend because it's usually packed when we drive by, plus the reviews are pretty good.

When we got there, it was pretty empty. There were 3 other tables that had people. The staff was nowhere to be found. We waited a few minutes, and then a guy (I think the owner) ran by us to chat with one of the tables. No hello or we'll be with you in a minute. Finally a woman came by and started cleaning. I asked if they were still open, and she said yes, so she had us sit and got our orders. She seemed nice, but the service turned out to be SLOW.

I ordered the Chili Dog and lemonade.. you can't go wrong with that, it's nearly impossible to screw up. My boyfriend ordered the fish tacos and a beer. It is weird that they said they only serve bottles, a little off-putting. The lemonade was kind of gross, it tasted like it was made from a powder. The fries that came with the chili dog were alright, but I don't think there's a way to make fries taste bad. The chili dog was bland. I ate it all because I was starving, but the chili tasted weird. I thought I was the only one who had a bad experience, because while we were eating, I asked my BF if he liked the food and he didn't respond. When we left though he said it was bad. It took forever to get our check too.

Maybe we were there on an off day/time, but I won't be returning. I thought about leaving when nobody greeted us, but I stupidly stayed, thinking that it'd be at least as good as the other Baja restaurant we go to, only closer.
It's a place.  They have cheap drinks (a lot of the time).  They have food (some times).  And there's a commotion there (all the time).  Get it in, people.
Love coming here with friends. Flicka makes the whole experience.

Great place to watch your team on Sundays!
We went to Flickas after a baseball game the owner was very friendly and he gave us a great deal on lunch for about twenty guys. Which included beer and shots as well. It's not kid friendly but during the day it was okay because we had the place to ourselves. The food was good for the price and the great personalized service it can't be beat.
This place was horrible, even with fun friends! It is like a bar out of Mexico. I did not like it. They do have a live band inside and patio tables & benches...other than that....it sucks.
Its a cute bar. Its was super busy when I went so that was probably the reason for the long wait for drinks. I did like the band that was playing though. Other than that, thats all I remember besides the worst thing about the bar was the bathroom smell....OMG...it stunk like straight sewer! I would give this place another chance but if I went back and the bathroom still smelled I think I would probably not come back.
It's just Flickas. It's a South Scottsdale staple and dive bar. It's the consumate 3 star bar.
We had a fantastic experience at Flicka's recently and I wanted to share.   Flicka's is a great place if you are looking for an awesome patio that has room for groups of people and food and drinks at reasonable prices.  You can chill out, play bean bag toss, it's quiet enough to chat with your friends, but busy enough to keep you entertained.  You almost forget you are in Scottsdale!  :-)   (for you locals, that's a good thing --- remember, this is the CenPho girl speaking here...haha)   

A bucket of 6 beers was less than $20.  Rock on!    The food was really good, I was seriously impressed with the taste.   It's what you would expect at a bar/cantina, true - but you don't have to be 5 beers in to enjoy it!   We had a cheese crisp that was indeed cheesy and crispy.  Also shared a chicken quesadilla, which exceeded my expectations.  The nachos were tasty.  The salsa was delicious too, which is not to be underrated as good salsa is sometimes hard to come by at bars.

The best part of it all though?   The owner, Flicka himself, came over and said hello, told us awesome stories about his time in Mexico, asked us about the service, and even told us that we were missing out on the best food there - the barbacoa tacos, so he sent an order over to us.   He was right - the barbacoa tacos were delicious!  He also educated us on tequila.  (and that's a story for another day... haha)

It's a great meeting point between Scottsdale and Tempe and it's totally worth it!! All in all, a great experience at Flicka's!   I hope more people go check this place out.
The only thing to say about Flickas is," Why in the heck can't you pass a health inspection...EVER". You can't even get hand washing right
We had a happy hour event on the spacious, airy patio last night at Flicka's. Great turn out, perfect weather, good company, good service, great night!

I forgot all about the free "Friday happy hour" buffet indoors and ordered the spinach and shrimp salad. I was was pleasantly surprised by the price of the salad, which was MUCH more reasonable than other restaurants I have been too lately ($5 for a small bowl of shoestring fries at that other place?!) The shrimp was grilled and good! I had enough leftover for a late night snack. That's what I'm talking about!

I just read a previous review about the horrible sewer ladies bathroom smell. Yup...still there. The toilet had clogged (if that happens all the time, why not install industrial toilets?!...duh) and water was all over the floor. There was a Hawaiian air freshener (the same one I have in my bathroom at the moment) in there that smelled awful mixed with foul sewer smell. I know I can never buy THAT air freshener again.

Flicka's- you would have had a five star rating without the sewer-smelling, wet floor bathroom, with the bathroom door propped open while I used the toilet....but thanks for the offer to use the employee bathroom.

Has Captain Morgan flown the coop? I didn't see him inside on bathroom runs.
I visited this place with a large group of friends Friday night. It was a lot of fun. The only thing I didn't like was we had tickets for free drinks but they were only accepted at one of the bars and when we got there there wasn't anyone working it. I gave up waiting and bought a drink at the other bar.
Nice size outdoor patio - an outdoor patio is essential for a AZ bar. I saw some heat lamps out there too so it can be used year round.
Went there on a Saturday night and they had a DJ who played a huge mix of music from 70's and 80's to today's top 40. They have a stage in the back too so I assume they have bands too... during my visit this became a dance floor.
Had my dinner at this place to as part of a buffet (not sure they offer this all the time; we had a large group) but I enjoyed the food offered to us.
I was walking with a bunch of friends when we decided to stop in. The place was alive with music and the bartenders were great. I got to meet the owner and dance with a great group of people. To slow down and eat, they have a great outdoor patio to enjoy the night. Next time I'm in town, I am definitely stopping back.
Great price on a bucket of Corona's.....other than that there is no reason to come here.
This place is a dump!  The bathrooms were disgusting and OUR waitress was not the sharpest tool in the shed.  She could barely get an order straight so we finally had to go inside to order our drinks.   The patio is here is spacious but it's right on top of Scottsdale Rd. so it's busy and loud with all the traffic.  I didn't read if they had food but OMG...I can only imagine.  This place was filthy all around.  Not a fan...
Looking for a new place to grab a beer, finally stopped in here after driving past multiple times. There were a bunch of people there playing card games and a mix of college kids and a few grizzled veterans. They have a huge patio which nobody was using due to the night heat. The best deal is the $2.50 corona's and then I tried a chicken burrito ($7.45) to go. Big chunks of white meat chicken and beans, rice and cheese were inside. There was no sign of the promised sour cream and guac though. Served with a side salad, it was a good burro, but nothing over the top. They did melt some cheese enchilada style over the burro. Seems like a friendly bar - think I even saw Flicka there - he was the one yelling we got the best mother bleeping wings. (those wings were 40 cents each on Wednesday).
Teriyaki Chicken breast sandwich is made to order and is fantastic!
Absolutely miss this place since I've moved out of state.  Flicka's is the best.  Great food, great prices.  You guys ROCK.
Go here on Thursdays with a team and usually the owner is here at that time. It's an open area, good food, cheap beer. I'm happy :)
Flicka's is amazing!!! Flicka's couldn't have been a better setting for my 10 year high school reunion. Flicka helped with getting us all set up from food to drinks. I received so many compliments of the location, the setting, and the food. The food was perfect and all the guys were happy that they could go back for more. And of course our bartenders and waitresses were awesome! Thank you for making it a memorable night!
I went to Flicka's to see a friend's band play.  There was one server who only appeared to be clearing away empty glasses and plates.  I never saw her taking a drink order.  I went to the bar where there were two very over worked bartenders.  I asked for a drink and was told they don't carry that brand of gin.  I then asked for a Kiltlifter beer...again, they don't carry that beer.  Was finally able to get a beer that I liked and went back to our table.  
Shortly after, the "bouncer" said he had a party of 50 or 60 people coming in and he would have to take our table...
Overall, I did not think that Flicka's had anything to recommend it.
really fun!  it was 80's nite!! great time!
note: I was at an event here, so I can't speak to their typical service.

what I can say, though, is that our group had a BLAST. we're large (something like 300 people) and we're famously rowdy, but the whole staff here was nothing but patient and welcoming with us. 

the only reason it's not 5 is because i feel like i save 5 stars for businesses i know better or am super wow'd by. I'd have to go back here for dinner or just drinks with friends to know for sure. but what I can say is that they've hosted parties for us regularly and they are always very accommodating.
This business has been around for a long time, and if you didn't already know this...you can tell just by looking at the building (interior and exterior).  Really in need of some renovation and tlc.  The staff is very nice, the service is good.  If you need a place to relax and have a beer with a friend it's a decent place.
On a lighter note I have to give it up for my favorite fast food. This is as cheap as food gets, but I love it, and probably have ate here once a week for the past 15 years. When I was unemployed I literally survived on bean burritos, soft tacos, and hot sauce.  I believe If every country had a decent method of distribution, Taco Bell would solve world hunger.

As far as this location its open late, built for drive thru, and looks old school.
Probably...no, definitely the best Taco Bell I've ever been to.  The staff is super friendly (minus an older blonde woman), and I've never had a complaint with the food.

Once I had to wait particularly long to receive my food.  My impolite friend had already finished their food before I got mine.  So....4 stars.

However, the other day was "customer appreciation day."  There were balloons everywhere, and the employees seemed extra friendly.  I asked if that meant they were giving out free drinks, and the cashier said, "I could probably work something out for you," with a twinkle in his eye.  I got a free drink, and my impolite friend had to pay for his.  5 stars.

Hat's off to the manager at this location.  He runs a tight ship, and it seems like the employees really enjoy working for him.
This is a Taco Bell. I will not talk much about the food, because it is a Taco Bell. You know what you can expect. 

What I -will- say is I have never had anything screwed up here. I've been to Taco Bells where ordering a 7-layer burrito (one of my favorite items) means you get something that tastes entirely of guacamole, because they put twice as much of it in as they should. I've never encountered that here; everything is balanced correctly, and whatever menu item you order will come to you exactly as it should.

So with that out of the way (and it hopefully being clear that this rating is not about the food itself; don't expect fine mexican dining because it's a 5-star, it's still a Taco Bell), on to why this review:

What sets this Taco Bell apart from others (besides, obviously, the 'making the food right') is the service. As other people have indicated, it is good. Very good. The people are friendly. Almost too friendly; it can feel a little cloying sometimes. But that's still far, far better than the alternative, and even when I find it a tad irritating, I still leave with a smile on my face after having dealt with the people here. They're doing something right when it comes to customer service.
I had to review this taco bell not for the food, but for the dude working the drive through. I'm pretty sure his name is Wayne and he is the friendliest, most upbeat drive through guy I have ever seen in my life. He definitely makes going here easier. I wish everyone loved their job as much as he does!
It's a simple...but dirty, cheap pleasure...a bean burrito at taco bell!  Inexpensive, always the same since I was a kid, always fresh,hot and delicious in its own sick way.  I'm not embarrassed to admit this...but don't hold it against me:)  Whenever I want to do a little sneaky binge look for my car here...don't forget to order the mini churros...not a good date food;0
A++++++ for this Taco Bell. I remember the days when this location could NEVER get my order right, never gave me correct change, was slow, rude, ignorant, didn't speak any English, etc etc etc.

TIMES ARE A CHANGIN'. Starting about a year ago, it's like a light went off - BING! - "wow, maybe we should aspire to not get brutalized by corporate and the FDA every month!!"

Once upon I time, I ordered in Spanish... it was the only way I was going to place my order in under ten minutes, and my only hope of it being correct. No more!

They hired people who spoke great English (no, that's not me being racist - I'm just saying it's hard as heck to order through a crackl-y mic with a language barrier!). And, most of them are bilingual and still speak Spanish. They just hired newer people who aren't as accented.

They started actually CLEANING inside, so that when you go in, it's spotless rather than 'try not to look at the floor, otherwise you'll be too grossed out to eat your food and GOD, whatever you do, don't look at the food prep stations if you want to have an appetite.'

They hired "Wayne" - a way-too-peppy-for-how-late-it-is drive thru kid (young, blondish, and very nice) to remind you to give them all 7s on their telephone survey (and, hey, I do... because they DESERVE IT). He smiles, says thank you, and reminds you to have a good day. God, I wish I had energy like that guy.

They started paying attention to what you order, and ***SHOCK SHOCK SHOCK*** actually giving it to you!

If I order my burrito supreme without red sauce, IT COMES WITHOUT RED SAUCE (once upon a time this would have made me poo my pants since it would have indicated that I had somehow gone through a portal to an alternate universe)!

Plus, if I order one regular burrito supreme, and one without red sauce, one of the little wrappers says " -RED" on it. They label it now - this is unheard of!

Can you tell I like burrito supremes =) ??

So, for all of you South Scottsdale-ites who wrote this place off, veered clear, or drove further to a different Taco Bell in hopes of getting barely less lousy service, TURN AROUND! Go back! Give this place another try.

Check out my reviews - I'm highly critical, and once irritated, I hold a grudge. So, seriously, trust me on this... This Taco Bell has changed.


I'd give it ten stars if I could. Wow, what a turnaround. Kudos to whoever obviously whipped the spot back into shape. You have my business back.
I will not apologize for my obsession with Taco Bell!!!

Three words: cheesy gordita crunch.

Staff seems genuinely happy to be there and doles out more than enough sauce whenever I request "a ton" of mild sauce.

This location hasn't been updated, but as such, has a nice outdoor seating area.
Decent food.. But the doritos locos are amazing!
One of my fast food spots in my lunch rotation, it's quick, cheap, and filling.  I order my usual:

7 layer burrito $2.29
Bean burrito $.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-scottsdale-6?select=Uogu3PaPotPxYZUWJSpJSw#Uogu3PaPotPxYZUWJSpJSw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-scottsdale-6?select=Zgohed3FyU0lMgKrXSYtXQ#Zgohed3FyU0lMgKrXSYtXQ

It's an OK spot for quick eats.  The only bad part is the parking...there's only a few spots and when it gets busy at lunch, you have nowhere to park.

Return Factor - 75%
It's Taco Bell. But for taco bell this location has great service, food was fast & delicious. Only thing I didn't like was how small the inside dining section was but if the weather was nice the patio would be worth sitting at.
If you are in need of fast crunchy tacos, taco bell is the spot. It is what is is! They are trying to amp of the brand with the new Doritos tacos, which are pretty good,  but nothing to rave about. I usually get the standard crunchy tacos and a pintos & cheese cup. I can fell satisfied for under $4. This location is probably the original design of Taco Bell and it's real small inside but has a good size outdoor seating area. I like that some things are not modernized.
Agree with the often mentioned observation that the staff at this location are always friendly and seem to enjoy their job (have only gone through the drive in) and that the location is old school, sort of dated but I have no issues it's clean and reminds me of the one I went to back in the 80's when I first discovered TB and when you could get a six pack of crunchy taco's for a dollar or two.  My favorite is the grilled chicken burrito and tostada both fresca style.
Descent Taco Bell. Friendly service. A little tiny on the inside but pretty quick. Frequent it enough and have enjoyed it thus far.
i wouldn't normally give an uninspired chain restaurant a Five Star rating, but i just love their brunch specials and big patio.

one of my favorite weekend ventures is getting friends and cruisers together to pedal to a local patio for some eats and drinks when the weather's nice, and this place is perfect for that.

it's tempe, so there's plenty of places to lock your bike within viewing distance from the joint's huge patio. it's right off mill, so there's plenty of people watching, and it seems like every other weekend there's a festival of some sort, too.

the brunch is sundays from 11 to 2, and breakfast options are as basic as eggs benedict (pretty good) to breakfast enchiladas (also spectacular). you also get muffins or cornbread to snack on that are excellent.

the best part is the drink specials, $3 mamosas and $3 bloody marys buffet. yeah, that's right, a buffet just for your perfect, do-it-yourself bloody mary. they have three or four mixes to choose from, like straight up tomato juice to their special spicy jalepeno blend. then you can add as much ice, veggies and fun stuff as you want. they have several different kinds of olives and why not throw in a beef jerky stick to stir it up? did i mention that for $3 you have your choice of top shelf vodka? i know, this is too good to be true, but it is. they have kettle one, skyy, absolut, you want it, they got it.

you're starting to understand why i would rather bike than drive up there, i hope. anyway, the crowd is so-so, but with a big group of friends, some sunshine and bicycles, it's pretty fantastic way to end a weekend.
The food is above average and the location is great.  One of the best places to eat in downtown Tempe.  

I have come a handful of times over the past six months or so for business and it is always busy.  Sometimes too busy and loud for a business lunch.  Good ambiance to the place.  As mentioned, it has patio dining.
Their Angus burger is incredible. So is their Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno. According to their website: "Poblano pepper stuffed with a seasoned filling of smoked chicken, chopped pecans, apricots, jack cheese and raisins. Served with green chile mole, roasted tomato cream, Tejas rice and black beans."

Let me tell ya, it's so worth it! 

The atmosphere is cool, too, although it gets a bit noisy Fridays around 6 p.m. The lighting is dim and it's conveniently located off Mill Ave, so you can always spring for Gelato after wards, or just wander the street, checking out stores and people watching.
I guess I would call this tex-mex ish.. I ordered the blackened catfish tacos.. they were excellente.. They also serve some cornbread with your meal that is wonderful.. Our waiter was super nice, and cute.. 

I went for lunch so it wasn't crowded at all and we didn't have to wait.
I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was here. We arrived at 11:00am on a Thursday, and I am glad we did....by 12:00 when we left, the place was packed with businessmen and women. We ordered the trio appetizer (queso, guacamole and salsa) to start, and both my dad and brother got full on those items! They were pretty good. I had the tortilla soup, which was luke warm, although when my mom's came out for her main course it was piping hot. The soup was pretty good...not the best, but it satisfied my craving. My brother had a burger, which he couldn't finish, but my husband ate the rest later and said it was good. I ordered  the chopped salad, and I have to say that the ingredients were extremely crisp and fresh. I chose not to have it tossed (thereby keeping the ingredients separate), and it was flavorful and had great texture. The cornbread that they bring to the table is also pretty darn good as well. I would definitely go back if I were in the area....it's far better than Zuma Grill, which is right near there. Our waiter was attentive and helpful, and he responded well when we told him we were in a hurry because we had to get to the airport.

No complaints about Z Tejas!
I don't think that Southwestern food is really my thing.  I think that Tex Mex is kind of more flavorful.  Nice decor and good service though.

They have free cornbread.  It was decent... tasted like a mix.  I had the seafood enchilades.  Apparently they don't know enchilades mean.. they made it more into a quesadilla.  It had more fish than anything else.

But maybe I just don't know what good Southwest food is.  Busy spot though.
Z Tejas exists for one reason and one reason alone, to sell awesome margaritas at not so awesome prices that you'll totally shell out for anyway because their massive strength will sucker punch you with the first sip and then bat you around like an orca playing with a baby seal right before going in for the kill.

Seriously.

Three of these things will have you giggling, slurring declarations of love to the members of your party, believing your sexiness status just gained +2, craving Jack in the Box tacos and possibly breaking a heel upon your exit.

They are a thing of beauty. (And the reason why they enforce a three margarita limit.)

Unfortunately, they'll run you 6 to 9 bucks depending on how much razzle dazzle you're going for. The Sixth Street Margarita is the most basic, frozen or on the rocks, and is delicious. So is the Z Top Shelf, and the Chambord, and the Frozen Watermelon, and the Grand Marnier, and I think you're sensing the trend here.

And the food... Well, it exists so you don't leave in the condition discussed above. It's not as good as the margaritas, but once you have a couple, you're really not going to care that much.

Brunch is the best time to hit this place up and indulge in a three dollar mimosa, their three dollar top shelf do-it-yourself bloody mary bar (with all the fixins, including beef jerky stir sticks!), or the epic margaritas. The chicken and potato hash is decent, but it used to be much better back when it was the savory sage chicken and potato hash and had, how do you say, actual flavor. Now it's just blah by comparison. Well done blah. But blah all the same (although Mr. Man loves it). So you may want to hit up the smothered burrito or jerk chicken salad instead, both of which are delicious. 

Happy hour is also a pretty good deal, with one dollar off all drinks and half price appetizers. I'd recommend the Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings that are like crispy round Asian pot stickers that come out sizzlin' in sweet chile sauce or the Tortilla Soup, which is done really, really well here with avocado and lots of chunky chicken. 

But forget the food. It's the backup vocals to the wailing showboat sex symbol of a lead singer that runs back stage for a mid show sex/drug/booze binge while his second tier stand-in entertains the crowd with a limp solo. 

The margaritas are bad ass and they know it. Let 'em get a little saucy with ya. 

Oh, and the patio rocks almost as hard as the margaritas, so make sure to be seated out there.
In a word:  happy hour appetizers = cheap, filling, and tasty dinner.  This is another fantastic safety for an out of town guest who likes their dining "uniquely generic.  I know if I took my grandma here, she would love the corn bread.  I know my mom has a thing for the margueritas as they are novel and not too tequila-y for her (very low) alcoholic tolerance, but alcoholic enough so that if I take even a sip from a second one, I feel it.
I wrote a review of this place back in mid-September and gave it only 3 stars... what the fuck was I thinking? 

The food here is fucking brilliant... especially for a chain. Amazing burgers. Their Diablo Chicken pasta dish is to die for. The cornbread is actually good - I fucking hate cornbread and yet I'll scarf this shit down like it's crack. Their chips and salsas aren't that great - they'll do the job, but I'm still not convinced about them. I'm also unimpressed with the sides that come with the mains, but I don't come to this place to eat the sides. 

As I've said before, their margaritas are awesome. They'll fuck you up though, so make sure you have a ride home or else go see a movie to sober up. 

The atmosphere is low-end upscale and pretty nice and cozy - kinda dark inside and a bit generic, but generic is better than flashy, ugly and distracting. Service is upscale as well and I'm usually pretty pleased with it. They offer free valet parking for customers too which is perfect now that they charge an arm and a leg for the parking structure.

Here's my old review for reference: 

Great margaritas to be had here... really strong and tasty. This location isn't very busy ever it seems... perhaps with Fat Tuesdays around the corner, it's just too much competition.

It's a good place to grab a strong margarita before heading over to the movies or something. Their food doesn't inspire me to eat there, so all I've had are appetizers so far... mainly chips and salsa.  Salsa sucks.

It's also got some competition from Macayos down the street which doesn't help. I don't know if this place can stay in business much longer unless it gets busier. It could just be the times I was there though.
I like Z-Tejas, but I just can't get past the just average seafood enchiladas.  It's short on taste, short on seafood, and big on spinach and other filler. See Barrio and Tradiciones for kick ass seafood enchiladas.

The decor is very upscale chainy, but I dig the AZ, NM, TX flags...it's a nice display even though it is designed to remind you you're at a Southwestern place.  Subtlety, everyone, subtlety.

Since then I've ordered differently.  You can't go wrong with their chicken avocado sandwich.  But I do have top say, I get excited thinking about the queso, cornbread and the catfish beignet.  I don't know what they do to the catfish or the beignet crustorama, but it makes me giddy come time for each Z-Tejas visit.  As for the cornbread, I'll second Max's comment about it.  

I can't speak to the margaritas though....since I'm usually there for business lunches or business dinners.  Hiccup, um what was that, boss?
Late evening on a week night and we were hungry. We phoned around to a few places and decided to come here. It was a short drive from where we were staying but Ztejas has never disappointed before. I used to go in Vegas and loved their Diablo Chicken Pasta. I am sure if I had ordered that, I would be giving the place a 5. But, I decided that I had been eating a lot like I was on vacation and probably needed to be a bit more sensible. I got a grilled chicken salad and SG got the fajita special.

They bring out corn bread to start with honey butter (needs more honey in that honey butter.) It comes out in this great little cast iron skillet. It is soo good. But do not get carried away, because your meal portions will be large too. My salad was big, but the bowl was bigger, making it look a little small. It had one chopped up grilled chicken breast and some delicious spicy ranch dressing. There was corn and beans in the salad too, so I felt like I was getting more vegetables. SG's fajitas were good. There was grilled meat and peppers, some salsa, guac and cheese. Only three tortillas come with the plate, but they are resonably sized. 

We both ordered bottomless iced teas and had them filled about a million times. Our server was great. She was fun and lively and the service was really good. 

This place is very good and I would go back to this or any of their locations. The food is always good quality. Best try that diablo chicken pasta sometime if you like spicey, creamy, yummy chicken pasta.
4 of us picked this place at the last minute on a Monday night after traveling from Tucson.  We were seated and served immediately.  We started with salsa and chips which we had to pay for but it was well worth it.  For $4.50 we received great chips with 3 different kinds of salsa and some outstanding corn bread.  We all had frosted margaritas which really hit the spot. Our entrees proved to be just as good.  I had Baked Seafood Enchiladas that had a delicious sauce and plenty of seafood--excellent portion as well.  My wife had the Smoked Chicken Chile Relleno which she really enjoyed and our friends had the Achiote chicken salad (said it was a great salad that she couldn't finished and saved for the next day) and one of their classic enchilada dishes with slow roasted beef.  We would definitely go back.
Ok.  I might have given a four out of five stars if the server could pay attention to the tables that he was meant to service.  Instead, on a slow Tuesday night in April, the service was wanton of care.  When I asked about the differences in the margaritas on the menu, the server CLEARLY lied and did not attempt to hide it.  LEARN YOUR MENU THEN PRESENT IT.  

Done with that critique, a few of the nice things did not include the nachos ( mediocre) but the ambience and the rest of the meal was actually ok.  Just needed help getting past the initial brawl with apathy.
And who can afford to have apathetic service??

Sorry.  I said I was done with the negative side.  
Hours later, I emerged less than emaciated yet energized and enthused that I would be able to have the rest of my steak at the hotel...
in a nice friendly environment... 

SO...I would go again but I will probably not.
I've probably been to Z Tejas more times than any other restaurant in the area. For a franchise, it is surprisingly good and consistent. I can think of only one bad meal I had here (a chile relleno) and many more good to great meals. All the appetizers are good, including my favorite thing on the menu, blackened catfish tacos. Also good are the barbacoa stackers, and from the main menu all the salads are good and interesting, as well as the mushroom enchiladas (outstanding) and the macaroni and cheese (just good soul food). Another specialty are their margaritas. I generally prefer the 6th street on the rocks, but the frozen margaritas have more alcohol in them (for the same price--a bit annoying) so I've started ordering those. Their mojitos are also really good. The service is usually pretty good, even when in big parties (I've been with ~20 people at happy hour and the service is fairly quick and friendly; they will also split bills for easier payment). The best time to come is during happy hour, when margaritas are a dollar off and all the appetizers are half price (1 appetizer is usually enough for me). It can get crowded at times, so if you have a larger party I would recommend a reservation, especially if you want to sit inside. 

Also as an aside, they have a gluten-free menu upon request (my friend loves one of the salads on that and asks for it even though she can eat gluten).
Z Tejas
Chain restaurant with predictable yet decent food. Here are the reasons I go there.

The best Chambord Margaritas and Peach Mojitos you will ever have! They are very overpriced but so potent you won't even feel the dent in your wallet after 2. Yea I said it - 2. They cut you off at 3 (but if you're at a table you can sneak one at the bar :)

Food that keeps me coming back~
Chicken Artichoke Mushroom Stack
Miso Salmon
Shrimp Tostada Bites

Happy Hour is decent
1/2 off Apps
$1 off Drinks 

Sunday's
Make your own Bloody Mary Bar (with your preference of vodka) $3
Mimosa 3$
Hash Scramble

Corn bread, corn bread, corn bread!
I want to preface this review by saying that I have not tried any of the dishes on Z Tejas' menu. This location was the second stop on our Friday-night drink/appetizer tour of Mill Avenue restaurants, and we decided just to focus on their margaritas, ordering chips and salsa just to have something to munch on. We sat in the bar area at one of the high banquettes. It took a few minutes for a server to come by and greet us, but to be fair, it was busy, and once she did come by, she was really friendly and attentive. 

My sister and I ordered the famous Chambord Margaritas, and my husband got the house margarita. The margaritas came *really* quickly (a huge plus in my book), were well-priced (no more than $7 for any of them) and they were really good! The base margarita flavor was not overly sweet and you could definitely taste the tequila, and the Chambord in ours added a nice sweetness without being overpowering. My only gripe is that the Chambord ones didn't come with a salted rim; I like to at least be asked if I like salt on my margaritas. We also had to ask to have them on the rocks (I also like to be asked if I want my margaritas frozen or on the rocks). Those little complaints aside, we were really happy with the drinks. The chips and salsa were a little pricey ($4.49) and the salsa trio it came with wasn't particularly memorable, but they were a nice complement to the drinks. 

From my brief glance at the menu, the food looks pretty standard and Americanized, but given how good our drinks and the service were, I'd be willing to go back and give Z Tejas another try for a meal.
This is one of the few chain restaurants that I love. The happy hour is pretty relaxed but it does attract the khaki-pant-buttondown-shirt crowd. The stuffed porked tenderloin is delicious and I'm a big fan of the appetizers. Plus the Sixth Street margarita (on the rocks WITH salt, thank you) is worth fighting downtown Tempe traffic.
Yes, it's a chain. But it's a Texas chain that opened it's first restaurant on 6th Street in Austin. That's street cred in my book. I've been to all their Austin locations, but now frequent the one off Mill Avenue in Tempe. Went for lunch just this afternoon as a matter of fact, and it always amazes me how I forget how good the food is between visits, even the complimentary corn bread. Today I ordered the Blackened Catfish Tacos with black beans and rice. Yum. I also recommend the Wild Mushroom Enchiladas and Baked Seafood Enchiladas.
Tried the Z'Tejas brunch for the first time today. Yummmmm. Check out the self-serve blodymary bar when you walk into the dining room - lots of options. We chhose the mimosas with fresh squeezed oj. Before they bring your entrees, you get a muffin and berry sorbet with fresh berries. The eggs benedict is good - very fresh - but it's MUCH better with the chipotle hollaindaise instead of the regular stuff. The chicken and potato hash is pretty great and I've heard good things about the breakfast enchiladas. I think most locations offer brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 10a to 3p.
It might be a chain restaurant but oh so good.   This is a place you have to check out.  I'm sorry I don't live in Tempe so I can't eat here more often.
Disgusting food. Good service.  I have tried Z'Tejas twice and will never try it again.
i've sampled the z-tejas fish (and it's fabulous), the southwestern salad (and it's great), and burgers (which are finely cooked) but it's the tortilla soup that keeps me coming back for more. they will add as much avocado as you want and always give you extra cheese in the fist-fulls (when you ask for it). i should also mention that they have a great selection of flavored teas.
my most recent visit wasn't very positive, as it took too long to seat us (for whatever reason, they changed my party of 5 to a party of 6) i pointed this out after 20-some-odd minutes of waiting and were seated immediately.
the tortilla soup wasn't all that good and the service was so-so, although no one complained. i would continue to frequent this place if i lived in tempe.
We took my sister to Z Tejas for dinner on Saturday evening and had a relatively nice time. The decor is southwestern, but it's done in a tasteful understated way, unlike some other places we have been to here in the Valley where it is so overdone it borders on tacky. We were seated right away since at 6 pm, it was a little early for most people to be dining on Mill Avenue. Our waitress was very nice and paid us just the right amount of attention. 

My sister had the Patron Fruzion margarita which she really liked, and I had the 6th Street Rocks which was also really good and I am not a huge margarita person. We enjoyed the Tejas Trio as an appetizer, which was chips and a trio of queso, guacamole, and salsa. The queso dip was fabulous and our favorite of the trio. We also had the cornbread which I thought was very tasty - not dry at all which was a plus. I think if we had just stuck to the drinks, appetizer and cornbread, this would have been a four star review. However, we also ate dinner which was very so-so. My sister just stuck with a burger which was a good size but not obscenely large. Chris had the chicken enchiladas which he thought were pretty mediocre, and I had the five cheese macaroni and chicken. Now I like cheese, but this dish had a much too high cheese to macaroni ratio. Also, I think if the dish had used penne pasta instead of the macaroni noodles you get in the Kraft blue box, it would have been much better.

Our bill came to $81 after tip, which we didn't think was bad at all. Chris and I decided we will go back for happy hour (1/2 price on appetizers and $1 off drinks), but not to eat dinner.
First off, I would like to give a shout out to my server, Winter. She did an awesome job!!! She was on top of everything. She made great suggestions. I always had a full drink. Also, there was never a long wait in between courses. 

Everything I had was very tasty. 

- Cornbread - It wasn't the best I have ever had. I usually lean towards a sweeter cornbread, but it was still really good with the butter. 
- Grilled Jumbo Quesadilla with Cilantro Pesto Grilled Shrimp - I loved the crunchiness of the tortilla and size of the shrimp in every bite. 
- Southwestern Caesar Salad - My favorite part of this salad was the spicy kick to it. 
- Grilled Miso Salmon - I think 3 different workers told me this was their favorite entree here. Every bite was heavenly. The miso sauce was sweet and compliments the medium rare salmon. Even the potato cake and vegetables that it came with were perfect and unique. 
- Ancho Fudge Pie with Ice Cream - At first I was skeptical to try this dessert because it contained ancho chile, but it really intensified the chocolate flavor. I don't think I've ever had chocolate like this before. 

Since I had an amazing experience, I'm afraid if I ever have Z'Tejas again and order anything, but the items above, I'll be disappointed. I suggest to anyone to give Z'Tejas a try, but you have to at least order the Grilled Miso Salmon.
My husband and I didn't want to venture far on Friday evening for happy  hour, so we decided to check out Z Tejas' specials. We sat at the bar and were helped by two very nice bartenders. During happy hour, drinks are $1 off and appetizers are half price.

Again the Tejas trio and cornbread did not disappoint. If we had stopped there, this would probably have garnered four stars from me as a happy hour destination. However, we also tried the smoked chicken jumbo quesadilla which was very disappointing. While the green peppers were a nice touch, the chicken was much too smokey and there was practically no cheese in the quesadilla. There was just something that was totally off about this dish. On our way back home, we decided that on future Z Tejas happy hour outings, we are completely sticking to drinks and the Tejas trio.

For six beers, 1 margarita, and 2 appetizers, our bill was $34 so we were pleasantly happy. Happy hour only runs until 6:30 and I noticed that at 5:45 or so, the bar area was completely full, so make sure to get there early to get a seat.
right near the heart of the university, it's basically a chevy's plus plus.  i will give them an extra star for the service.  my work colleague said that when i valeted my car they would just "run out to meet me and park it for me"... i didn't know he meant LITERALLY.  they ran like they were in a race, despite the lack of traffic behind me.  go Team Z! 

the waitresses was likewise also very service oriented.  the outside seating was perfect weather which normally i suspect it isn't because of the cold in the winter and heat in the summer, but i hit it right on the head as far as good weather.  

the steak salad was pretty decent.  obviously, we're not looking for gourmet here.  we're looking for a strong showing in the "solid, reliable, good ingredients" and i think it makes the cut there.   the chips were good as well as the really nice corn bread they service complimentary.  my friend's enchilada's look great too.  so it beats chevy's from my perspective.  as far as reliable food with good service near the university, this looks like a very good choice.
Was very impressed by this place. Yes, I've lived in Texas and like "that kind of food," but it was quite tasty. Had a burger and their guacamole, and both were very good. Good service. I'll be back.
The place was decent. It was one of my first dinners while I was in Phoenix for business.  The cornbread is yummy and the appetizer I had with shrimp with guacomole on a chip was amazing. 

Can't remember what I ordered though....so that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.  It must not have been that good that I didn't crave for it enough to go back.  I was in Phoenix for 3 loooooong weeks. 

They have Valet which is nice and there wasn't a long wait...is there ever in the Phoenix area?????  

Leena
Z'Tejas is not a place I would go out of my way for in terms of the straight-up quality of the food. It's somewhere between ok and good.
I've tried a few of the entres but none of them really stick in the memory. The cornbread is good.
I do end up there alot for after work margaritas and the Tejas Trio (chips with quac, salsa and queso). The chips are good.
Also I wish they were open later. It's hard to find a quiet place in this hood that's open late night.
Also, I've ended up having some pretty great conversations at this place and that must mean something... they just haven't been conversations about food.
The mac and cheese meal with chicken here is awesome. It has just a bit of a kick. I tried the chicken, artichoke, and mushroom stack last night for dinner and that's my new favorite. The chicken enchiladas are just ok. Be careful with the frozen margaritas here. They have more alcohol in them than the on the rocks version and will knock you on your ass if you're not careful.

They have fajitas for $10.99 on Tuesdays with half of margaritas with the purchase of a fajita platter. 

And don't worry about finding parking here. They have free valet for paying  customers. Just make sure to get a validation stamp from the hostess before you leave.
I have to give Kudos to the Chile Relleano and the Cabo Grand Margaritas.....so good...just order those 2 things and you'll probably come back.  I have had their tuna...it's okay...the mac n' cheese chicken thing is pretty awesome and usually don't get too many apps so I can't comment.....next time I want to hit up the Achiote stuffed pork tenderloin...and if any yelper has had them and wants to send me their thoughts I'm open.  I love Z-tejas because it's really pretty solid and margaritas are stiff
Have been here a few times but usually for drinks.  The atmosphere is fine.  Just went there for apps and drinks and it was terrible.  All of the food was cold.  The crab taco special was marginal, very little crab.  The mango salsa it came with was good but they provided so little you just didn't have enough to do anything with.  The mini shrimp avocado tostadas were good but cold.  The soft tortilla fish tacos are usually pretty good but again cold.  The app with chips and three dips was decent.  The serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole.  The margaritas are average at best.  Even with premium tequila they are just not made very well.  Look at my review of Barrio Cafe.  Our server was terrible.  She was hard to get or find, didn't pay attention to what we said most times, and waited forever to bring our food.  The apps took about 40 minutes and the place was not busy so go figure.  Having a drink or two here is fine as long as you stick with wine or beer but the service and food just aren't up to snuff.
Great place for a Friday happy hour! The chambord marg is top notch, achiote chopped chicken salad is to die for, and the trio appetizer is great ONLY when it's half price during happy hour.  Highly recommend but only hangup is the cocky manager, useless hostests, and unattentive servers.  After two margaritas you get over the staff :)
It was alright. Nothing to write home about. Hence the lack of review.
The Grilled Shrimp thing was pretty good.
The service was good, our waiter was very attentive.

My only mistake is that I mistook the green sliced vegetable on top of the pasta as green bell peppers (which I love)..turns out after a few bite in my mouth I realized it was jalapenos! (which I hate) You can image my shock.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
9 *Drinks*
9 Service
9 Atmosphere
6 Value

Honestly, the cornbread is so good I don't even care about the entree by the time it gets to the table.  And the margaritas are great, but expensive.  However, if you go the Martini-Rita route, you get some generous pours!
Seriously? This will pass for mexican food in Arizona? I have had better mexican food in Akron, OH.  Stay away from and find a street cart, seriously.  Nothing else to say but, yeck!
Wow, what's up with all the negative reviews? First of all this isn't a "Mexican" food restaurant, it's Southwestern, which does include Mexican, as well as Native American and Spanish, with a mix of Louisiana flavor thrown in . The food is colorful, flavorful and spicy. (What us southwestern boys like.) 

The cornbread served hot in a cast iron skillet is a nice touch. They have a huge selection of tequila and an assortment of drinks. The chips are salsa are always a great way to start. I've been here many times and I try something new on every visit. I've never been disappointed. I tried the the Citrus Flanked Steak last night and it was seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection. I really wanted to get the Ancho Fudge PIe (made with almonds and pecans and pinch of ancho chile) but I often feel too fat so I skip dessert. 

The service is friendly and decent. Z'Tejas is one of my favorite places in downtown Tempe.
I don't know that I've ever ate here before, But I do know that I've drank here a lot of times and theyhave the BEST shamborak Margaritas ever! I stop here ever time I'm in the area just for the margs!
Z-Tejas serves up your basic "Tex-Mex" cuisine with New Mexican, Arizonan, and Mexican influence.  I would have given only 2 stars because my dish (carne enchiladas) was just plain.  However, my wife enjoyed her chile relleno and we had an excellent server, so I bumped it up to 3 stars (the homemade cornbread is also delicious).  

Trufthfully, there are many better options in Tempe and Scottsdale so don't waste your time here.  It's kind of like eating at an upscale of version of Chili's (which is right around the corner), which means that you could go to Chili's and get the same food for much cheaper.
The seafood enchiladas were great.  The complimentary cornbread is good as well.  The black beans on the side are actually beans and not a larded up mash of beans, they were very tasty. 

Service was attentive and a good drink selection.
Every time I go to Z'Tejas I just love it! I always pig out on the Trio App - warm queso, salsa, and guacamole - and taste my meal. I always take home left overs.  Tonight I got the Steak Fajitas. They were delicious and a bit different than other fajitas I've had. There was a citrus flare to these fajitas without too many onions and peppers. 

This was the best part: 

On Tuesday's Fajitas are only $10.99 and you get 1/2 your first margarita! What a deal. If you've had the margs at Z, you know you don't need much more than 1. 2 will do you. I highly recommend the Chambord Frozen Margarita. Delicious! 

The service was quite attentive. Presentation was nice and the patio was perfect. 

Quite honestly, not a thing I didn't like at Z'Tejas - Tempe. BTW, I usually frequent the Scottsdale Fashion Square location. They remodeled their entire restaurant. I love the new atmosphere although the patio is always my first choice for a table.
I met a buddy here for dinner last night. Here is the lowdown:

Location: 5/5
Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5

Don't miss the cornbread, it's fantastic. We started out by splitting a bowl of chips and salsa. The salsa is fresh and very good. The chips were crunchy and not too salty. I had the green chili enchilada with black beans. Not normally a big black bean fan I was surprised how good these can taste when they are very fresh and well prepared. The rice was nice and fluffy and delicious. The waiter was cheerful and helpful with suggestions. The service was very prompt without hovering over us - not an easy balance to strike. 

A nice bonus is that they will valet your car for free. Just get your ticket validated by your server. The location is right off Mill Ave. so you are right in the heart of the action. The prices are very reasonable as well. Most of the entrees are $10-15. This place is great, give it a try.
First time to Z'Tejas. I've heard a bit about it, and one of my co-workers also works here. I honestly thought it was like a fancy Chipotle. 

Really nice place, with valet (+). We got in and were quickly seated. My friend had eaten there once before, so he took the lead. We got a Corona (him) and a Midori 'tini (me) to start. Drinks are a little up there (my cocktail was $8) but let's say I was splurging. 

To start, we got the Tejas Trio (salsa, guac, and queso), as well as these guacamole, shrimp, whatever. I'm not a fan of shrimp or quac, but I gave it a try and I have to say it was a little tasty. The queso was also really good, the salsa and quac average. 

For our meals, he got the barbacoa, and I got the chicken enchiladas. My dish was really good, my only complaint is that there was hella black beans and a small amount of rice. I would have preferred it the other way, but everything on the plate was good. 

I wouldn't come here on a whim with some of my friends, but it's a really nice special occasion place.
I can't really comment too much on food at Z'Tejas since I didn't eat here but I can comment on their service, decor, and margaritas. Now one thing I'll have to say to Z'Tejas is "Job well done on your margaritas" You take your special drink serious and the taste shows. Your service as fast and friendly. Your decor as very Phx and Southwest proud. Next time I'll try your food but let me just add your prices for your food are too high and that was a turn off and we choose not to eat there. Otherwise...your team is going a great job.
Service was outstanding.

Food is verrrry mediocore. 

I like how they bring cornbread in a skillet with butter.

If you like Tex-Mex you'll love this place.

I really don't care for it.

But give it a try. Location is fantastic. Near many shops and other restaurants.
If you are looking for a chain that does not feel like a chain, then you might enjoy this place.  The decor is pretty nice and has a modern upscale casual feel.  They have a lot of seating, so even if there is a wait, it really should not be too bad.

The food is slightly above average.  I would say this is a safe place to bring out of towners or a business lunch, but it is not on my list of favorites.  The cornbread is a great addition to the meal and most of the mixed drinks are good.  The food is good, but nothing on the menu seems to be too memorable. 

Again a safe nice place if you are looking for an americanized mexican restaurant.  It has a fairly upscale casual touch to the decor.  Usually any Z is located nearly a shopping district, so I could see this as a good place to go on a shopping day or for some drinks.
Pretty hit or miss.  Cornbread was great, the place was really empty when we went, but/so the service was great, nice and conversational.  We got the salsa trio and the red salsas were great.

Other than that, the chicken tortilla soup, crab spinach dip, catfish tacos, and the stuffed poblano pepper were really all rather unremarkable and I can't say I recommend a visit.
After the original cafe we had scheduled our book club at was closed, we decided to do brunch at Z'Tejas. The brunch options were kind of blah. I wanted to get peanut butter (or Jam) for my english muffin, but they didn't have any. I thought I'd try the french toast but didn't when they let me know that they didn't have syrup. 

There are so many AMAZING breakfast and brunch spots in AZ, there really is no reason at all to go to Z Tejas for brunch. Maybe they should stick to lunch and dinner.
Z'Tejas made me realize that I should eat brunch more often.  It's not quite breakfast, it's not quite lunch, but it comes with a slice of cantaloupe at the end.  You don't get completely what you would at breakfast, but you get a good meal!  Come on, Z'Tejas, there are ten pins in my heart, you've knocked over eight.  Won't you please pick up that spare?

I ordered their breakfast-y enchilada and it was pretty amazing.  It had an egg on top and spicy sauce and it was served with a muffin and fruit.  Enchiladas, eggs, muffins, fruits.  And iced tea.  The combination of flavors was kind of a shock going from here to there but it was fantastic and I loved it.

I've ridden past this place again and again and again.  People have spoken about it on Yelp.  People have told me how awesome it was.  Seeing it out of the corner of my eye going down mill, I never made the connection that it was there.  Because of the red, squiggly "Z" in front, I always assumed it was a cell phone company.  I don't know.  It just looked that way to me.  I'm glad I finally checked it out.

On a lazy, hungover Sunday, I'll be back.
I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex in general but my mom had a gift card so we decided to give it a try. The service was nice and the waitress was very attentive. (this is noteworthy because my family is the kind of family where every single member has some special order with their meal) 

The restaurant was full of... well I can't even describe the kind of people I found here. Imagine if a rich snob from Scottsdale had a bunch of kids with a pretentious asshole college student from Tempe. Then imagine if their kids grew up and lived in one restaurant. Luckily the seating was kind of private and we went during a time when it wasn't busy.

I don't like corn bread but my family said the cornbread was fantastic. It looked pretty legit to me. The food itself was pretty good. Kind of pricey. Oh man but their margaritas sucked. I think they used store brand tequila or something.
it's a little embarassing for me to admit that i have been here more than once, hell probably 8 times or so. But I have to note that it has only been for their happy hour, which is pretty good, esp. on a date.
The drinks are a lot more affordable, the entrees are somewhat cheaper, and most of them are pretty tasty. The bottomless chips and salsa appetizer during happy hour here is pretty killer, although the servers tend to look down on you by the time you ask for your 5th refill......dont call it bottomless if your gonna sass me! im a hungry boy!
Ladies seem to love this place, idk why, i mostly feel uncomfortable in here, maybe im a little too sensitive to my lower class brat upbringing.
I like this place strictly for the happy hour, and should you try it out im sure you will as well.
p.s. the corn bread is bitchin!
came here for dinner with my roommate. nice place. our waiter was super cute. =) i had the seafood enchiladas and my roomie had the chicken enchiladas. both were very good. i love that they serve complimentary cornbread. it was really yummy. i also had the guava mojito, really tasty but had very little alcohol in it. it wasn't very busy considering it was a friday night. they even have complimentary valet for diners. you can't beat that.
I had lunch there with a few friends, we all ordered off of their summer lunch menu and the food was amazing, lots of veggies and unusual flavors, we were all full and for under $10 a piece!
I went here for the first time recently. I asked the waitress what to order because I am pretty picky and don't like a lot of the main ingredients in tex-mex (peppers, tomatoes, onions, etc). She said the mac and cheese with blackened chicken was amazing so I went for it. Honestly, it is the best mac and cheese I have ever had. You need to go and try it. I had everyone at our table try it and they all loved it. Also, their margaritas are delicious and they put a lot of alcohol in them which is always a plus. I plan on going there soon as now I am craving their mac and cheese.
I ordered a salad with a variety of melons and grilled shrimp.  The shrimp was chewy, hard and terrible.  The rest of the salad was great but that was a huge turn off.  They did, however, have the best skinny margarita I've ever had.
Oh this CA girl who formerly believed Z'Tejas was Tex-Mex. Now being a recent Austin resident, I know this is not Tex-Mex. I was not happy that I had to valet my car-this is not the type of restaurant that needs it. I guess it's due to the high density of restaurants & shops as well as the close proximity to campus that makes this a necessity. I guess it's helpful.

I like the happy hour deals on appetizers, which means I did not spend as much money. Enjoyed the dumplings; Ahi was ok; pulled-pork nachos were meh; catfish tacos not so much.

My Z'Tejas Saviors: Corn Bread. I will go back just for the corn bread. Tableside guacamole-yes please! The portion is too big for just two people though and I really doubt anyone would want to bring it home.
Great food every time.  Had the season grill, and was very pleased. A lot of great flavors on that dish!
The margaritas and the shrimp tostada bites are amazing!!! This is a great place for happy hour, especially with a big crowd since they take reservations and let you order off the happy hour menu from anywhere in the restaurant. I like the appetizers much better than the rest of the menu which is a little bit pricey and I think less tasty. But I do love Z'Tejas happy hour! I also LOVE that they have free valet which is super-convenient for Mill Ave.!
We've eaten a few times and each time (knocks on wood) the service has been great and the food has been really good.  Lots of great flavor and the portions are not over the top.   Parking can be a little bit of a pain on a busy night... but... other than that... we will go back again next time we are in Tempe.  Well worth the trip.
I'm addressing this review to the Z'Tejas in Tempe, since I like the sidewalk dining there better, but it applies equally to the one in Fashion Square, Scottsdale.  It took me a couple of visits to warm to this place, but since they started serving the skillet corn bread and I've discovered the Catfish Beignets and Ancho Chile Fudge Pie, I'm hooked.
Great southwestern food! Happy hour = half price chips/salsa/queso/guac!  The seafood enchilladas were good.... Cornbread was amazing! Super service on the patio!
Jerk Chicken Salad is awesome. Margaritas on the rocks with salt, delicious. Cool space, high ceilings, good for groups, great for happy hour. Time for siesta. :)
I love this place! The cornbread is yummy to start off with and I have had the enchiladas and I think some type of salad that were both delish. The guac-queso-salsa trio with chips is a great appetizer. The outdoor patio is the best place to sit and relax after shopping on mill!
Great place to eat, great atmosphere, awesome happy hour but the food  is lacking authenticity which is why it only gets 3 stars from me.
Nothing wrong with this place.
Good food (not great but darn tasty) and service is always good (not great except on occasion.)

My kids and I like to eat here in the afternoons (close to their school) because the appetizers are half-price during happy hour.

We ate for $13.51 before tip yesterday;  an adult and a 12-yr-old girl and a 14-yr-old boy.  And we all got full.

We each had an appetizer and drank water (not paying for the sodas helps keep the tab down.)

One thing I REALLY liked yesterday:  the "Salsa of the Day" was VERY, VERY good.  Had a great spicy kick, a good taste, and I ate three tubs of it myself.  Never before had they given me one this good, and I'd say we've eaten there somewhere between 8-12 times.
Great food, nice atmosphere, solid service.  My only knock is it's a bit pricey in the value area.
I wouldn't say they have the best this or that in the Valley.  However, you can always count on this place to be consistent with decent food and good service.
Missed the happy hour but  the Margaritas were not expensive. Waited for an outside table but had to wait inside because you are not permitted to wait outside with a drink in hand. .( As an aside saw 2 arrests on Mill Ave after dinner becuse 2 guysgot caught drinking beer not so carefully disguised in brown bags.) Well worth it on a beautiful night.Great for people watching. Yes, cornbread is good but the nachos with 3 types of salsa was better. My entree was a chicken, mushroom artichoke stack. Decent but not fabulous. My wife's mushroom enchillada was better. .
I have been coming here for years and have enjoyed most of my experiences, whether they are attempting to break the 3 margarita limit or seeing how many happy hour shrimp tostada bites I could shove into my slobbering maw.

All of the food is at least satisfactory with a few real winners scattered about. The achiote chicken chopped salad is a fantastic almost-healthy entree, and the chicken, artichoke and mushroom stack is a bonanza of flavor. 

If you wish to have an epic gastronomic experience and care little about stomach pains and other adverse, long term affects, then I highly recommend the 5-cheese macaroni and achiote chicken. This entree is not for the faint of heart.

If you are looking for the strongest and tastiest frozen margarita, the Frusion is the way to go. The ladies might prefer the Chombord variety, but you can't go wrong with any of them.
Great place for Mexican fusion Cuisine.
this review is for happy hour. ooh, i like that the happy hour was available throughout the restaurant (some places just offer it in the bar). heres what i think of the appetizers we had:

shrimp tostada bites - okay good
spinach quesadilla - okay good
catfish tacos - okay
dumplings - good plus
cornbread - excellent

also tried a couple drinks - margaritas. this place is good for the drinks! also noticed that shortly after happy hour ended, the place emptied quite a bit. so it seems like a lot of ppl come here for happy hour. then again it was a weekday.. our friend, a local, did mention it gets pretty busy on friday nights..

last thought: decor kinda reminded me of a southwestern cheesecake factory.. go figure.
Great food, service, and atmosphere. They have the best margaritas in town. I am a regular at this particular location and I always leave extremely satisfied. They also have great happy hour specials and on the weekend they offer brunch. When the weather is cooler the patio is the place to be.
I don't think I would really classify Z tejas as a four star restaurant, but I love the place for my wednesday afternoon lunches.  I have the day off from work so I like to come here, have some margaritas and usually the chicken mac, and read on the patio.  I'm one of the only crazy people in Arizona that still sits out on the patio in the 116 degree weather.  The staff is always very attentive and are very kind in turning on the misters just for me.  The margaritas are amazing, and the food that I've tried is also incredibly delicious.  

3.5 for the food
4 for the margaritas and atmosphere.
Wow great find for my wife, son and myself while in town for a big 21st b-day party. The atmosphere is very upscale and the staff super friendly. The food really shines here - I like to cook Mexican food so I am very critical of how dishes are prepared. Every dish we ordered was wonderful - lot's interesting ingredients on every dish that played well on the palette. The corn bread they bring to the table is fantastic - best I ever have had.
Tex-Mex at it's finest. We love the atmosphere, classy yet still casual. The music is always jazzy/bluesy and totally helps you wind down after whatever sort of day you've had. 

Their happy hour is great; delicious margaritas, warm, bottomless tortilla chips with three salsas (the green one is some sort of chili, avocado, cucumber mixture that makes me shovel it in as fast as I can), and really good, made-in-front-of-you guacamole.

As far as entrees go I've only had the salads because I stick to the vegetarian menu (AND entrees are a little pricey...) but they have been superb. I'm a BIG fan of the Jerk (no chicken) salad. I could probably straight up drink the sesame-ginger dressing they put on it. Their portions are plentiful and me and the bf split the salad and order of chips, which came to about $16... BARGAIN!

And of course, the cornbread they bring out before your meal is AMAZING.
My friend kept hyping up this place, telling me that there was a potent drink called a little stick that tasted like a big stick.  The closest thing they had to that was their margarita and it tasted nothing like a big stick =(

The chile relleno I had was close to inedible.  I just don't know what they were doing when they stuffed it full of dry overcooked chicken, apricots, raisins and whatnot.  There was barely any cheese in there, I was hoping for a cheesy chicken gooey delicious explosion in my mouth.  It clearly did not happen =(

My companions got the diablo pasta and that was good but it was really just fetticine in cream sauce.

Definitely a waste of a foodie trip =(
Absolutely adorable place: delicious dishes, excellent service, beautiful decor with modern art paintings and Arizona and Texas State Flags on the wall.

Z'Tejas means "the Texas". They serve a good mix of Mexican and American food. 

The presentation of the food is amazing as well. Pretty heavy though, think we over ordered, but omgosh they are all fantastic picks!
Best house Margarita in town!  I like them on the rocks, but the bartenders here always tell me the frozen ones are stronger.  Anyway, if you go in during happy hour, go nuts on the appetizers because they're all cheaper.  I would have to recommend the tostada bites and the pot-stickers.
My father and I have eaten here several times and it is definitely a favorite. My father discovered it when he was staying at a hotel nearby many years ago and wound up eating there every night for a full week. The food is always delicious, the drinks are always delightful, the service has never failed to be friendly and inviting, and the restaurant is always clean.  

The last meal we enjoyed consisted of a chicken avocado sandwich and the voodoo tuna. The sandwich was arranged on two butter hamburger buns that were so fresh they melted in my mouth and the chicken was moist and very tender. The jalapeno mayonnaise added just the right kick and I scarfed it and the accompanying sweet potato fries down within minutes.

Even though I liked my sandwich, the voodoo tuna was a few steps above it. Juicy lightly seared tuna steak with pickled ginger on the top that gave it so much flavor my tongue didn't know what to focus on first. Dad could barely comment on the meal between bites, it was so good. 

We ordered mojitos that were prepared exactly the way a mojito should be, with lots of mint, lime and just the right amount of rum. The complimentary cornbread was freshly baked and delicious as usual. And to top off the evening, we ordered the chef dessert which was chocolate lava cake filled with a thick dark chocolate center that had a slight hint of peppermint. A scoop of pistachio icecream balanced the dish nicely and by the time we had nearly licked the plate clean, we were stuffed and quite content.
Love the complimentary corn break. I had pork tenderloin, which was good. The mashed potatoes weren't impressive though. BF had the ahi, it was pretty yummy. Came with rice pilaf which weren't very flavorful. 

My mango mojito tasted like fruit juice. BF liked the margaritas, though.
Delicious food and gracious, helpful service. Lovely place for a date or a meal with friends!
I enjoyed Z tejas the other night for the first time. Being new here i had to learn whats good and whats not. So i started picking a new place everytime. So far out of the dozen or so places ive eaten it ranks up near the top. First of all the atmosphere is very inviting. The service was reasonably quick but not to quick to where you cant enjoy the conversation before the meal. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Now to the food. I ordered the diablo pasta and was rather impressed at how tasty it was. It was how it seems..... spicy. I really enjoyed the place just wish the drinks were made a lil stronger. Overall it was a good experience and would recommend it to others.
This place was horrible! I will never go back it was over priced and the best thing I ate was the corn bread you get  before the meal.  I had the chorizo stuffed tenderlion it was like chewing on a piece of rubber stuffed with soy. My girl freind had  flavorless tacos with stale corn tortillas. three  words it sucked, sucked, sucked!
Mushroom Enchiladas, YUM!! Might not sound good to some of you, but believe me, these are amazing!! We also got the chips and salsa, which all three versions were a little spicy for me. I like a little spice, but maybe they can tone down the heat drastically on one of the options. Our server was very nice. He was attentive and johnny on the spot with everything. I have been here one other time, also for a business lunch, and I am still a major fan. I need to get back to this place next time I'm in Tempe and try a famous margarita!
This is a typical Tex-Mex eatery. 

The tropical guava mojitos are divine here!! The menu is fairly diverse. Mostly mexican dishes but there are salads and pastas with a spicy kick to them.

The table side guacamole is delicious but not worth the $10. (especially since it's considered an appetizer)

Entrees average around $12-16. 

A very spacious location, so great for groups. I've heard their happy hour is great. Will try that next time. Parking is limited but there is a valet outside.
I used to love this place but  this time I was very disappointed. The grilled vegetable platter  was just O.K. and way overpriced. The complimentary cornbread that is a big hit was not baked although it was 4:30 in the afternoon. I was hoping to eat it with the veggie platter. .
The waiter offered to put it in a box when it was ready for us to take with us which was thoughtful but we were going to a play and couldn't have taken it even if we wanted to. Worst part of all is the cornbread tasted "flat". and came with some spread which was not butter. I asked for butter and got a huge dish of margarine.
Ended up leaving half the cornbread and ALL the margarine
My husband had a tasteless tortilla soup. The margherita was good as was the guacamole. A bowl of soup, veggie platter, margherita and guacamole cost $32.
Who DOESN'T want a margarita at 3 in the afternoon?!  I was headed to Gammage for the Broadway show Wicked.  I started with a double shot of Cabo Wabo Anejo and a 20th Anniversary Marg.  Nice way to kickstart the evening!  Enjoyed a Z Salad (my fave) and an order of cast-iron skillet dumplings.  Both were absolutely delicious!  I had to keep after the waitress for water, cornbread and MY CHECK!!  I was almost late to the show because she took 20 minutes getting my check to me!  

Interesting, though, was the fact that I had originally ordered a different tequila shot and the waitress returned to tell me they were out of it, so I ordered the Cabo Wabo.  It wasn't until a few days later that I looked at my receipt and noticed she had still charged me for the first shot (they were out of).  $10.25!!!  Did I say it was $10.25?!!  OUCH!!! 

I immediately contacted the restaurant and spoke to a manager named Angela.  She was extremely helpful and immediately resolved the situation.  Not only did she refund the $10.25 to my card, but she also sent me $20 in gift certificates!  No worries, Z'Tejas -- I'll be back!!

Love this place!
I went there for the first time last night. I made a reservation online which was nice because you didn't have to try to call in or wait when you got there. The food is good and the service was great. They give you bread at your table which is a little different then chips from what I am use to at southwestern food but it was good. I tried the dumpling appetizer it was good!!
Great outdoor patio with attentive staff. We had a few drinks and then tried the seafood enchiladas and grilled salmon. I know what you are thinking: seafood in Arizona? Still the enchiladas, though covered in a few too many layers and sauces, were tasty and the salmon was cooked perfectly.  Without knowing much about the restaurant scene here, i lucked out and would definitely go back. And when you are done just go across the street and have a cigar!!!
Salad was great, food was bland. Table side margarita was served in a pint glass? Focus on service was very impressive. A sign of great management. Wish the enchilada special would have been all that. Next time?
I rarely say holy moly, but holy moly brunch, people. Shared the ahi chipotle citrus bites and the catfish beignets among several people, and both were write-home-about delicious. I had the stuffed french toast all to myself and I'm pretty sure everyone who writes a positive review about stuffed anything makes this joke, but afterwards I was the stuffed one. Luckily everything else I had planned that day involved sitting quietly, digesting and meditating on the meaning of life. The meaning of life on Sunday is good brunch, so the circle was unbroken.
I have eaten here numerous times through the years and the food is always really good. This is a solid choice for lunch, dinner and happy hour. But lets be honest people, there is one thing that constantly brings me back to Z tejas, the Chambord Margarita. From the first time that I tried one back in 2001 up to today, this is the best margarita I have ever had. Everytime I come to Mill Ave. this is the first place that I go. I have one Chambord and then hit the town. You gotta get one!
Went here for lunch with a coworker.  The service was a bit slow, as you are supposed to get garlic bread prior to your meal we did not receive it until our meal arrived because the kitchen was backed up.  

The food was good, but over priced compared to what you can receive at many other Mexican restaurants in the valley.  Wasn't exactly bang for your buck.  I ordered two enchiladas, which were excellent, but for $12, I could have gotten more else where.  

Overall, I would recommend it, but I prefer other places.
Large portions - enough to save half for lunch. The cornbread that you get with the meal was really delicious.  Had a chile rellenos dinner that was quite good.  Daughter had grilled trout with steamed vegetables. A really nice choice to have on the menu. Ate too much salsa - it was great. Great service. Recommended.
This place is awesome! Food and drinks are A+
I'm recently trying out a gluten free diet, so I came to ZTejas knowing they have a g-free menu. I had their veggie tacos and they were amazing! Our server was also very considerate and warned me that the corn bread was not g-free. Big fan, I'll be going back soon!
I came this time to try the happy hour for the first time.  Wasn't as good as I expected and drinks were more than you would normally pay at happy hour but they were premium or top shelf like cabo wabo etc and the two drinks I had were so good that they kind of made up for the high price.   I expected the food to be way better but got the trio and the guac was tasteless had to put lots of salt on it and salsa but the queso that came with it was really good the salsa was just ok.  Steak tacos were pretty good I would get those again.  The shrimp guacamole bites were not that great.  The shrimp on top tasted really good by itself but they put too much of the tasteless guacamole on top of the cracker then top it with the shrimp and that way they are too big to handle in a bite and the boring guac is no fun and seems to take away from the good taste of the shrimp. Total cost for 3 appetizers and 4 drinks $65 without tip.  Next time I would rather go to the Keg House for less and better food too.
It's a freaking chain but they do have decent food and good margaritas.  Unlike every other location of this chain I've been to across the country this one has some stupid rule that they have a limit on the number of margaritas you can buy...   Seriously a limit of THREE?  Do I look like an 80 pound sorority girl tasting booze for the first time or I'm I still actually a 200+ pound old rugby player, honorably discharged army vet, seasoned party professional and citizen of New Orleans that finds downing three of these things easier than Cortes conquering the Aztecs?  I  lived next to the original location of this chain in Austin and I never had to contend with such a ridiculous policy.  No other place in Tempe seems to have such a stupid policy.  The margaritas are good but they are FAR from being high octane potent!   I can understand if someone is stupid drunk being cut off but just having a blanket policy that they are going to limit the number of drinks you can buy is just plain anti-capitalist and un-American!  All I can figure is they are attempting to discourage this from becoming a college hangout...  Ah well at least there are many better LOCAL joints at a better value that don't ration out their drinks in the area.
The cornbread ROCKS it every time.  It sort of reminds me of Thanksgiving corn casserole.  And it's free!

I recently had the chili relleno and it was tasty but could have been heated up a bit more.
Walked in during the Tempa Arts Festival. The restaurant was crowded so went to the bar to sit down and eat, the bartender was very helpful. I noticed a flight of margaritas to try and told the bartender to pick, she did and great job and they really packed a wallop(they don't short change you on the amount of tequila). She brought over a pan of corn bread that was absolutely delicious with juices pieces of corn mixed in. We shared a the Chicken Enchilada and the steak tacos, both were flavorful and delicious and nicely proportioned. Love to go back and try more food. What a great find and the prices were very reasonable. The decor was warm and friendly and the staff was very helpful also.
Great service by Allison; TERRIBLE food!  Took over 40 min to get awful, cold food.  Spoke to mgr, who never came to table, and only offered dessert as compensation.  "Banana muffin" was vanilla cream cupcake?
Great place to enjoy some tasty cocktails!  NIce atmosphere, friendly staff, great cocktails and good food too!
I'd go back just for the Sunday brunch Mimosa bar! 
You get your glass of champagne & then head to a little area set up by the bar. On one side you have the Mimosa section & on the other the Bloody Mary section. 
I loved selecting the type of juice combinations & the fruit to drop in. I'm easy to please, lol! 

The food was just ok. I got the GREEN CHILE BARBACOA ENCHILADAS . The taste was pretty bland & the beef a bit tough. I was expecting Mexican food taste, but this is definitely more TexMex, which is totally different. Next time I'll try something else. 

This location is right off of Mill. Street parking is hard to snag, but there is a public parking garage less than a block away on 6th.
Tried out the Happy Hour here and it was decent. Ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla which was kinda small and in an odd rolled up form, but loaded with carmel;ized onions and a nice smoky white meat shredded chicken for $6. THe guacamole that was alongside was top of line and so was the fresh, homemade salsa. Bud light only $3.50 and i would order that tableside guac straight up next time for $6 at happy hour. Nice staff and they changed the channel promptly on request. Menu looks great, will be back,
Not worth the price. I would not go back. Pretty unexciting.
This place never disappoints me. This is the first time I went during their Bloody Mary bar for Sunday brunch. The service was immaculate, the food was awesome, especially the grilled pork my wife had....it had excellent flavor. I must say, I made a really good Bloody Mary. Their baked goods like the muffin I had and the cornbread my guests had were DELICIOUS. The waitress was excellent as by brother-in-law asked if the burgers were messy and she picked up on the hint and brought him a "messy" burger with LOTS of BBQ sauce. To top it off, the hostess sat us under the flag of my home state.....TEXAS!
Although I don't care for chains, alas it served a purpose. I was looking for something on Mill where I could meet a friend for lunch, maybe sit on the patio, and have something relatively healthy  and affordable. I knew Z'Tejas has their under 550 cal menu so that's what I went for and got the ruby trout with steamed veggies and rice pilaf. The fish was somewhat overcooked but came with a decent pesto/salsa on top. My friend ordered the seafood enchiladas off the regular menu and really liked them. 
Our server was doing his best, and did well, although he was pushing the sales pitch extra thick. He had a comeback for everything trying to upsell us on alcohol, appetizers, desserts, it was just too much. I wasn't in the mood and I found it annoying.
The food wasn't too bad, but it wasn't anything astounding either- particularly for the price you pay. I'd give it four stars if the prices were cheaper. 
Cornbread is pretty great though!
The food is good but service can color the entire experience. In this case, twice. I had dinner with coworkers one night, lunch with them the next day. But on both occasions I was put off by two different servers. 

On dinner night, the bill came and the four of us got separate checks. No problem there. My three companions each ordered an alcoholic beverage, I did not (this is relevant in a moment). We all paid cash with $20s. Their total bills came to nearly $20. Mine about $14. The server asked if we all wanted change. I said yes, the others said no (which makes sense). 

The server clearly heard me the first time, but after gathering all checks asked me again if I wanted change. And this time, his tone was one of "Surely you do not want change, do you sir?". Let's see...a 20% tip would be a little less than $3. But this server clearly wanted $6, or over 40%!

I finally let it go and said I was good, but I did not appreciate the old "embarrass the customer" trick. And I've worked in the industry so I know how it works. 

The next day, a similar experience. This time, we had nine in our group. At the end, as is customary with such a large party, gratuity was already included in the check at 18%. But the server never mentioned it (I always look for it). Most restaurants require servers inform their tables that gratuity added in. But this server said nothing. 

I pointed it out, and the group was surprised and thankful they learned of it prior to double tipping. But in my opinion, if a servers accepts a double tip it's no different than letting someone pay you more change at the register than you were due. Isn't that theft? 

I come to a restaurant for a fine dining experience with pleasant servers. A nice break. Not to be ripped off or have to watch my back. And having this type of thing happen two times in a row tainted the experience to the point that I can't even discuss the food. All my opinion, here.
Went there for dinner a few nights ago -  The margaritas are the only factor that brought this review up to 3 stars.  Compared to a place down the street these margaritas were outstanding.

The food was nothing extraordinary.  The guacamole was WAY overpriced for what you get.  Yea, it's cool that they make it tableside but the portion is very small for $10.50 and it wasn't that flavorful.  Also, it took a significant amount of time for it to come to our table.  So much time, that our entrees were served within minutes, which is one thing I hate.  Who wants their dinner experience to be rushed?

I ordered the baked seafood enchiliadas, which sounded amazing on the menu.  Very disappointing.  It definitely wasn't an enchilada...just two small tortillas stacked on top of each other with mostly a spinach filling. Not much seafood at all and they completely forgot to include any shrimp on.  When I asked for the shrimp, the waiter brought out 2 small very overcooked shrimp.  I substituted the beans for vegetables which were very bland and wilted (green beans and corn).   My boyfriend ordered the barbacoaa enchiliadas...again nothing special.  Sounded better on paper. 

I would maybe only go back for the happy hour margaritas.  Disappointed.
This place is money!  Can't go wrong with the food and they actually have some of the best Margs on Mill. Good service and good atmosphere.
The food? Good quality; the fish tacos were excellent. The complimentary cornbread was delectable, buttery, and melted in my mouth. The prices? Very reasonable. My problem is the hostesses. 
I came here for dinner with my fiance, and to my horror, we were greeted by two bimbos scantily clad in very revealing tops with more than a modest amount of cleavage. I don't know if this sort of "night club attire" is part of their employee dress code or if the restaurant just likes to hire women with such a lack of self-respect. Because of these young, busty women, my pig of a soon-to-be husband couldn't keep his eyes off of them, rather than focusing his attention on his food, or more importantly, me. If we wanted to have this kind of show, we would have gone to the  Hooters down the street. I won't be going back here for that reason. I highly suggest you don't bring a male date here.
Went for Happy Hour, it was a pretty decent deal. Tostada appetizer was delish. The chambord margarita was also a a treasure.
This place is great for large groups since they have an awesome happy hour!  I love the street tacos plate, chambord margarita and can't forget the cornbread YUM! A must go when I'm in town.
Sooo Good! The shrimp dumplings turned a non-seafood eater into someone who craved the dumplings later
Great corn bread! Everything is average in taste, service is good but you can get bored of it soon as they do not change their menu or make new stuff
Love the Trio app great starter, margaritas are to die for, and the 5 jack mac and cheese, HEAVEN. Service... good luck with that one... but YUM. Best Margaritas in a restaurant chain ever!
I came here for the first time to meet a client for lunch.  He selected this place because it was convenient for him and his office location.  Since I don't come down to Tempe very often, I didn't realize that there's free parking for this place if you dine here...so instead, I paid for metered parking down the street because it's hard to find parking in this part of Tempe during lunch.

After reviewing the menu, we decided to split Chips & Salsa, $5 for an appetizer and I ordered a Hickory Burger, $10.75.  The Chips & Salsa was pretty good but the Burger was excellent!  Not only is it full of flavor, but it's huge and juicy....great tasting, but I shouldn't have had it for a business lunch....it could've been a disaster because it's pretty messy.  I lucked out and didn't get it on my clothes.  Next time, I will order it for dinner.

Service was good and the lunch was successful.  Looks like this place would be fun for happy hour...will have to give that a try sometime.

Return Factor - 90%
The smoked chicken stuffed poblano was fantastic!!! My cousin said his skirt steak was delicious. Finally a five star southwestern restaurant.
I just can't eat at this one since getting terrible service and then going into the restroom only to find it completely devoid of soap.  Yes, you know what that means boys & girls, none of the female staff had soap to wash their hands either.  GROSS!  This was a year or two ago and fingers crossed they're better now but this Z-Tejas location is ruined for me.
Great food and ambiance.
I admit, i have passed on this place a few times just bcus i was not highly impressed with things i have read/heard but i finally gave them a shot. Nothing really knocked my socks off but nothing left me complaining or bitching either. they have a large menu and a good variety of original items but to be honest the description sounded a lot better than the actual taste of the food. Service was good and nice large space inside. 

i was full and content but i wont be begging to go back again. I'm not a hater or a lover i guess you can say just a satisfied guest.
Upon moving to AZ, we tried Z'Tejas and I was not a fan.  I can't say why exactly - the food just didn't do much for me.  

I gave it another shot recently and I'm a convert!  My smoked chicken quesadilla was delish and they have a great drink menu (I had a watermelon concoction with black sea salt).  Staff was great!
Ambient is very nice, celing is high... I only ordered the tortilla soup... It was spicy for me and I did not eat it. The waitress just said since it was too spicy for you, You wont be charge for that. Thank you waitress, you made my day
The cornbread will not desapoint you!!!
I've been here a couple times now and I do enjoy coming to eat here every now and again. Good-sized portions, and their cornbread is just amazing. Favorite thing to get here is the street tacos (I'm a bit of a taco addict), but I want to try their veggie tacos as well. Good queso/nachos. Customer service is very good - the servers are friendly and accommodating. I love their teas; all unsweetened, but they've got great flavors. My favorite so far is the mango one, though the passion fruit is also good. Oh, and their tortilla soup is GREAT. That + cornbread + tea = the perfect comfort, recovery meal after a hangover.
Best margaritas and cornbread! The diablo pasta is amazing, and you get enough for two meals. I usually do not eat leftovers, but Diablo pasta (and Alfredo in the Dark from Oreganos) is the only food I still like the second day. The cornbread, street tacos and trio salsa are fantastic. The Sixth Street frozen margarita is soo yummy and strong! Great place to start a fun evening in Scottsdale or Tempe.
Went to ztejas today for lunch. The server was great, I got the happy hour margarita, which are super strong and always delish. Then I ordered the salmon miso with rice and veggies. It was a $19 plate. I asked for the salmon medium rare. As I was eating it I got to the thicker part and it was pretty much uncooked. It wasn't even warm in the middle. Told the waiter and he took the plate back to fix it. When it came back it was my exact same plate with my partial bites in the same place, conclusion they popped it in the microwave! I sucked it up and ate it to realize the rice was hard as well! Awful. When we finished the manager came by to ask how it was. I let him know my salmon was way undercooked and the rice was hard! He said sorry and that he would let the kitchen know. Didn't offer reduced check, dessert or anything. Besides the marg and cornbread it was awful and I can't believe I spent 30 dollars here today. Never going back.
Mediocre. They forgot our bottom less chips and our steak fries that came with our dinner! Our waiter was nice but still a little clueless. Food was alright
What a disappointment yesterday. We wanted to have a late dinner and drinks after the football game and that wasn't possible at the Tempe z-Tejas. I love the location in Scottsdale so we thought this would be a solid spot to patronize. 

We were seated in the corner like they didn't want us there. But this allowed for us to watch the timeline and activities in the area. They started filling in the tables and actually moved other patrons after they had been seated so they could accommodate another table?? Those folks were more polite, I felt this inconsiderate to their experience. On the subject of other patrons another table did better by getting their drinks from the bar. Our server was too busy standing at the server station, "looking busy". He wasn't, trust me, I was a server for years. Not a good habit when the computer is in guest view. 

The female server in the area was on top of things and folks who were sat after us had drinks, cornbread and soup. We had asked for lemons twice to no avail, because our server never came back to our table by that time. The one thing we managed to receive was the "hard day" margaritas. These were over poured with alcohol and didn't taste good. 

It came down to the unfortunate situation of snagging a manager from a runner. I informed him of the deplorable service and he offered to be our server. It was so long at that point I couldn't stay. It was insulting. The manager comp'd our drinks and said we were are free to go. Like we were being removed from prison. At this point I was so irritated I would have preferred a more professional phrase, such as I'm sorry for the poor service, etc. The server never introduced himself, never even looked us in the eye or took care of us and his other tables in the slightest. Here is your tip: do not work in a college town at a place where people will come late at night if you can't be polite. It's part of the job. Maybe find a job where you don't serve people because you are not good at that.
Chicken tortilla soup is delicious!!! Highly recommended! Everyone that ordered it all agreed that it was perfect. Chambord margarita is delicious as well!! Everyone also agreed that these margaritas were pretty bomb.

I came here previously and just recently for lunch. The whole group I was with enjoyed our lunch especially the margaritas. Two friends had the chicken avocado sandwich with sweet potato fries. I had the soup and a garden salad. Sandwiches are probably the better option but if I didn't say it enough try the tortilla soup! 

I will be back, maybe to try out the happy hour!
The food and service are good. I just can't say I was wowed my experience here.
Nothing special here. Food isn't bad but nothing to get excited about. Especially for the price. Service is just ok. Went there with some friends and probably won't go back.
This is one of my favorite happy hour spots on Mill. They have the best Chambord margarita's! Be careful though...they are strong. Another must order item on the menu is the Tejas Trio.
One of the only true sit down Mexican restaurants close to campus. The cornbread that they give you the beginning his very excellent. And the enchiladas are also good themselves. A good place to take someone on a date!
Now that I have moved to CA, I never get to eat at Z'Tejas anymore.  So I of course had to pay them a visit when I was in town.  I ordered what I always ordered...the Chicken Jerk Salad.  I don't care for the sesame dressing that comes with it, so I ask for Caesar instead. It was pretty good.  Two of my friends decided to try the bloody Mary bar.  It was pretty cool.  You make it yourself near the bar.  You can add beef sticks, pickles, pepperoni and more.  Not a bad deal for $4.
Haven't been here in a while and service not good tonight.  Husband had to go in to flag someone down for water after a long wait, an abnormally long wait on the patio.  It wasnt even busy so after the waitress made initial visit to our table she didnt come back to check on us for a really long time so food was going cold.  finally she came when I was 3/4 of the way finished but I tried to eat slower than the slow I already eat so that I could get the green salsa that I love.  After a really long wait maybe 15 minutes and honestly I think it was more like 20 she comes back with hot enchilada sauce.  I was so upset now because the whole meal was just crap cold and soggy since we had to wait so long in between each visit.  Finally she comes back and I tell her she brought wrong sauce and that I would like the green salsa please.  Again after a really long wait she finally brings the right thing.  Anyway it was yuck and it was cold, and soggy and not fun sorry I already said that.  I used to go here all the time but the visit prior to this one almost the same thing happened.  I had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time I got my salsa.  That was in May and i used to go at least once a week.  So since that last awful visit in May 7 months later I try again and wow it was the same and worse.  Bummer, used to love this place.
Came here yesterday for dinner. We got there around 5:20 and were told it was a 20 minute wait to sit on the patio. There were several empty tables but I assumed they had a wait because there were not enough servers. After 20 minutes we were seated at one of the tables that was empty the entire time we waited. Once we were seated we continued to wait about 5 minutes to be greeted by our server. We almost got up and left but for some reason decided to stick it out. The food was good- we had the table side guacamole, chicken avocado sandwich and enchiladas. The red sangria and margarita were also good but it took 20 minutes to get them. Overall just slow service and I couldn't really figure out why as they weren't that busy. I hadn't been here in several years and do not think I will be back anytime soon.
Food was good, drinks were good, service was really slow. We had a party of 8. It took probably 10+ minutes to get out first drinks. Then some appetizers get delivered to our table... We didn't order anything yet, so waitress takes them away to find correct table. After that we put in our appetizer orders and continued to wait. Finally the apps came out. Had to wait more on additional drinks. Once we're got to the main meal everything lolled and tested good. Not sure if I will go back based on the slow service.

Don't get me wrong I like not being pestered by waitstaff, but this was more of just not being around.
After a long, tough, tiresome, frustrating day of air travel, we had a forced layover in Phoenix. The layover hotel didnt have a full service restaurant. The front desk rep recommended we go to Mill Street, which is 2 miles away and full of restaurants, shops, etc.

We wanted something not too divvy and bar like (the university is nearby, so there are many of these places), and not upscale. We decidedjjjkl to eat at Z Tejas, right off of Mill Street. Beautiful looking place, fun, inviting. Z Tejas has outdoor patio seating, complete with heat lamps. We decided to sit inside. Upon entering the crescent main doorway you encounter a huge bar, cathedral ceilings, fun music, cool mod lighting, lively, beautiful inviting mexican decor (not overly done) and plenty of seating. 

Bartender was totally cool and friendly. I had a Chipoltle Margarita (for those of you who like it spicy. Literally! complete with a red hot pepper as the garnish.). After I drank 1/2 of it, I asked the bartender if he could 'tone it down' a bit, which he did gladly, and shook me up another full (milder) drink. Impressive.

Seating was quick. Our waiter, Jay, was attentive, a bit snarky but knowledgeable and edgy. We liked him. We didn't want to order full meals, and were more interested in just drinks and a few appetizers. He recommended the Street Tacos and Chile Verde, which we now HIGHLY recommend! The food was beyond good. So flavorful, and seriously enough for 2 people to share (we started with their famous homemade cornbread, that came in a black skillet, the size of a small dessert plate. More than enough!)  GREAT place to dine!
I would come back to this place just for the cornbread.  I had a mac and cheese type dish that was pretty good.  The service was good.  I came during lunch and they served us pretty quickly.
The food was average and the service was terrible. The app came after the entre, really??? Was at a difference location on Wednesday and had a great time, never coming back to this location again.                 

Not to mention, it was my birthday and jokingly I asked what's a good bday shot and he looked at me like I was an idiot! I went to the bathroom and my friends asked if I could get something for my birthday he replied "Are you looking for a freebie?" Well he obviously did not check my ID clearly since it was my birthday.

Well thanks Jay that was a great birthday experience!!

Mate you're not much!
Rude bartender, not willing to accommodate a request for tomato juice, she would have to open a large can to give a small amount, made my friend feel like very unwelcome. On our way to BLT Steak for a real dinner...
I paid my first visit to Z-Tejas during a nice bike ride in Tempe because a co-worker of mine claimed they had a great happy hour. I have passed by this restaurant numerous times and didn't think anything special would come from a visit. I had the notion that this was another typical Mexican chain that was most likely overpriced and overrated. I can only speak for their happy hour, but it was probably one of the best happy hours around town! Everything was so cheap and great quality! I swear by their Chambord Margaritas...They are only $5 and although they seem smaller than expected, they pack a killer punch and tastes great! I was not expecting to feel that kind of buzz from one margarita! They definitely pour heavy with the alcohol!! We were planning on hitting the Chuck box for dinner afterwards so we decided to try an appetizer off of the happy hour menu just to give it a try and munch on a snack until we finished our drinks. That did not happen. We were sooooo full from the pork nachos appetizer that we could not even think about eating anything else. When the waitress brought them out, we were in shock and I guess it happens all the time because she immediately said, " I know, they're huge and the biggest thing you can get for $5 anywhere." (LOOK AT MY PICTURE OF IT) Not only was it humongous, it was incredibly delicious!!! They are extremely generous with all of the toppings (and boy, do they have a lot of toppings). We asked for hot sauce and she brought out sriracha. At first we were like, sriracha? That weird, but she walked away and I love sriracha so I was like I'll give it a try, why not? WOW it surprisingly went perfect with the pork and cheese etc. I can't wait to come back for happy hour again because everything on the menu looked amazing!! Our server was so kind and funny. She was very helpful and helped us choose the perfect meal for the day! I think her name was Christina. I definitely recommend trying their happy hour!! I posted a picture of the HH menu and their hours are in there on the side. Happy Hour is 3-7 Mon-Fri and 2-6 on weekends. Do ITTTTTT!
Appetizers came with our dinner which of course shouldn't. Cornbread & catfish nuggets appetizer were really good though. After all the raving my coworkers did, I expected better
Disappointing. I had found this place ahead of time, and liked the menu so I brought a few friends from a conference we were attending. I'm from the East Coast so I was looking forward to some good Mexican food in Arizona. Ha. I've had better enchiladas in Delaware. 

I ordered the Green Chile Barbacoa Enchiladas, which the waitress gushed about, but also because I had decided to get them ahead of time since they sounded great. Meh. No kick to them at all, but also there was really nothing inside them. They seemed small and empty. They looked real pretty on the plate, I'll give them that, but they were mild in taste. Sort of a tourist version of an enchilada. My friends were equally unenthused about their dishes, though they said they were "good." 

On the plus side, the corn bread they served us was tasty.
not worth the money drinks are very small with a high cost, since when do serve margarita's in a rock glass bartending 101
Great margaritas and good atmosphere. The food is decent, but I don't go there for the food.
Be careful during happy hour. Shocktop is considered a craft beer here so they will charge you more for it.

That said what is cool about this place is the Bloody Mary bar.  You can totally fill up your cup with almost anything and everything there and create your own mix of stuff.

After that the food is good and overall a great lunch stop.
Visited a friend recently in Tempe and he took me to this place. The service was great, the staff was super friendly and attentive, definitely a lot more polite than I am used to from New York so they get an A on that. Other than that there is nothing special about this place.

The atmosphere is cool. The food was also good, but nothing that really blew my mind. Over all a good experience but probably wouldn't find me going back here even if I lived in the area.
Service was good and provided wonderful recommendations. My wife and I were able to take all the time we needed to place our order then to eat. I didn't feel rushed out the door which made it a pleasant experience where we could relax have some good food and some drinks.
I haven't been here since college, and now I remember why.  the food is only so-so and the atmosphere is puzzling.  I don't want to listen to loudly-played Britney Spears when I'm trying to eat Tex-Mex type food.

as far as the food, some was good and some was not so good.  I liked the chopped salad, which came with avocado, sunflower seeds, black beans, chopped tomato, cabbage.  I ordered the seafood enchilada for my entree, and I did not enjoy that.  the salmon and other fish inside the enchilada tasted off, like fish that was getting old and almost to the point of being bad, but they still cooked it anyway.  I also wanted some "spice" to my food.  everything was sort of bland, which is really not what you want when eating Tex-Mex (or whatever Mexican fusion type of food this is supposed to be...)

my boyfriend enjoyed his steak burrito, but he also felt like the food was overpriced for what we got.
Really enjoy food here. Severs are courteous and food is just simply awesome. Good for lunch meetings or informal gathering of friends/ family too.

I am a vegetarian. I really like Z'Tejas Trio (chips + cheese +salsa and guacamole) - good for 3-4 people and for main course I like their signature pasta.

If you have never been to this place, it is a must try!

Enjoy \m/
Great salads and tacos. Friendly staff. Make sure to ask for cornbread it comes with dinner free, but our waitress forgot until we asked
Z'Tejas was ok...  Went there for some drinks and desert after dinner elsewhere.  Staff was friendly but not that attentive.  Drinks were fine and prices were on point of what I expected.  Did get this brownie pie thing, and it was really good.  However, I would have a hard time recommending this place with my experience.  I am not against going back and would give them another shot for real food, but if that happens I will make sure to update.
It's kinda funny- I avoided this place because I am not a fan of Mexican food, generally.  But this ended up exceeding all expectations. Nice, upscale Southwestern fare, great bar, great wait staff. Sadly, no wings.  But they had a nice array of imports, free awesome cornbread at the bar (so much for low carb),and really great salads and sandwiches. My co pilot has been there often. So I got to try multiple menu items.  I cannot tell you how good the grilled veggie torta was Mounds of fresh veggies with a glaze on a grilled roll. The grilled steak/ mango salad was spicy and full of nuts, cheeses and veggies. Great for large groups, singles, couples. Clean and open, casual or dressy fine here. All types and characters. I didn't see any coeds, the place is not cheap, but I did get to see game 2 of the World Cup and have a great meal. Perfection.
OMG- the cornbread!!! The cornbread was so good. I literally filled up on cornbread and drinks from happy hour. The food was pretty good as well. Our waiter was such a sweetheart. He was young guy, unfortunately I can't remember his name. Service was spot on and the speed of the food coming out was very fast. I'm deducting one star, just because I've had better food in the area.
The food and service were both good but nothing stuck out as spectacular. Free cornbread to start and it was definitely fresh but I'm not a fan so I can't comment on it. For dinner I ordered the avocado and turkey burger with steamed vegetables instead of fries. The burger was a little bland but hot sauce (siracha or tobasco) really livened it up. The vegetables were great, a mix of grilled peppers and onions. My girlfriend got some sort of chicken, spinach, and mushroom and seemed to enjoy it.  The main reason I wish to come back is because it seems like they might have a decent happy hour and the Bloody Mary bar definitely has my attention.  I don't really see myself visiting often outside of those specials as the prices are a little high for what you get.
Chili's is one of the best chain restaurants in Tempe.  The food is pretty good, although the steaks are kind of small.  Can't go wrong with the baby back ribs.  Burgers are pretty big and the appetizers are well done.  The Awesome Blossom is my favorite.  They have a lot of margaritas and other assorted drinks.  However, they are more expensive for the kind of place it is.  The atmosphere is great.  However, I would avoid going on Friday and Saturday nights.  That is when it's the most crowded full of bar hoppers eating before they get their drink on.
This is the best place to snag some free parking on mill! This Chili's is always busy always.But surprisingly I have never had to wait very long or at all. My room-mate and I came here the other day after a long day of lease signing and ordered the chicken fingers which are OK. My only problem was my corn on the cob was extremely cold gross! I remember eagerly biting into it only to find the surprising corn and cold corn juice squirting in my mouth. It was not pleasant.Our waiter didn't't seem to care when we told him, but he did offer to bring us some more.
I had the most bizarre experience here last night. As the location for the b-day dinner with family, I arrived a bit late (hey, I parked near N. Mill and wanted to walk) and walked in hurriedly, looking around to spot familiar faces. To my left, I saw a young woman waving at me. I looked at her; she looked at me. I looked at the hostess; the hostess looked at the young lady. I looked away to try and spot my family. The young woman waved again. I furrowed my brows and looked around - was she waving at somebody behind me? I looked at the hostess again, who looked equally befuddled. I walked in the direction of the young woman. She said happily, "Alison!" I stepped closer, leaned down to let her get a good, clear look at my face and whispered, "I'm not Alison." Then I walked off, turning the corner and locating my party. Of course I had to tell the story to my family. It was bizarre, after all. The hostess walked by a couple minutes later (while I was telling the story) and said, "Did she think you were someone else?" I pointed at the hostess to add credibility to my story. "See, exactly."

That set the stage for a very enjoyable and often humorous dinner. From the topics of "best friends with naked benefits" to dirty playground jokes to politics, we discussed a wide range of topics. We also enjoyed our meal. I had a salad with shrimp. The waiter was happy to accommodate my request to substitute shrimp with chicken. I also ordered a 22 oz Blue Moon (on happy hour price). Since it was both my and my brother's birthday (we are 5 years apart), we got two free desserts. I let my family select what dessert they wanted. I would have gone with something chocolate, though. My brother went with the white chocolate lava cake. So did my parents. I ate a little bit of it, but soon noticed that my inability to eat white chocolate hasn't change. It's just way too sweet. 

As for the meals, everyone seemed to enjoy theirs. My dad got the Guiltless Salmon with extra veggies. My brother order fajitas. My step mom got something she didn't order, although it did have chicken and shrimp in the mix. She picked at it. When I tasted a piece of her shrimp, I noticed it tasted burnt. Gross. No wonder she didn't eat much. She didn't seem to mind, though.

As for the service, it was great. The waiter knew it was a birthday dinner. He was attentive and fast. When the check came, a manager came over to ask whose birthday it was. I, slightly buzzed, gestured wildly and unrestrained to communicate it was mine birthday, as well as my little brother's. The manager thought that was cool. "It's also their grandpa's birthday," my step-mom said. My brother chirped up, "And the cat's!" 

We hugged our goodbyes in front of Chili's and my brother and I set off down N. Mill to find something else to do to celebrate. All in all, a very nice birthday dinner. Chili's may not have been my first choice in "fine dining" on such an occasion, but I know it's family-friendly and pretty standard in the food and service it delivers. Usually I avoid chain restaurants like genital warts (or so I try), but I can hang at Chili's. After all, they have a little bit of something for everyone.
Yeah, I know you probably already know what to expect at Chili's - I mean, it is Chili's, after all. But this one's for the vegetarians, just in case you didn't know they've got a black bean burger patty available. A pretty good one too. Not sure where they get it, it's definitely not Morning Star Farms. It's much bigger, for one thing - thicker and chunkier. And they'll swap it into any of their burgers without an extra charge. I usually order the swiss & mushroom burger myself - hold the burger, bring on the black bean patty. Definitely gets me my veggie burger fix when the time comes.

I've always received friendly and efficient service at this particular location - they're aware you're probably on your lunch break and they bring the check early, just in case.
one of my fave's, everything i've eaten there was amazing, love the chicken sandwich and i substitute my fries for a cup of tortilla soup.
I may be turning into a Chili's fan.  For years, I would have rated Chili's as thoroughly mediocre, with any other nearby restaurant rating higher than what it could bring.   Today I had a mesquite chicken salad sans tortilla chip shreds.  They kept the chips off (which was sort of surprising to me) and it was pretty good tasting.  
The server offered to split the checks which is nice and the server who brought out the food brought out the checks at the same time in case we were in a hurry.  My drink was kept filled without me having to ask for it and I think everyone else at the table enjoyed everything they were eating. 
We did seem to have to go through a gauntlet of servers, hosts and managers lining the exit on the way out , but overall it was a good experience.
Lets play a game: What are restaurants associated with?
McDonald's......... the Big Mac
Burger King......... the WHOPPER
Denny's....... (drunk) breakfast anytime
Olive Garden...... unlimited bread sticks, salad and soup
And finally, Chili's...... The awesome blossom!!!

Guess which one of those restaurants/fast-food joints have lowered themselves from passing grades to a mere one star standard? That's right Chili's removing the Awesome Blossom from their menu, not cool man. In fact, that is uncouth, un-american, un-awesome. We were giving eyeteeth for those perfectly sliced, breaded, deep-fried, stank-breathed onion bites with the horseradish sauce all week.

Now we know what you are thinking: "C'mon guys you cannot base an entire chain of restaurants solely on one appetizer, now can you". 
Yes, we can; and we did. How are you going to discontinue the commodity that made you? You don't see Dave waking up one day saying, "Ya know, think we are going to murder the Frosty; yup, put a big fork in it: DEAD". It's the establishment doing away with the establishment. I know, back-ass-ward; and it hurts a little.   

So what are you know Chili's: an over-salted, priorly frozen, submerged in fat, microwaved-to-perfection (without the awesome blossom) chain lost in the sea of other over-priced with low quality American chains; that has lost her only "it-factor". Kudos on that.
Over priced rubbish!
Love the Chicken Crispers!  The staff is always friendly and fast.  My stories make the restaurant not just a place to eat food, but a destination and hangout.  Additionally, it's a great place for a date.

The only Chili's date I've ever had was in October 2005 at lunchtime with Shauna.  The date went well although not exceptionally well.  The highlight was at the end in the parking lot.  She told me she liked my Pro-Bush policy sticker on my car thinking it was funny (Yes, I still liked President Bush in 2005, but by 2008, I realized Bush was mostly a failure.  However, I still support that particular policy today).  I told her that I was nervous about mentioning politics because I figured you might be a liberal.  The parking lot was the best part of the date.

I'd like to have an even better date story at Chili's in 2010 with Aubrey; we just had our third date tonight, which went very well and seems to be a bidding relationship.

Another memory of Chili's was also in Fall 2005 while at ASU.  I would hang out with friends from my major between my afternoon and walk to my evening class next door in the Design Building.   An El Presidente Margarita or two made my Environmental Planning class much more interesting.

One day in September 2005, one month before the Shauna date, I told the server, Angela, "Has anyone told you that you look like Lindsay Lohan?"

She smiled saying, "Yes, I get that all the time."

Wittingly, I had the perfect response.  "Except your more pretty than her."

Blushing, she said, "Thanks, that is so sweet of you."

My friends said that I had major guts.  We all left to go to our environmental planning class, but the story does not end there.

The night class was practically next door to the Chili's.  For the first 30 minutes of class, we met our groups.  I told the group that I had to use the restroom, but I actually ran back to Chili's.  I had an ingenious plan.  I ran back in and dropped my CPS unit on the ground where I was sitting.  

When Angela came out, I told her, "I came back because I left my CPS unit here." 
 
She said, "I'll go back and look in lost and found."
  
After she went to lost and found, I picked it up, and she came back about three minutes later.  I said, "Oh, never mind, I found it."
  
She said, "Usually, they are really good about retrieving left items."

I said, "Hey, Angela, you seem really cool.  Do you want to get coffee sometime?"
  
Of course it was the same old story, "I have a boyfriend."

And I said, "I didn't know, but it was worth a try, right?"

She totally agreed.  

The conclusion to draw from my story is that somehow I graduated Magna Cum Laude from ASU in May 2006 after leaving class and pulling a stunt like that.
My cravings of food and drinks are always met. The experience is always enjoyable to put my hunger cravings away and leave happy with great food and great times..
This Chili's seems to be so hit or miss -- sometimes I've gotten great service, had the food come out quickly, and was happy to tip 20% or more.

But then about every other time, we seem to get an "I'm too cool to be in the food industry" frat boy turned waiter who is completely blase, takes forever to get our orders, disappears for 20 minutes at a time, doesn't know the menu, and to be honest, is a complete jack ass.

The food? It's average, but you know what you're going to get. It's worth it when there is a deal, or when I have a coupon. Otherwise, not worth the risk of shoddy service, empty glasses and cold food.
The friendliest, most comfortable place to grab a bite in the immediate area!

I go to this Chilis at least once a week. Every time, I get great service. The servers are attentive. The atmosphere is pleasant - not too noisy. It's just a great place to get lunch with a friend or a colleague (dinner too).

One additional plus is that they have their own free parking lot. Being so close to the university, parking is at a premium. This makes it easy and stress free to get to the restaurant.

I would comment on the food but it's typical all American fare. Everything seems to be of high quality. The hamburgers are particularly tasty. Plenty of variety.

Although it's a chain restaurant, you really get a neighborhood feel. I highly recommend this Chilis.
I know a lot of people seem to despise chain restaurants and everything, but I'm a fan of Chili's. My parents used to take me to Chili's all the time as a child and I used to love getting their tasty chcicken chrispers, grilled cheese, or their cheese quesadilla along with their delicious chocolate shake with chocolate sprinkles on top or a root or coke float. Now that I'm a vegetarian I don't go to Chili's for entrees anymore, but when I'm craving a decadent treat and want to really indulge I always head to Chili's. Along with the Cheesecake Factory, they have the best desserts of any chain restaurant I've been to. If you haven't already, you've got to try the Chocolate Molten Cake, it's super filling and the mixture of warm molten cake, hot fudge, and cold vanilla ice cream is just an amazing experience. I also really like the Mill Avenue location because it's the old design and I like the decor and ambience and looking out the window onto the main stretch. Anyways, Chili's is a great place for decadent desserts and is a big step above similar chain restaurants like Applebee's and T.G.I.Friday's.

Recommended Desserts:

Chocolate Molten Cake
White Chocolate Molten Cake
Chocolate Chip Molten Cake
Brownie Sundae
Chocolate Chip Paradise Pie
Frosty Chocolate Shake w/ Chocolate Sprinkles on top
Chili's in Tempe. Chili's in Maine. All the same. I suppose that is what corporate wants. What makes this place appealing is the staff and the clientele. You can sit next to a Timex one day and a Patek Philippe another day. No matter here, you are still the same.
I went here yesterday for lunch and it was pretty decent. I was really happy with the price, I got soup, salad, and chips and salsa for about 7$. That was amazing! Our server was good and he brought a big basket of chips so everyone at the table could eat them, not just me. That was very nice! The food is generic, yes, but it is convenient and inexpensive, so that makes it alright in my book.
First time here was also the last time. I came here for lunch to meet up with my Aunts on a Monday afternoon. The place was pretty packed, but they seemed to be staffed pretty well, however...you wouldn't know that with the service we received.

12:00 (noon) - I walked in and found where my Aunts were sitting. Sat down, was greeted by the waitress immediately and ordered my drink.

12:15 - ordered my $8 mini burger plate with fries.

12:30 - tables around us finished eating and new customers sat down, then ordered.

12:45 - new customers received their food...we were still waiting for ours... 

1:00pm - after several apologies from the waitress, and several trips she took to the kitchen to find out where the hell our food was, we ended up deciding to take the meal to go.

1:15pm - we finally got our meal, to go. Thankfully the waitress said the bill was on them, and apologized for the unusual wait. 

The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars, and not 1, is because the bill was taken care of and we didn't have to pay for an hour long wait with no food. Also, I was tweeting about the service, and the @chilis twitter account wanted details, and tried to help during the last 10-15 minutes there. Oh, the food was decent. It's what you would expect from any other Chili's.
I am from West Texas (Tejano) but now reside in Arizona and where ever there is a Chili's; I am sure to be there as well!

The customer service is always great! The atmosphere is always relaxing! and almost every dish you serve is fantastic! 

When friends want to go out and eat and they choose another location, I always convince them to go to Chili's; especially my ex girlfriend and 10yr old son. Wow, now if you ever met two skeptical people in this world, it is here. I have been trying to convince my son and my ex girlfriend for years to go. Then one day, I offered them a truce (if they didn't like it, I would take them to Disneyland for vacation) and they agreed, of course lol. So, we headed to Chili's, I had them order the baby back ribs and guess what? They loved it! They live in West Texas still and they now go often to Chili's, (even without me) and they absolutely love it!

PS: yes, I still took them to Disneyland...

You guys rock!!

JJ Tempe AZ
Ok so I am on vacation and generally love to try the local hot spots.  But we decided to come to Chillis.  After all I did want ribs.  Our service was pretty good.  He recomened a few late night hot spots and brought me a great local beer.  Devil ale I belive. A great hoppy little beer.  The ribs were.. well they are what you come to expect.  

Chillis has great queso dip and friendly emplpyees
 it was a good choice.
One of the better Chili's I've been to.  Both the food and service were good and no one in our large group had any complaints.  I recommend the Crispy Chicken Tacos.
The chilis on mill is always better its downtown tempe right next to asu so crowded is expected. However the service here is so slow we saw our server like twice and we were there for nearly two hours. The food is decent like any other chilis bit man they need to work on their spred.
It was not so much a good idea to have rush lunch time in this restaurant cause I wait longer than I should and completely run out time for lunch. I ordered sirloin steak and asked them for meat with more fat since I love juicy steak, and the waitress said they don't have it and offered me rib eye. The rib eye was thin and really salty. They put too much butter and salt on one side and it makes me having a hard time to eat the steak. The great thing about this place was their Texas fries with bacon, green onion, jalapeo and cheese. It was so good i can't stop munching it. Overall, it was a good lesson to learn for me to always be prepared for long waiting time for steak in this place on lunch time.
Good place to go for a few drinks and an ok meal. Tvs With the games. Its as standard as cookie cutter restaurants go. Good female bartender, makes good drinks, by good i mean strong
I have always loved Chili's. Being Texan, I guess chili is almost a genetic necessity.  lol.  As with most Chili's, the service is great. I am very disappointed that the walls are virtually naked. The Chili's I am used to going to in Dallas, Texas, have what some would call an over abundance of decor... Pictures from the innumerable Texas Chili Cook-offs, and random fun memorabilia from who knows where, to create a terrific atmosphere. All-in-all, I shall give 3 stars. If they choose to add more, so that it is on par with other Chili's, I shall re-rate this one with 4 stars.
There is a new chicken quesidilla that has breaded chicken in it. The 1st time it was ordered it was burnt and folded very strange. Didn't taste good at all. Second looked better but still had breaded chicken in it. Management did not offer to refund us for 1st ruined item but offered another item like an appetizer for free and then was rude when we commented about the fact that we didn't like the fact the chicken was breaded. Bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit.
I love Chili's! And this place has excellent service. The waiters/waitresses are attentive and really nice when you use coupons. Definitely one of the better Chili's locations I've been to!
It's a chili's. Pure and simple. if you go when everyone else does, it's going to be crappy, if you go at 3pm on a Thursday, it's going to be slow and you're going to get the best service. It all depends and it's just a chili's. Come on now.
Service was slow. Chili's food is bland.
This place was packed on a Saturday night! We sat at the bar area because we did not want to wait for a table. This may have actually ended up taking us longer to get our food. The server was very polite it just seemed he had too big of a section by himself which ended up resulting in longer wait times to make our order and get refills on drinks. The food was very good and I have no complaints about it I just suggest going on a different night as Saturday dinner at Chilli's is far from a quick bite to eat.
Nothing extraordinary here. Seated our large group outside in the cold when the interior restaurant was empty. Food was decent, same as any other in this chain.
If you just need a quick lunch it's probably okay to go here, but NEVER go here at 3pm-4pm. There will be no one to seat you. And worse, i forgot my credit card and the server doesnt even know.. Drove 30mins to go back here and forgot to bring ID so they got to asked all sort of questions. The food is okay, but the server wont refill you until you ask.
Not usually a huge fan of places like this, but this location is a good lunch spot. I always sit at the bar where they have a ton of TVs, and the service is prompt. I can typically be in and out in 40 minutes, which isn't bad for a full service restaurant. 

They have great chips and salsa, pretty good burgers, and my personal favorite: honey chipotle chicken crispers...Long name, but a tasty lunch food.

They have good lunch deals and combos, and some good dinner stuff, and a good happy hour. I don't think I'd be quick to come here for a dinner date, and since it's a chain, for better or worse you know what you're getting each time. That said, for a quick lunch during the week it's a good option.
In this case I ordered take out and I knew what I wanted because I've ordered it before, which was the regular burger with a black bean burger instead of the meat. I knew I loved it before and I was hoping it was going to be the same as last. That was not the case, this one tasted a bit more mexican-y, which means the seasoning added it caused it to taste different and it had a salsa taste to it. I didn't like it at all. I wish it had been like the one I had before.

The inside is really nice, I will give it that. All the waitress are very typical college girls. I think that Chili's should have a different attire because all the girls wore was jeans and a Chili's t-shirt, I think it would be more down to earth if they gave them a little freedom and dressed how they'd like (keep in mind I don't mean get out of control and dress slutty for more tips) it was just boring what they were wearing.

The girl that dealt with my order was nice at first and then she realized I was paying with cash not card, which means she thought I wasn't going to tip her and her attitude changed completely. So that lead me to not give her a tip, I always tip those that deal with the take-out orders because I used to do it at a Restaurant too and it sucked that people didn't realize I did as much work if not more as all the other servers, yet I was tipped nothing. If only she didn't act that way.
The first server we had was horrible, just kept complaining. But our second server was awesome. Great menu choices too.
Obviously not many veggie options, but you KNEW this!  I don't expect much from Chili's (haven't been to one in about 5 years), but surprisingly the Avocado Bean Burger is REALLY good!  My friend's Santa Fe Chicken Salad was TINY and my friend's Crispy Chicken Taco looked yummy, she loved it!  Service was a little disjointed, but friendly server nonetheless.
I haven't been to a Chili's in a long time so while roadtripping it through Tempe with a friend, it seemed like a logical choice.  I've always been pleased by past experiences at the ones near home so I was curious whether or not I would have the same experience here.

I did. My friend and I got there pretty late so it wasn't terribly busy. We were immediately seated and our server was there in no time.  I ordered a Blue Moon and a chicken salad.  The beer came out almost immediately and the wait for the food wasn't long at all.  Our server checked in frequently and was always friendly.

Even though I've been to quite a few Chili's, this place did slightly exceed my expectations. I guess that's what happens when you take a break for awhile.  Either way, this is a good location in my opinion.
College crowd obviously, but I needed to mention that the sampler appetizer platter is a complete ripoff at $10.79. You get three items, but hardly any of each. Four mozzarella sticks, a few lousy boneless wings and they sliced the avocoda egg rolls in half, maiking it appear that you got more. As a matter of fact, there more sauces than food items on the plate and those were the thing that had leftovers. No late night happy hour like most other Chili's either. It was good to have blue moon on tap since last night was the rare "Blue Moon". My version of a double double.
My guilty pleasure go-to place for junk food when I am having a shit week or after a big test. Sure it is a chain but that means consistency. Don't expect Wolfgang Puck flair when you just need a quick and easy bite. The location is super-convenient for students and for those who work on Mill.
Bar service very slow. Only college games on, but food was good.
I was so pleased with the service that we received on a recent visit to Chili's.  

We often go get an afternoon snack of appetizers when we're out and about.  Hands down, one of our new favorite places to go is Chili's for their bottomless chips and salsa.  Order a couple of drinks and we're set for an afternoon snack.  Server was so friendly!  Honestly, it's been a while since we've had such great customer service!  He was all smiles while he brought us basket after basket of chips.  We actually joked about feeling bad that it was so cheap and that we ate so many chips.  His response, "I'll bring you as many baskets of chips as you want!  That's what I'm here for!"  

Oh, and the chips and salsa are so good!  Totally unexpected for a large chain restaurant.  Fresh chips made in house and yummy salsa......it's actually kind of pathetic that we thought that the salsa was better than what is served in MANY of the Mexian food restaurants around town.  Salsa should never be an afterthougt.....

Thanks for surprising us Chili's!
Overall a very comfortable and relaxing experience!  Love the different types of food and alcohol drink choices.  Have gone a number of times to Chili's and always seems to be pretty consistent with the food and service, which is hard to find these days. Love the Bottomless Chips and Salsa and Presidente Margarita
I was surprised, the food was actually pretty good! The service was ok, not  superb, but definitely not horrible. Our waiter said he wouldn't charge us extra for Mac-and-Chesse...and he did. Besides that, not really any complaints. It did feel a little crammed in there. Maybe they tried to squeeze as many booths and tables into as small a place as possible? Who knows. Chips and salsa were to die for. Very tasty. All in all, a good meal for an ok price.
Dry microwaved chicken. Bad service. Not impressed
Used a free coupon for the email club members to try a new flatbread which was an $8.99 value. Not sure I made the best choice of the three new varieties, but it sounded good on the menu. My choice was the chipotle version which was way oversauced/doused with chipotle sauce. The spice rubbed chicken that dotted the fairly large appetizer was the highlight and ended up picking off most of that good protein. Alot going on with salsa fresca, cheese and other stuff dumped on top, but the crust was too soggy to hold everything up, so you needed to use knife and fork. It all didn't work really well, so the California version would have been the better choice. Still, nice of Chili's to give us a freebie finally unlike their usual buy entree, get something free deals. Bartender was nice and USA today was available for my reading pleasure and free refills. Dish wasn't spicy either and less sauce and well done would have made this version better.
I love Chili's having worked there for about 4 years in a past life, I grew accustomed to their menu, and Brownie Sundae!  of which is the absolute Bomb.  I think Chili's has some really good food for a chain restaurant.  Snazzed up the Chicken Sandwich the last time around.  Super good.  The Chicken Nachos are awesome as well.  Fajita's rock.  What is there not to like.
Had an incident while we were there but not a big deal. Informed the manager and he handled the situation very well. Definitley appreciated and would come back to this location.
Chili's is a great place not only for a quick meal and hang time with friends, but especially for the days when your wallet is light. Everything on the menu is delicious and simple. The best times I've had there are the times when I was hanging out with a friend or two and catching up.  Yeah, you can do that almost anywhere.  But Chili's invite it right away.  And it's open till midnight.  Chili's is a great place to chill.
Queso dip is media oker. Cheese cake is good, the trio is good.
Took 20 min to get our drinks and an other 50 min to get our salads. Yes 50 min for 2 salads. On top of that our server was avoiding us the entire time.No bueno. The manager did come by to apologize, which I really appreciate but didn't make up for the terrible service. As for the food..a salad is a salad. Wasn't bad wasn't anything special.
This location is always very consistent in service and food
I think it is also one of the busier locations simply because it is basically on ASU Main Campus
Parking is usually available even on the weekends
The Southwestern Eggrolls are yumzo!
Chilis is great in changing up their menus and adding new things in a great timely manner
They also have all the classics and things that people love
I like the burgers 
The sizzlin fajitas are great too
The drinks are very good each time

The great thing about this location is that you can have dinner and once you're done with that, you can take a stroll north up Mill ave for fun
The server we had was great, but the food took way too long, and was borderline inedible. My salad, the Quesadilla Explosion, was so disgusting looking when it arrived I couldn't even eat a bite. It was soaked in dressing, and the "spring mix" was 90% large chunks of white ice burg lettuce, the quesadilla pieces with it were cold and hard, the "grilled" chicken looked processed and like it came right out of a package, and it overall just looked nothing like what the menu described. The veggies in my dinner mate's fajitas were way overcooked to the point where they were just oily & slimy. Having worked in the restaurant business for many years, I hate complaining, but also have certain expectations, and neither of our dishes should have made it out to our table. Like I said the server was gracious and friendly, but there wasn't much she could do if that's just the food quality standard at that store. Blech. I'll never eat at this one again, and I've always loved Chili's too, especially their salads. =/
Had dinner with the girls before our Evita engagement at the ASU Gammage. We only had about 45 minutes until the show starts. They got us in and out really fast, this is when they were busy! Wife and I shared their triple platter, came with burger sliders, potato wedges, and their chipotle boneless wings. Very good! Glad we opt to eat here, their crew were very courteous, and knew we had a time limit and got us out!
Pretty good spot for drink specials and to catch the game.. Everybody nice there.. No complaints
Staff can be slow and inattentive if you just come in by yourself. As always, food is cheap comfort food so if you're in the mood for that, you really can't complain.
How can there be no reviews for this location? Every time I eat here (1-2 times a week working grave shift), the food is always fresh. The employees are very nice in the drive through, and say more than just the usual "Hi how are you". I have not once received bad food or bad service from this location. Tonight, I went through the drive through and the employee was talking to me about funny customers, and to not worry about ordering late, or even right before they close due to the grill taking so long to cool down before they can clean it. How cool is that? Someone that actually takes care of customers. I know they do not get paid a lot working there, but wow they sure act like they love their job. The girl who handed me my food let me know that she made sure to put napkins in the bag, along with a spork. Not only did she make sure it was in there, but she called it by the right name as well. I would give her 5 starts alone just for that awesomeness.

Some Taco Bell locations can be hit or miss due to the quality of their food, but this location is great. Don't pass up this one.
Great Taco Bell location overall. Typical Taco Bell food you would expect, always hot and delicious. It's the staff that makes this location though. I'm lucky to live within walking distance, but I would go out of my way to come here if I was heading for the Bell. They were out of a flavor of one of the Limeade Sparklers, and the employee was kind enough to upgrade my size for free as an apology. Great service, employees are always fast and friendly and go out of their way to take care of you. What more can you ask for from a Taco Bell?!
For fast food, quality service, polite staff, clean location  -you are at the right place.
Great service and food is always fresh. The person working the drive-up is always loud and clear and easy to hear. Always has a smile on their face and is polite. Rarely ever have I gone there and had them make a mistake on the order or leave an item out. This Taco Bell location is always clean on both the inside and out and well maintained. Their outside menu displays the items bold and legible so you can see what they offer and get a good description of it.
Foods always good :) who doesn't live some  Taco Bell at 130 am lol.. Just make sure to check the bag. They forget small things sometimes. Over all good team over there. Highly recommend the cinnamon deserts
I love Taco Bell and am know for it (sadly). 

After recently becoming a Pescetarian, I have been able to keep my obsession going because they replace meat with beans in everything I want!

After going a whole 2 months with eating no meat (which I'm very proud of), taking a bite and realizing I had eaten some made me sick to my stomach. 

This upset me very much! Be a little more careful next time? Thanks.
I have minimal expectations for this chain and they have been met. I have had to return to the restaurant many times after leaving the drive through to get my order fixed.  That would have to be my biggest complaint. On a positive note, the inside and outside of the building  is normally clean and tidy. They have always gotten my food out fast, which normally would be a plus if I didn't have to go back to get the order fixed. This location has a prime location due to the fact they have no competing venues with in miles of them.
Only been here once. Had a small order so there should have not been any problems. Place is very clean, and kept up. Crew was very nice.
Eating in is ok!

going through the drive through....WRONG EVERY TIME!!  

Clean place nice folks....just don't drive through. LOL
I like this location. Never had an issue. The staff are young but have always been pleasant. The food has always been good and the place is clean as a taco bell can be. :)
Not bad for Taco Bell pretty fast.  Its probably the fastest drive thru in town when you in a rush. They even ran me down when they forgot to put my Empanada in the bag. The prices just need to go down on some items.
You know how you go to a place for the first time and its totally awesome.. then you go back sometime later and the experience is not as good then the first.. thats Rio Mirage in El Mirage, AZ.

The first time we stopped in this place was awesome! They had the yummiest rice and beans.. as well as very good chimi's enchiladas etc.. but since the first time we've been there it just hasn't been as good.. the rice dry and greasy.. the beans, run of the mill.. food being burnt and greasy, greasy, greasy.. spotty service and in my opinion sub par ingredients make this place now an avoid.. what a shame too since they had so much going for them. Very disappointing.
While I don't think there is a river or a mirage anywhere near this place, there does always seem to a large puddle of water in the parking lot. At least I think there is, unless, it's a mirage. Hmmm...What isn't a mirage is a restaurant full of local Latino families and a sea of blue haired, varicose veined, AARP folks from Sun City. I should know. Cuz my Sun City living mom and dad love Rio Mirage. This is where me and mom let loose and bond over a couple margs. While dad sips his ice tea and flirts with the waitress. I've had good luck ordering the same thing here. Carne Asada with beans and tortillas. I kinda put the steak in the tortilla, roll it up with some fixins. Chew. Smile. Chug more margarita. Mom loves the grilled quesadilla and dad's finicky ordering style is accommodated with "ground beef tacos. Hard. Nothing fancy." We always get great service and I love the local vibe. And the margarita buzz gets me through an entire game of bridge with Big Daddy and Momma Jo!
A local favorite around here. This was one of the first places we ate at when we moved into the neighborhood. The food is tasty with a very large selection of items. Their pricing seems to be in par with mainstream mexican food restaurants even though you would expect it to be cheaper as it appears to be more of a "mom and pop" kind of place. 

They have a small cantina where you can come and sit down in and enjoy a very cheap but very tasty margarita. They even have $.99 margs on mondays. 

We've come back multiple times and each time have had a pleasant experience each time. The best part, it's practically walking distance.
My family & I have been coming here for almost 5 years. We've never had a bad experience. Discount Margarita nights are the best & my kids love the Mariachi band on the weekends. They opened a new one in Surprise, but it's not the same. The original is the best . If your on the fence to try it or not, give it a chance you won't be disappointed!!
My husband and I have been coming here for about 7 years.  The food is always great, and we love their .99 margaritas on Mondays.  The staff is also very friendly.  The atmosphere is great, and we always bring our out-of-town guests here, for some good authentic Mexican food you can't find other places!  They've opened a second location in Surprise, but I'm in agreement with many other Yelpers in saying that this original location is much better!
Half-priced margaritas on Saturdays? WOO HOO! 

We've taken our family here for dinner, maybe 10-12 times over the past 9 years. That doesn't really represent how much we like the food; we're just usually shuttling around other parts of town. 

So here's what to like: 
1. Consistently good Mexican food. From their standard combos to the chef's selections, everything we've tried on the menu has been really good. Yum! 
2. Chips & salsa until the cows come home. And it's really fresh salsa with super-tasty, hot chips in a bottomless bowl. Yum! 
3. Fresh tortillas, hot off the press. You can even buy a dozen for about $4... it seems pricey until you taste 'em. Yum! 
4. My little chitlins actually eat the rice and beans here. Nowhere else. Weird, eh? 
5. Did I mention half-priced margaritas... on SATURDAY?? We got their jumbo-sized house margaritas for $4. Even better, the bartender did not have a light hand. The worst part was deciding who got to drink, and who had to stay sober to drive... lol 
6. VERY reasonably priced. Dinner for five, with alcohol, was under $70, including tip... AND we had leftovers. 
7. Their whole menu is available to-go. Score! 
8. Friendly, efficient staff. I've never had to wonder where our meals, drinks or bill were, and everyone is smiling and courteous. BIG plus in my book. 
9. Mariachi music... ole! 

Not so great: 
1. Yeah. It's right by Sun City, which means a lot of golden oldies. More power to them, though, as they appear to lap up those margaritas like water. Just wish they weren't driving after... :/
2. The parking lot ain't great. This place can fill up, making parking only possible across the road... next to the railroad tracks. Meh. 

So based on my scientific analysis above, this place is a good value for a great, casual Mexican dining experience. Great spot to hit, on the way to/from the lake or Vegas, or if you're a local!
I am going to have to echo Alexander C's review about the variability in the quality here.  I have always thought of Rio Mirage as the best of the best for authentic Mexican food, but honestly my last time was not so great.  I am going to try again though since I realize any restaurant can have an off day.  Hoping for better next time.

My last visit I got it take-out.  Food was overly greasy, so much so I could not tolerate it.  Beans were good, but rice was not so tasty.

There is another Rio Mirage off of Bell Rd that is newer and is good, so may end up having to "switch" to that one.
One of those places that  you go one time and the food is great, you go the next time and it was so-so.
Only came in to pick up some of their homemade tortillas. One word, meal. I could eat an entire dozen just for dinner. Add a margarita and I'm done. Gotta try those tortillas!
I'm reluctant to post this review because I'd hate to see this place get too popular.  It's perfect the way it is.  We ate here again last night - that makes three or four times for me and several more for others in my family.  It is outstanding and the prices are very reasonable.  I always order the fish tacos (delicious but messy) - other popular entrees in my family include the carne asada and el bombero (also beef).  The margaritas are also wonderful (and enormous).  Highly recommend this place, but sure hope it stays the way it is.
2 stars for the food, +1 star for the ambiance & service :) 

Having said that, they put cheese on EVERYTHING.... luckily they didn't douse the drinks, lol! 
I don't know, when it comes to real Mexican food, I'm a purist :)
If you're going to put cheese on something then let it be an authentic Mexican cheese! I don't like my food smothered in Jack, American or any other Velveta like substance :(  Now, I'm sure that if you ask for no cheese they will oblige! Learn from my mistakes :) 

The machaca I salvaged from beneath the layer of cheese was good.
 
I did not want the rice & beans (don't judge me) so the waiter asked if I wanted a salad instead. I said YES, & could it have avocados? Oh yeah! 
I did get my salad. Iceberg lettuce, little tomato & about 3 slices of avocado. I ate the avocado & when my bill came realized that although I did not get rice & beans my meal was priced the same AND I was charged extra for the avocado. I paid it, but I don't think I'll do that again. 

I did not have any alcoholic beverages, just coffee, & that was not great either.
The food is great, shrimp cocktails have an authentic flavor. The shredded beef tacos are my favorite. Fresh tortillas are a must! Would have given more stars but the wait staff is inconsistent, the food is with it though.
We love coming to Rio Mirage when we are on the west side.  We have come in several times with a group of 8+ and everytime we are accomodated quickly and with execellent service!

The food is always amazing and had never disappointed.  Two people at our table tried the Bonitarita and the Margarita..wow...the Bonitarita knocked it out of the park.  It is a great margarita...it is a little more expensive but worth every penny!!

We also ordered fajitas (two of us split the order), I was so impressed with the number of shrimp and veggies in the order, but a little disappointed they only gave 2 tortillas.
I love this place! The food is great and feels like your eating authentic Mexican food not like Chipotle! I prefer the El Mirage location over the Surprise location because of its authenticy and the fact that its the original! If you go try the El Rico burrito in beef or chicken, or half and half you won't be disappointed! Only drawback is it that during our cooler Arizona months its packed with snowbirds!
This place is a good lunch break spot if you are on your lunch break and have an entire hour to spare. The service seems to always be great, but it can get pretty crowded during lunch. 
If you are in Surprise and have a more authentic Mexican food craving and alternative to Chipotle and Caramba's where you can sit down, kick back and have a few margaritas, then this place is your choice. 

The tacos and lunch enchilada specials can never be beat during lunch. When you order the fish tacos or enchiladas del mar (with shrimp), the soft taco shells are soft and oily versus just regular soft flaky corn tortillas or crunchy type tortillas. I just end up eating the inside of the taco, so it's a bit rich for my taste to eat the oiliness. Don't get me wrong, I know that when I'm eating Mexican, it's not necessarily going to be healthy, but it gets overwhleming when you have 2 layer soggy taco shells to eat per taco so it doesn't fall apart on you. 

Chimichangas are pretty good here. Again, not really the typically true Mexican fare, but they satiate the craving for crunchy friedness filled with shredded beef or chicken goodness. Overall, this place is "A-OK" in my book, but nothing overally spectacular.
My fiance and I so happened to stumble upon this place amongst Grand Avenue and residential homes. The parking lot was so full and the streets were crowded, but we are young so we decided to do the Arizona thing and romp in the dirt to park.

We arrived with friendly faces, the bartender was a lovely lady with a great sense of humor and good taste for margaritas! Our server was excellent and was a great conversationalist without being up in our faces. The restaurant was crowded with blue haired couples on the night out in the town with margaritas and smiles on their faces. 

We ordered too much food, but glad we did so we could have left overs. The margaritas were yummy and they hit the spot. You have a choice of small, medium, and large...I say go with the large! 

We ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was good, but I probably won't order it again. Then we had the posole (pozole) which was to die for! They make it with beef...which I am not use to but...wow..what a great soup. I am a menudo fan so for those of you who cannot stomach menudo (pun intended) then try their posole. Plus, the soup comes with tortillas that are homemade and they are the best tortillas that I have had in Arizona!! My great-aunt might have to do a tortilla off with this place! 

Then we topped our meal with enchiladas del mar with imitation crab meat. It was tasteful, but I think I will come again and try something else. In the end we loved the service, the mariachi band, and the food and drinks are not stained with chain restaurant after taste but seemed to be made from the heart.
Rio Mirage in El Mirage has gotten kind of blah. The food used to be spicer, more flavorful, just had some pop to it. The service has been meh as well the last few visits. This most recent visit, he never came to check on us nor did we get a single refill. I hope that they will take this to heart as a long time El Mirage resident who has been a regular customer that they should NOT tone down the flavor of the food to satisfy the old-sters who only come for a few months out of the year. If you are wondering why your place isn't as packed when those folks go home--now you know why!
While looking for an old favorite Mexican restaurant we couldn't find, we stumbled upon Rio Mirage.  It was very busy, which is always a good sign.  We were not disappointed.  The food was very good but a tad bit pricey.  There weren't enough a la carte items.  However, the four of us all enjoyed our food.  We also went to the Rio Mirage in Sun City West, but for some reason the one in El Mirage seemed to be better and tastier.
I believe this might be the best Mexican food I have had in Phoenix.  

To start, be ready for a possible walk....because their parking lot sucks!  haha  It's just too small.  I often have to park in the dirt lot across the street by the train tracks.  However....once you are inside, it is wonderful!  The place is well-kept and clean.  Atmosphere is great.  All of the staff are friendly, and the Managers are usually running around helping out and just chatting with the customers.  

The food is Awesome!  I have been several times now with friends and family, and have tried many of their dishes.  My personal favorite is their specialty burrito - the El Rico!  Great mix of ingredients and spices.  

If you get a chance, stop in.  You won't regret it!
We love the food . Going there for years the food just gets better.
This is the best mexican food I have ever eaten! Everything was fresh and so tasty! The service was great too! I just moved to Arizona a couple of months ago and this restaurant is by far in the top 5 of my new favorite places to eat. I practically cleaned my plate. I ordered the cheese crisps for the appetizer. So yummy! I also got the enchiladas del mar and it was so flavorful! I would highly recommend this place. I know you won't be disappointed.
Brunch food is cold, didn't get drinks refilled once. But the homemade tortillas are soooo good!!! As are the churros... Not having drink specials for brunch probably won't bei g me back to this place...
Great food and nice servers, but extremely slow! It is slow every time, but we come back for the food, it's great!
Home made tortillas !
I have come here every time I've gone to Arizona. So when my grandma recommended we go here for authentic Mexican food and margarita's I was super stoked.

Sadly this place blew it on every level. When we came in we were told it was a 5 minute wait. Instead we waited 15 minutes. I didn't really care because I was hungry. We were finally sat down and I realized it was so hot in the restaurant that I started sweating.  But I was so excited for the food that I looked past this.

Finally the waitress came. She recognized my grandma and remembered her order. And took it. So then it came my turn to order so I tried to order my food and drinks. The waitress literally told me that she would not take my food order. I was super confused because she took my alcohol order but wouldn't give me food. I ended up getting a jumbo margarita on the rocks. So when the drinks came out everyone else got their drinks except me. I told the manager he questioned my age and then tried to card me again. So I ended up getting carded twice for a drink that took me 15 minutes to get!

While we were waiting for our drinks and food I realized it literally took 30 minutes for them to clear a table. I don't know if they were short staffed or just did not care but the restaurant was messy and the staff was super rude.

By this time I was starving, sweaty, and drunk before she even decided to take my order. This waitress what the rudest person I have ever met! I ended up ordering the enchiladas del mas. Which was a seafood enchilada. In the past they were amazing. But this time it took 30 minutes to get my food. The tortillas were stale and tasted like cardboard. The fish and seafood were rubbery and the only thing that was good was the refried beans and rice. Seriously though, how hard is refried beans and rice. You can't mess that up!!! 

By the end of the night I was drunk, sweaty and hungry. his was possibly the worst service I have ever gotten in my life. I have never gotten disrespected so much in a place I was a patron.

If my family hadn't gotten good service here and good food and drinks I would have complained to the manager. But since I was the only one who had an inedible meal I just left. You could not pay me to come back here. And I'm making it a point to tell the people of yelp about the horrible service I received here. DO NOT COME HERE.
Updated this review to reflect our latest experience with Rio Mirage.  Simply the best comes to mind.  A perfect dining experience!  Thank you Rio Mirage!
We have been coming to Rio Mirage (the original location in El Mirage) for years.  The food here is really good and we've always had great service.  The service gets a little slow on Margarita Monday, but that is expected.
Great food and very authentic. Service was good and quick.

Ask for the hot sauce but beware it has a little kick to it.
Soooo great place! Real Mexican food! Do not go to the same place on Bell. Service there rude! This place is amazing & relaxing!!!! 10 stars!!!
This place is great! The staff is super friendly and the food is delicious! You can get three sizes of margaritas (if that's your thing), sometimes for half off or for $1. My parents, boyfriend, and I went after a day out in the sun at the botanical gardens and shared a plate of nachos supreme along with a few beers. Yummy!! For $11 the nachos were more than enough for the four of us. I like how they put enchilada sauce on them. They were very accommodating putting the meat on the side and adding beans on top instead. Our waiter was really nice and made sure we had everything we needed. The front of the restaurant smelled a bit strong of cleaning products, but hey, at least I knew it was clean :) Oh, and if you want to sit on the patio, be ready to listen to the train that passes right by the place.
Yeah, I know what you're thinking... "this guy leaves a lot of 5 star reviews"... Damn right I do!!  Because the places I choose are either based off Yelp or word of mouth recommendations.

Anyways, back to the review... When we visit my parents in Surprise we usually hit up Macayos... that day is done!  My wife and I agreed that Rio Mirage is added to our Phoenix Bucket List (along with In N Out and Don Pancho's).  Their food was fantastic!  I also tried their habenero salsa and it melted my face off, I had to slam 3 frozen margs till I got the sensation back in my head.  Well done Rio Mirage!  Our server rocked and as I looked around their authentic atmosphere everyone working there was busting their asses off!!  It was great to see.   My burrito was muy grande and bursting with deliciousness! 

I can't wait to come back for more!
Went in this past Sunday about 10:30. We were seated promptly by a very friendly and open Manager. Our server came quickly to take our drink orders. He was not overtly friendly or chatty, but polite and thorough. The food came quickly. I ordered the Ensenada Fish Tacos which were MASSIVE and DEVINE!! My plate also came with Beans (topped with cheese) and rice, and a side of chopped lettuce and diced tomatoes. My kids ordered a side of beans and rice which tasted fresh and which they rated as AWESOME. My husband ordered the Chicken Nachos and they were HUGE!! He said he was starving going in, but was only able to finish off half of his plate (even with some help from our 6 year old). Our food was fantastic. The chips and salsa were so good that we ordered a bag of chips and a Quart of Salsa to go! Our server came several times during the meal checking on the levels of our drinks, and refilled quickly, but wasn't so overtly chatty or buggy that he interrupted our meal or conversation. I would DEFINITELY go back again. I was happy with the food and service. 

** I have also had their catered Platters which are kind of pricey, but HEAVENLY!! They serve mini tacos, mini chimis and mini taquitos, with sides of sour cream, salsa and guacamole and a bag of chips. SO GOOD!
The only reason why I did not rate as 5 stars was the very slow end service. It took 20 minutes for the waiter to pick up the payment and cash us out. Otherwise the food was great! I will be returning.
The chips and salsa were fresh, and they kept them coming without us ever having to ask for more.  I had the lunch special, Chile Relleno, with refried beans and rice, and all three items were fresh.  Can't ask for much better in Mexican food.....will definitely return again!
We went at the height of the dinner rush on Friday.  We wanted something different outside of Surprise and this was just what we were looking for.  The place was packed.  Lots of retirees and locals it appeared.  I would give the Rio Mirage (3.5)  4 Stars overall since there is not an option for halves.   

Ambience: 4 stars!  The  Rio Mirage was a nice old school mexican restaurant with plenty of seating.  Very well kept and clean. I also noticed that there was patio seating which looked comfy.  I would like to sit out there next time on a nice night.   We also loved the roaming mariachi band.  That was a nice touch and the kids loved them.  Lastly,  another note...when and if you try this place, you may expect to wait to be seated, but rest assured you won't go thirsty.  The bartender is stationed right next the entrance and the margaritas are pretty tasty.  I upgraded to the ulitmate, to get a splash of grand marnier.  3 stars on the margaritas.

Food: I give the food 4 stars.   My wife ordered the fish tacos, which looked great. Fried white fish and shredded cabbage on a corn tortilla.  She gave them 2 thumbs up.   The kids had the "Kid's Taco" meal,  which came with a choice of beans.  They devored most of thier meals.  Their tacos were fried with shredded beef, lettuce & tomatoes.    I had the El Bombero Picado.  Strips of asada steak, covered in a green sauce with sauted peppers and onions.   It was real tasty, but was not as spicy as the menu was leading on.   However, real good.  My meal came with rice and beans on the side and a choice of tortillas.  I chose the "homemade" flour tortillas, 2 large tortillas (equivalent to 4 regular sized).  They were awesome.   My meal was great, I would just make a note to have them exclude the melted cheese on my beans next time.  It was a little "overkill" , but not a dealbreaker.  I just scraped the cheese off and it they were set.  The rice was nice and fluffy,  real subtle, with a great flavor.


Service: 2 stars.  I am giving our server the benefit of the doubt, SIMPLY because she was very friendly and helpful when we did get her attention.   She just seemed very overwhelmed and maybe she was having an "off night", which may likely led her to forget my tortillas after asking her twice.  Lol!  Once I get the "homemade" tortillas...muy bien as mentioned above.  Everyone else seemed to be getting served promptly and had smiles on their faces, which was a plus.  

Overall,  I would recommend this place.  It is worth your time to try.  Remember,  avoid the rush and tell them to hold the cheese on the beans!  Good luck!
Delicious. We arrived at 5:00 on a Wednesday and it was packed. They were out of the yummy looking drinks they advertised and it took awhile to get served but the chips are hot and fresh and once we ordered, it was fast.  The food was yummy and the mango margarita was delicious.
This is the good location. Awesome food. Friendly & warm atmosphere. They have a mariachi band!!! made me smile. :-):-):-)
Loved everything. The salsa , the beans, the service, the ambiance, the food, the portions. I tend to be a bit picky about Mexican food.  The parking lot was packed when we arrived at 8 pm and it's an odd location. I finally found a restaurant I'll go back to time and again.
A mixed crowd from Surprise & Sun City. Crowded but quick, efficient service.  Everybody loved their food... Guacamole was fresh and very good. The chicken & spinach enchiladas were yummy!!!! 

I would definitely come back if in the area and might even drive from the other side of town for the incredibly delicious specialty Watermelon margarita drink (can't remember what it was called).

I think the guac and the enchiladas were described as "spicy" - I did ask the server about it as I'm a whimp and neither were spicy... So not sure if he adjusted or if you should order extra spicy if that's how you prefer it. Parking lot is tiny and you have to back out if it's full... Unless you can see that there is a spot, I'd just park along the street/railroad tracks.  

Charming patio... Wish this was in my neighborhood...
We stopped by the day before Cinco de Mayo to get our fix and we were pleasantly surprised at what this place had to offer. The pitcher of margaritas hit the spot. My daughter loved her kids meal. The only reason I can't give it five stars is that we had to wait forever for the check.
First time at the original location. 
Love the restaurant. Classic Mexican food. I ordered a shrimp burrito and it was outstanding! Their rice and beans are exceptionally good as well! 
I also ordered a sangria. Different than what I was expecting-they add orange juice to the wine-but good and refreshing nonetheless! 
Will definitely be back!
We ordered the buffet, the food was not very good and almost cold. The waiter we had did not say a word to us after taking our drink order, overall I'd say to avoid the buffet it, it was a waste of money.
Always delicious food and great service.The atmosphere is so cozy and homey.Some times the owner comes by and asks us how everything is.Nice personal touch.
I go to this Taco Bell when I am wanting something not to filling and inexpensive. I also go to this Taco Bell because of the people that work there. Several times they have suggested I order a special item that gave me more for less money. How many times do you get someone that is looking our for how much you spend today. I have eaten at different Taco Bells for years but this is the only place I have ever gotten the great customer service they offer.
I went to this taco bell one day to get the D-Back's special, but they refused to change the crunchy tacos in to soft tacos.  All last year they did this so what makes this year any different?
On Nov 2, 2013 hubby and I went thru the drive thru about 9pm.  Had to repeat my order twice.  The order taker was snippy and rude.  Got to the window received our order pulled away 1 foot hubby said wrong order.  The person behind me  had not pulled forward.   I was able to back up and I said to the open window we received the wrong order and the lady said loudly, snippy and rude ya I know here's you order and I won't charge ya the difference.  OMG I would have paid the difference for nicer service that's for sure.  Her name began with an M and she had dark hair and major attitude....  she definitely need to go thru customer service training.
Been coming here since i was 7 and im about to be 29. Theyve hardly ever messed up my order- I cant even think of once actually. Melanie is best in the drive thru, shes always really friendly and sweet.. must not be an az native! =)  Ive seen her like triple check my bag before- so shes really thurough. I usually dont go in to eat- havent in years since it was the go to munchie place when i was a teen. So I cant really comment on inside...but the drive thru has never been an issue - that and the food is consistent and good!
Always gets my order right and is always fast about ans verg good customer service thanks guys
As good as it gets for a Taco Hell... The cashier, Lani, who served us even knew how to do basic math in her head!!!  

It's really sad when you are impressed that a cashier can do this at a fast food place, but good for Lani for not following the register and giving my friend $206,000 when the register created an error for itself. :)  She didn't even pull out a calculator. :)

But that would have been a great win on the way to Vegas.

Lani was friendly and took control of it all with a smile. :)  It was great... she said, "It's fast food, not rocket science". 

I had to die laughing when I heard that one. :)

Bathroom was clean and everything was well stocked.
Everyone knows about the good food.

This one had good management as well
Ok...it's Taco Bell...you know what to expect, but this location had great service, a wonderful drink selection (Manzanita Sol!), fresh food...left happy.
Nice, clean restaurant that always gets my order right.  Thats important when dealing with the typical teen-age employee who has a hard time remembering his own name, let alone an order for food he/she has been trained to prepare.  The only creepy thing was there was an actual he/she working the drive-thru window.  I'm pretty sure it was a dude in full chick make-up.  At least he/she got my order right.
The Six-Shrimp Taco meal came with a total of 10 shrimp. 

Every order before me (5) and every order after mine (3) was wrong, except for one. 

They fixed the mistakes on multiple of the wrong orders, but this is not a "good" Taco bell, though it was clean.
Den the manager is awesome, I get a free Nacho bell grande and Mexican pizza next visit since they forgot my pizza and my receipt.
I worked all day with nothing to eat. I passed by this Taco Bell and decided to stop in for a quick bite. 
I ordered a "Doritos Los Tacos Supreme". This has to be the best invention at Taco Bell ever! It was delicious. 
The store was clean and the cashier friendly. I didn't visit the bathroom.
I see they have a "Big Box Deal" that the cashier says changes each month.  This month it included the Doritos Taco and other goodies. I wasn't able to eat a big meal knowing I was going out to dinner in a couple hours or I would have tried that.
Hey, it is fast food and not "real" Mexican food but every now and then it really hits the spot!
Good Food, Fast and Staff is amazing considering its location
I have been here several times and I think they only got my order wrong once or twice. Sometimes they overcook the grillers. I have never tried any of the special gourmet bowls they make at this location though.
Great! Fast! And customer service is outstanding! Never really had a problem
Can never go wrong with a Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell. Staff was extremely friendly and the service was excellent. The Mexican pizzas are incredible as are the Doritos Los tacos. Try the Gordita crunch as well as the cheesy fiesta potatoes. Nachos Belgrade is legit as well. Love this location right on on the corner of jones / tropicana. Quick service and even better customer service. 2 thumbs up. Enjoy
Not too bad for airport food.  Of course its not no full service restaurant but the Enchiladas I had weren't too bad.

The tortillas didn't seem dry and it wasn't drenched with too much sauce.  I was able to eat the entire thing off the plate, but I wasn't too sure if it was because I was feeling slightly buzzed from the drinks I had before we took the cab to the airport.

My friend ordered a chicken quesadilla...Yeah never having that.  It looked like all shreded chicken with no cheese....HMMM delicious NOT.
When you're nursing a hangover and dreading the security lines, this isn't a bad place to go and get mentally prepared for the ensuing chaos.  Located right before you get to any of the security checks.  I had their meat and carb filled Don's skillet, which was chili beans smothered with peppers, eggs, cheese, and potatoes.  It hit the spot and better yet, it killed any temptation to order any of the food on the plane.  Service was quick and pleasant.
Along the way to the security checkpoints, most travelers to McCarran Airport will almost always pass by this little Mexican gem of a restaurant.  Its usually the one with the most people during rush hour and hard to miss with its Texan / Southwest rustic exterior.

Service is usually quick to greet and seat, even though there may be a small wait time of 5-10 minutes.  Seating is vast but the one to two person tables far outweigh the group sized ones, understandably because its a stop for most travelers on the go.

When considering that most airport food is typically bland and overpriced, at least the food here is relatively edible, if not good on a hungry day.  A lot of Tex-Mex goodies are here from enchiladas, flautas, various burritos, quesadilla appetizers and a sauced up juevos rancheros.  Unfortunately, that's about as deep as the menu goes and variety doesn't seem to be their strong point.  Prices can get a little steep when considering a small order of taquitos can run one as much as $9.

In the end, when considering the alternative fast food joints that exist in virtually all major airports, this place is not a bad place to settle for the mid-afternoon meal.  Tex-Mex snobs should stay away or go with the flow here.
The first two times I saw Alejandro's at McCarran Airport, I was in a hurry to catch my flight.  I did notice a line for this place both times, and the aroma was good.  Later in CA, I check Yelp for reviews and they were not stellar for a place that always seemed packed.   Finally, I got enough time to try their food and I have to agree with the lower grade tone of the reviews. It's not as good as it smelled or looked.   I was never served chips and salsa during my whole visit. The fajitas was salty like it was cooked in sea water.  It's sad to say that places like Chili's, Friday's or Applebee's got better fajitas than this place when every from the waitress's and the cooks were immigrant Hispanic.  Only three lousy tortillas came with the order and the steak was tough on the molars.  To make matters worse there was a hair in the salsa.  The whole experience made me wander why this place even had a line of customers the first two times I seen this place because the food was disappointing.  I guess being one of the first restaurants as you entered the airport help create the allure, furthered along by having their open grill aroma seep into the airport walkways.  Not many airport establishments can boast of having an open grill that lets their aroma go into the walkways.   Generally, mall foodcourt quality comes to mind when considering airport eateries.  Skip this place, don't let the aroma or lines of gringo's fool you.  Try the Jose Cuervo Taquilera instead.  They got more refreshing food than this place.  I am deducting another star for having a hair in my salsa, not being served any chips.
Hello, Yelp! I am posting from the McCarran Airport, courtesy of their free wi-fi. My friend's flight got delayed, so after getting my luggage from baggage claim, I wandered upstairs to see what food choices I had. Unfortunately, the food choices are dismal since I can't visit other parts of the airport without going through the security checkpoints. So if you are here, your choices are Starbucks, Big Al's Chicago Deli, and Track Bar and Grill (which had Budweiser emblazoned all over it and has a NASCAR theme going on). I stepped into Don Alejandro's because initially I thought it was a sit down area for the Chicago Deli. However, at that point I had just flown in from BWI and I didn't eat since 11am and it was now 3pm (6pm EST). The restaurant wasn't busy when I arrived, and the place looked clean. There is an issue with their ventilation, as there is a charred (not the good smelling grilled smell but the bad burnt kind) smell that permeated into the dining area during my hour there. 

Staff is quick to greet and seat patrons. They have a limited faux pas Tex-Mex menu. There's taco salad, tacos, enchiladas, etc but there is also burgers, fish 'n chips, caesar salad, and croissant tuna salad. I was fearful of getting the shits from eating the Tex Mex food, so I ordered their Lone Star Burger, which is just a hamburger served with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, and your choice of french fries or cole slaw. This is priced at $8.99. It costs extra for cheese. I also ordered iced tea, which was $2.99. The burger comes out in a basket, and the fixings are separate so if you don't like tomatoes you don't have to pick it out of your burger. It comes with a side of mayo and there's mustard and ketchup at the table. For a well-done burger, it wasn't bad. The fries were really good, too. They're the shoestring fries like McDonald's but fried a bit crispier. My server was very nice and didn't intrude too much. Given the food choices here, it wasn't a bad experience. Not great but not horrible, either.

With tax it came to $12.95 and the receipt has a tip suggestion at the bottom at 15/18/20%. Keep in mind that if you are a party of 8 or greater, an automatic 20% gratuity will be applied to the bill.
The options inside the terminal are much better -- options outside the terminals are terminally mediocre at best.
This is for breakfast only. The lunch looks good. 
I got a Denver omlet. A little pricey at almost $12 for the omlet, biscut and McDonald's type deep fried hash browns. So salty I could only eat a little and leave. 
Won't eat here again for breakfast. Maybe lunch is better.
I wish I had looked this up on yelp!! It's fairly terrible.
I don't typically post reviews on Yelp however this meal was so bad I decided to go out of my way to post a warning to others out there who may be contemplating this restaurant. 

I had a 2 enchilada combo, my husband had a burrito and we also ordered chips, salsa & guacamole with 1 soda. Our total was $32.00 for the meal and we both agreed the food did not taste good nor did it sit right in our stomachs on our flight home. 

While this was a convenient and quick meal spot, I wouldn't recommend eating there if you dont have to.
I suspect anybody who eats here does so because of the limited places to eat outside the security check at the airport.  This was the worst restaurant we have ever eaten at.  The fish and chips consisted of greasy breading that enclosed very small pieces of fish that were overcooked.  Chips were not even French fries much less English chips but potato chips and these were half wet and half stale.  I assume all of them were very stale and that somebody with very wet hands put them on the plate.  It was all inedible.  My wife had a stale tuna croissant.  She also received stale potato chips with half of them wet.  This is a restaurant that can't even serve stale potato chips without making them worse.  Total waste of money and inedible.  Deserves a zero, not a one.
Breakfast is greasy. But, the Chicken Smoker is solid, if not spectacular, airport food.
Don Alejandro's used to barely qualify for a 3-star, A-OK type of place to eat in the McCarran Airport when it was a sit-down place with servers to take your orders.  Looks like sometime in the past year, they have ditched their slow service in favor of a fast-food style ordering system, with the menu printing above the cash register and a drink fountain for your sodas.  On this recent trip there, the food was not good at all, and they also took a long time to figure out how to enter my order at the cash register, after fumbling around with it.  When they finally entered it correclty, they charged me for two orders, and then took another 10 minutes or so to sort it all out.  People in line behind me were very upset.  

My recommendation here is to not touch this place with a ten-foot pole.  It's gone seriously downhill, from a barely acceptable restaurant.  Prices are in the $10 to $12 range for a sandwich, with sub-par fast-food quality.  I would rather just eat at a major fastt-food place.  Avoid at all costs!
Its not quite mexican and not quite Tex Mex. What it is, is cheap quality and ground beef in everything. Terrible lack of flavor, and deep frying galore. Rice and beans are bland, salads are just iceberg chopped lettuce. Vegas airport is yet to add descent food.
How can mess up on an omelette and potatoes?  This place has awful food.  My friends and I were starving and of course turned into the first food place we could find at the airport.  What a bust.  They completely forgot my friend's order, we waited a good while for our food even though there weren't many people in the place and the food was just gross.  

I ordered the denver omelette and it came with some potatoes and a biscuit.  I'm usually a huge fan of biscuits but not these ones.  Everytime I tried to put butter on it, it completely fell apart.  The potatoes had a funky taste and smell to it and the omelette (the most decent part of the meal) was meh.  Not even the huge amounts of tapatio I poured onto it could save it from mediocrity.
MUST to avoid. Confusing system, indifferent service, sloooooow, bland food.
I'm trying to find a way to give less than one star.  If Gordon Ramsey ever ate at this place, he'd take a blow torch to it after firing everybody.  I've had better food in dumpsters....outside Taco Bell.   Seriously, I don't expect fast food at an airport to rival something served on the Iron Chef, but do these people have any pride in what they serve at all?  The employees taking the orders can't follow simple directions (like no cheese), and they aren't in the greatest mood, perhaps because they have to eat the food there.  

Next time I'm at McCarran airport I will look anywhere else.
THIEVES! Do not pay with a credit card here! My co-worker and I ate here one day, and her husband the day before, and ALL THREE of our credit card numbers were stolen and fraudulently used. This restaurant was the only common denominator between the three of us. Unbelievable.
Being my first trip to Vegas and this being my first food experience... Well it can only get better.
Prices are typical 10-13 for a burger and fries, BUT it does not come with a drink. They gouge you $4 for a bottle of water!  Bottled juice is cheaper.
As for the food itself, not great, typical frozen burger patty, seasoned greasy curly fries and crummy veggies to to your burger.  Want a beer?  It'll run you 8 bucks for a bottle of Bud!
Just as the rating prompt says, 'Meh. I've experienced better.'

There isn't a lot of choice for a sit-down meal outside of the terminals at the airport, so I'm guessing that's the only reason why this place gets so much business. The prices were higher than I'd expect too, even if the food were better. 

If you're flying out, I'd recommend trying one of the restaurants near the gates in the terminals. If you're coming in, wait until you get to the city or your hotel and eat something around there. If you're that hungry, this place is no more than a band-aid on a bullet wound. A small band-aid.
We had a long wait at the airport. This was the only available option outside the security gate. So we did try it. The food was ok. I would have given it more stars if it wasn't for the extra $2,70 I was charged for more salsa for my nachos I ordered in addition to the burrito I had. Total damage this day (2 Persons) $32.
I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. It would only be worse if I get explosive diarrhea on the airplane , in which case I might reconsider recommending it to my worst enemy.
This dining experience happened about 5 years ago so its important to keep that in mind when reading this review. As I read the other reviews it looks like nothing has changed. Here is my story: I had some time to kill so I ordered a steak and eggs. I asked for the steak to be cooked medium well. They brought me out a rare, bleeding steak. I asked the waitress if they could fix the issue. The cook, obviously irritated by my request, cooked my steak until it was black, burnt, and tough. I choked down the steak because I was starving. I paid my bill and walked out, never to return again. The place is at a very busy airport so it will always get enough traffic to stay afloat. My advice to any would-be patron is to try and avoid this place at all costs. You are better off getting some fast food or surviving on the peanuts served during your flight.
warning! this place may be tempting for a quick bite, but no! don't come here! i was served a fish and chips that had already turned foul smelling! i ended throwing the entire dish away! what a waste of money!
HORRIBLE....don't go here...Zero stars was not an option so I had to graciously leave 1 star.   The overpriced dried out chicken was the worst food I have ever eaten at a so called Mexican restaurant. No flavor at all..it was like they threw a chicken breast on a grill with onions and pepper cooked it for an hour, cut it up and mixed it with dried out flavorless rice.  AVOID and go elsewhere!!   The best part was leaving the place...
yeah I saw the low reviews. But I also saw baggage handlers eating there. These guys have a tough job and know the airport really well. They wouldn't waste hard earned money on food that was a liability. Like the wise handlers I ordered a breakfast burrito. No meat just egg and cheese. And ya know what I lived to tell the tale. It actually served me well in the travel hell odyssey that followed. I could see how getting fancy would be a mistake. Stick with the grill and you should be fine. Therefore in the court of Yelp vs Don Alejandro's i vote A-OK. *Gavel noise* Dismissed.
While waiting to for an arriving flight I stopped here with my best friend and her 2 year old son. We both ordered burgers. They are pretty steeply priced, mine coming to $14 for the burger and fries since I opted for the one with cheese and bacon. the food came out fairly quick but that is one of the only positive parts of the meal.

After taking a total of two bites of the burger i could not eat anymore of it. The "meat"  tasted and looked like it was some sort of meat-paste shaped into a patty and previously frozen of course. I removed the burger and ate the sandwich with just the vegetables and the bacon/cheese. My friend laughed at me, took one bite of hers and ended up removing her meat also and having just her veggies on the bun. The fries were average and edible though.

We thought about complaining and asking for a refund since the meat was pretty much inedible for the both of us, but decided it was airport food and probably not worth trying to make a complaint.
Bad bad bad. first they don't have carne asada. Second they serve blain taco meat with no flavor. They charged me $11.75 for 2 tacos with rice and beans. At the airport gouging prices are to be expected. But an extra $1 for watered down salsa mad the experience worse. I will never eat here again because the food was disgusting.
It's a Taco Bell. There isn't really much to expect beyond being open late and serving tacos. This is far from the nicest TB in town. It's older, it's grungier, the drive-thru takes longer, etc. But they serve the same food as all other TBs. So yeah, it's a perfectly fine TB and will certainly satisfy your late night drunken cravings for some cheap tacos.
One of the better Taco Bells on the east side. Orders seem to be correct and employees are always courteous and friendly. AND, most importantly, they seem interesting in doing a good job. Helping me live with the guilty pleasure of TB.
Doing this review based on their new breakfast item, the "Waffle Taco".

Saw the commercial for it so I decided to try it the next morning at the drive thru. It's a waffle shaped like a taco with scrambled eggs and your choice of sausage or bacon. I chose bacon.

I should of chose hunger. If you refer to my pic, it actually looks decent but looks can be deceiving. Dont expect the waffle to be crispy like they just actually toasted it or made fresh from scratch. It is obviously microwaved because it is already soggy when you get it. They give you a tiny container of syrup. You know, the kind of container you would dip nuggets in if you were at McDonalds. I guess you are supposed to either dip your "Taco" in it or just pour it on top. Mind you I actually parked in theTB parking lot so I dont make a mess. You definitely dont wanna be driving while eating this thing. So I pour the syrup into my taco. It had the consistency of watered down cough syrup. The taste? Ha, Robitussin tasted way better and I hate that stuff! This syrup tasted like actual tree sap. As for the bacon bits, you know how you can get imitation bacon bits at the supermarket? Well, they imitated an imitation. So what it tastes like is comparable to those knock off perfume and cologne bottles that random people sell in random parking lots. The ones that kind of smell like the real thing but only lasts like 2 minutes. The bacon bits on these things were basically red construction paper dipped in bacon grease and shredded.

I only ate half of it and was surprised I even ate that much. I guess I didnt want to face the fact that I lost good hard earned money for it? I kid you not, I coudnt wait til lunch came around so I can dump a lot of hot sauce in whatever I will eat in order to kill any remnants of that garbage I just ate. Makes me wonder if they test these things on animals. Good God, I just realized that we are the animals! 

This is not the first time I fell for their marketing gimmicks. Lets see, there was the Cantina Bowl, XL Steak Nachos, and the XXXL Steak Flatbread thing. All these were total fails. I guess the only person I can blame is myself because I keep thinking that maybe they will make a mistake somewhere along the line and use actual ingredients. Then they will be scratching their heads why all of a sudden people are lining up by the truckloads.

So in closing, I gave two stars because the only thing that I will ever have hope for is the Mexican Pizza. That has never let me down before and even if it does, the percentage of it making me sick is very low. Maybe because my stomach has grown tolerant of it? Gahh, that sounds scary. Notice I never mentioned the service. Fyi, I have yet to find one worthy of mentioning and this location is no different. Memo to TB corporate, stop smoking that weed and try real ingredients. At least put some of that weed in your product so we think its good when we are just actually hallucinating. Plus you get the munchies when you are high which in turn will help sell you more tacos. And no, I dont do weed. Well not voluntarily anyway. Sometimes you smell secondhand weed smoke and you get the munchies as well. I gotta go now for I think the DEA is knocking at my door.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #97 "Puff, puff, pass! Dont mess up the rotation!"
I never yelp fast food, but I love this Taco bell. Great customer service, quick and never mess up on orders.

I love Taco bell, it my weight loss food. I lost 70 pounds eating Taco bell. I only ate hard tacos 2 fresco style for 3 months and it worked.
Yeah, I'm giving 4 stars to a freaking Taco Bell. This Taco Bell is so nice and pretty that I feel the need to dress up a bit (wearing pajamas whilst going through the drive-thru here just seems too grungy). It's on the newer side. The staff are some of the best and most professional I've ever seen at a fast food joint. And the service is always friendly, quick, and accurate. So yeah, it kinda earns 4 stars.
I had the burrito w/Fritos inside.  I'd rather have my Fritos in a bag.  Now they have Doritos taco shell on the outside w/taco bell stuffings inside. What! Doritos locos tacos! I love Doritos! I'll come back to this place to try it. This shop is clean. Good customer service.
This is an ok taco bell. It's much better then the one further up on eastern, but it's not good enough to get me to drive past del taco on a regular basis. The staff is friendly, the food is as good as it gets for taco bell and it's a good alternative to the norm. It is after all fast food and the taste reflects as much.
One star because Taco Bell serves generic and fairly bland food that makes my stomach hurt.  Add another 2 stars for this particular Taco Bell because it has fast and friendly customer service.  So thumbs up for this Taco Bell location and thumbs down for Taco Bell in general. 

Got dragged here by someone that wasn't willing to trust a local Vegas tacqueria.  She only wanted Taco Bell.  Meh.  Tried the nacho cheese taco they've been marketing.  It's bland and uninteresting.  Not sure how they managed to make nacho cheese Doritoes bland, but they did.  Eh.  I guess it could be worse.
I dont eat at taco bell anymore.  But the dorito taco is awesome. Thats the only thing I will order from taco bell.   4 stars for the dorito taco. If not for that 1 star.
A little odd to get to your first time, but quite tasty and relatively speedy service.  I got addicted to the 5-layer burrito at this location.  Why is it so good?  Magic.  Taco Bell Voodoo Magic.   Mmm.

Good customer service, correct order comes out, and inside is very, very clean.  Taco Bell isn't gourmet by any means, but it will do in a pinch - especially for the price. Those $3 meals are perfect (I usually stash the chips at home for another time as the burrito + drink are fine by me).
I will run for the border before I spend $6 for a taco, nacho, and Pepsi beverage. I remember the days, not so long past when Taco Bell was reasonably priced. It seems that fast food chains such as Taco Bell and Panda Express charge the same as the better local owned restaurant. With my Yelp application practically being a third arm, I am enlightened to local taco shops that are a far better value than Taco Bell. 

  If you are a Taco Bell fan, the service is okay with a capital "O." It is walking distance to the Walmart supercenter and Sam's Club. The crazy drivers will be an obstacle. During school season, high school kids will fill the place up.

  I never say never. But until Taco Bell lowers their prices, for the next 6 months I will only be supporting them through only nachos and cheese or soda purchases. And that is if there is no competition.
I won't ever come back to this Taco Bell. Service sucks and manager (old lady that looks like a man) is really rude, she needs more fast food management training. The store is really filthy and who knows what they use to prepare the food. So PLEASE, I wouldn't come here if I were you. YUCK!
This place is a mess. The past 6 times I've been here over the past 3 months there has been an incredible delay in the drive thru, orders messed up and overall just disaster. Food came out cold one time, which is surprising consider I waited 20 minutes in the drive thru for it. Another time 3 out of the 4 crunchy tacos were crushed when we got them. The employees look like they have no idea what to do. Overall, this taco ball falls short in capable management.
I've been here twice in the past month, around 7ish. The drive thru takes at least 10 minutes! Horrible drive thru!!!!
I'm a Taco Bell freak! This location is always REALLY fast, even with as busy as it usually is. I've never had one bad experience at this location in 8 years. Viva Taco Bell behind Target Greatland!
This place isn't bad at all as far as Taco Bells go. If you can stomach the food or actually kind of like it, you're good 9 times out of 10 here. There are times when the tomatoes aren't fresh enough or some minor thing seems suspect, but generally nothing tragic. Combine several hundred calories from here with a Rockstar or Red Bull and you're ready to start the f**kin' day! Yeah! And then spend the afternoon in bed! Seriously, this food isn't good for you.

But for fast food, it can be very tasty on the cheap. Sometimes they're busy, but not that slow considering I'm always stuck behind the mom ordering enough food for a football team and all I want is a burrito. Anyway, overall solid Taco Bell. Just beware the weird parking lot. It's an accident waiting to happen sometimes.
Don't get me wrong I love authentic Mexican food but sometimes you need the American Mexican cuisine from Taco Bell :) I like the beef better than Del Taco and the supreme tacos are great! Sometimes I wish they would bring back the $.39 tacos, haha, just a suggestion.  This location is pretty fast with the orders and I haven't had a problem with any orders as well, check it out if you get the chance.
I love the cantina bowls with chicken. ;-)
I have been coming to this location sense 2004 and always had good customer service.
I've been eating at Taco Bell religiously for the last 8 years (mostly for the Mountain Dew) but this one is by far the best! It is always clean and the food usually comes out before you even fill your drink! They don't skimp on filling the tacos and burritos (a lot of taco bells do) which is always good. I'm not a fan of the new red Mountain Dew but the baja blast is very good. As with all franchises some are better than others and this location is by far the best in Vegas!
So it's a Taco Bell, not a whole lot to say about TB. This one is fairly clean and the food is your standard TB grub. The drive thru is hit or miss though, are you feeling lucky? Because somedays you are in and out, while other days it can take ten or minutes to get through!
Well, its your typical Taco Bell! I do love the beefy cheesy burrito things and the crunchy tacos! The service here was so-so and the location is like a hidden gem next to KFC.

All in all this place is just like any other Taco Bell. Good luck and I hope you dont get the runs!
Look, what do you want me to say?  It's freaking Taco Bell.  Their 88% beef tacos and burritos and mexi-melts and Mexican pizzas are all delightfully consumable.  Just don't go expecting a Chipotle experience.
The food was typical Taco Bell, not great, but filling enough and hot.  It appears that they have raised their prices, and their drive through was slow as all get out, but the service was friendly.
OK, no joke- the Doritos Locos Taco Supreme is amazing!  I thought it would be gross, but after trying it- pure genius!

This Taco Bell is my go-to if i need my T-Bell fix.  I've never been inside, only through the drive-thru.  The people are always nice and fast.  Order is always correct.

I hope they keep the Doritos Locos Taco forever, and I'm not kidding!  If you haven't tried it- go now.  A Dorito as your taco shell?  Nice!

Everything always tastes good, as good can be from Taco Bell...haha!
Taco Bell is Taco Bell-- What can one say about it? The service is kind of slow here. I have been in faster drive thrus. Ha!
Fast food joint.. come on. Its good. the cashier who happened to be the Manager was very Happy
I ordered the Doritos Loco Taco but got Nachos instead, oh well, it tasted great. Bathroom smelled TERRIBLE though. I gagged the whole time and held my breath til my face turned blue. It wasn't a urine smell, it was some strange heavy chemical, and no ordinary chemical. Strange...
Average staff at best. Love the Mexican Pizza there
It's Taco Bell.  The crew here is fast and friendly, though....so that definitely would be the differentiation for anyone viewing this review.
At this Taco Bell it takes two people to mop the floor. One to mop and the other to watch; she must be training. In general, I avoid this one because the kids that work here spend more time socializing with each other than paying attention to the job they are getting paid for.
Taco Bell has two ingredients ...   Grease salt.  Everything taste as the same and if I don't throw up...   I ind up spitting dust for days from all  the salt!

I understand why kids like it because they generally like credo and have to learn yo discern crap from non-crap. 

Another chain full of food not fit fior human consumption.    

BLECH!
Horrible service. They don't even wear gloves at this location. I would not recommend
Worst experience ever!

I went through the drive through... Ordered 3 soft tacos, a burrito supreme, & Mexican Pizza... I didn't get 2 of my tacos.

I called several times, nobody answered! 

I will never go to this crap hole again!
I gotta admit, I love Taco Bell! Remember how everyone loved Pizza Hut when you were a kid? Well, I liked Pizza Hut, but preferred Taco Bell. I know, weird right?

Back in the day, they used to have the Taco Bell Grande, which was a bigger version of the Taco Supreme. I loved it! I think I like Taco Bell because their food is simple, tasty and cheap. Here are my favorites:

-Taco Supreme
-Chicken Supreme Chalupa
-Nachos
-Mango Frutista (They are oh so addicting!)

I have never dined here, but the drive-thru is always fast and friendly. They have screwed up my order a few times, but I guess you sort of expect that from any fast food place. Now that the weather is starting to heat up, I'll be back often for those Frutistas!
First of all, I am not much of a Taco Bell person. The only things they have that I like are their Doritos Taco and the Mexican Pizza. That's the only reason I would give them two stars.

What I came here for was to try the Cantina Bowl. I decided on steak and anticipating it to be good. NOT! It is basically a knockoff of Chipotle's steak burrito bowl! The steak itself was flavorless and it had the pre cooked taste to it, meaning all they had to do was heat it up. There was rice, beans, lettuce, and some kind of chipotle sauce (kind of ironic since it was a ghetto imitation). Immediately after this review I am going to contact Taco Bell to tell them to either make it better or quit making it and just stick to making the Doritos Taco. If they take the Doritos Taco away, then that will just erase another star on this review.

Service was ok and the cleanliness of the place was decent as well. 

So if you are reading this and are thinking about getting the Cantina Bowl, DO NOT GET IT unless you want to ruin your apetite! I had to go to Chipotle that night for dinner just to satisfy my steak bowl craving!
Service sucks. They are always messing up orders and are rude to customers. One of their workers was just yelling at a kid for bringing in his skateboard and told him to have consideration. So rude and unprofessional.
I got here quite a few times each week on my way to work, its never super busy.  My order is always right and it some of the best drive thru customer service I have ever had.  Will continue to come here.
Wood fired pizzas, scrumptious pasta dishes and bacon wrapped shrimp.  How can you go wrong with a place that wraps things in bacon.  C'mon, even  veggies admit that things wrapped in bacon are good!  Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding.
Can get very crowded and smokey most nights, show up early and get a good seat in a booth or grab a beer at the bar, park in the back of the building if the front is crowded.  

Nice selection of beers on tap, not just your usually domestics.  Good selection of wine....and the food is pretty good too.  Very spicy so expect it, don't go here and ask for mild food, just won't happen.  And prepare to laugh at the $27 fish tacos that's always on the special board...haha, most expensive fish tacos in the universe by far.  Very consistent eats, always spicey yet flavorful and good.
Really fun atmosphere.  Good music.  Dark and intimate.  Large private booths are perfect for chillin' with a group of friends.  The food is heavy and the portions are very very large.  I am not in love with the fish dishes.  But the meat dishes are really tasty - I had the most fantastic pork tenderloin here...  this is a nice place to take out-of-towners for a casual upscale meal with local flavor and atmosphere.

In the spirit of full disclosure, I would like to add there I don't consider much of the menu to be true "cuisine of New Mexico".  I am from New Mexico, so I know what I am talking about. (fyi - Carlsbad Tavern in South Scottsdale is the most authentic New Mexico cuisine I have had in the Valley).  As Omer notes, it is smoky and the food is hit or miss.  I came here for lunch and was not at all impressed.  However, I was won over when I came here for dinner with a group of friends.  This is a fun place at night and several dishes are quite good.
I hardly ever get past their carne adovada. It's simply amazing. Add a couple of extra homemade tortillas to it? Can't be beat! I have had their pecan crusted sea bass also, along with lamb chops (chipotle?) both very, very good. Great atmosphere, friendly, competent staff...a winning combination. Get there early! Long waits after 6:00pm!!
This is stuff that is hard to get in SF.  On a business trip to Phoenix, I had the pleasure to try some truly good Southwest cooking.  For SF, it would be considered a true hole-in-the-wall.

Had the blackened cat fish and it was delicious.  Everyone in the party enjoyed their meal.  Nice local ambiance and yes there is smoking in the restaurant.

Would definitely go back.
Damn, I totally thought I'd be the first one to write about this place, but obviously, I am mistaken.

In a strip mall next to a computer store and a pool supply shoppe stands this intimate venue, which would be great for a date.  However, when life doesn't treat you to a hot date in Phoenix, it will do nicely for a good night with 3 co-worker / friends.  Casual yet nice.  Good music, yet nothing I recognized.  Killer platters -- I recommend the New Mexican Platter (tamale, relleno, chicken burrito, beans, rice).  It was so dark in there, I couldn't exactly tell what I was eating until it got into my mouth.  After I moved the relleno off the other items, I would get a piece of tasty chicken (ahh, the burro).  A piece of meat (love the tamale).  Cheesy beans n' rice (but so much better than the standard combo platter at a Mexican restaurant) rounded off the platter.

Taste-o-rama galore.
Richardson's may be one of New Mexico's best-kept secrets -- so well kept it's improbably located in a Phoenix, AZ strip mall. The place feels so authentic it's like you're dining in an Anasazi cliff pueblo on a desert night. YEAH -- it's like that. Get some of that extra-spicy green chile if you want to have a good cry. The place is small and often packed (and its clientele is understandably enthusiastic), but if southwest cuisine is your bag, it's well worth the trip and any wait for a table.
I seriously have no idea how I missed this place for so long. I went to the Baskin Robbins that is next door to Richardson's probably every other week of my childhood, yet my parents never took us here. 

A month or so ago, a friend of mine was raving about this place in my former stomping grounds that I had never been to. Frankly, it was a little embarrassing. Especially when I finally did go there, and realized the food here is AMAZING. 

New Mexican Cuisine sounds a little intense but it is basically Southwestern, like Tex Mex only way, way, way better. The only detractor from this spot is that it is brutally smokey in there, which should be fixed come April with the new law that will hit. Once it does, it's five stars for Richardson's.
Nice place, can get really crowded on happy hour on just about any day. It remains a trendy place were people like to see and be seen, which is fine if you need that kind of thing and don't feel like driving to Scottsdale. Food is very good though pricey, and cost of drinks is commensurate. Star is knocked off due to bad memories. Went here with a woman who asked me out, then got stuck not only with our bill, but the bill of two of her male friends that joined us. And one spent much of the night bragging about his many custom homes under development. Didn't even get laid.
The minute you walk in, you feel the intimacy, smell the pecan wood, the spicy food.  Richardson's is an entire sensory overload.  Highly Recommend.  I had the Red, Blue and White Enchiladas and they were excellent.  My finace had the pork adovada and it was quite delicious as well.  Richardson's is great for a date, double date or family of 6 or less.
It was a bright and shinny afternoon when I strolled into the darken cavern that is Richardson's for an early dinner.   With only 1 other table occupied, the waitress staunchly refused to seat me until my entire party arrives --- in this case, the 2 other people that would double the current occupancy level of the restaurant.  

I am getting an inkling that this may not be the pleasant dinning experience that I was hoping for.  After 10 minutes of cooling my heels on the hot asphalt lot, my wayward friends arrived and we were granted permission to sit.  

The menu had odd notes of randomness...Chicken Cordon Bleu...really?  We ended up ordering New Mexico Sausages, Carne Asovada and the Relleno Platter.  The sausages were the best of the lot.  While the relleno was decent, it wasn't anything worth walking the hot parking lot for.  As for the Carne Asovada, the flavoring was so subtle that we couldn't actually taste any...ended up asking for chile sauce.  It took some effort to flag down the waitress since the occupancy level doubled yet again (meaning there is now ~ 10 customers in the restaurant)...but finally, the waitress got us 2 house-made sauces in tiny bowls.  The sauces were okay and did improve the flavor the pork (especially since it was completely bland before)...but any remaining iota of good will from this better-late-than-never gesture was completely banished when we got the bill and realized that we were charged for each of these 2 additional sauces.    
 
Did the so-call cool quotient or the slightly above average food made up for the service?  I don't think so.  But hey if you're feeling masochistic and want to pay to be treated badly then head on over to Richardson.  

Would have given 3 stars for the food alone.
It is always busy. That means food has to be prepared fresh. Everything I had is always good. You can get some real spicy hot New Mexico style cooking although there are many foo foo dishes. It is a little pricey.
Great date place - dark and intimate and the food is good. Not fancy , but that doesn't make it cheap. There's a good bar and nice cozy booths to sink into. The wait can be long but just have a prickly pear margarita and you'll be fine with it. Their chicken dish - i can't remember the name right now but it's stuffed with peppers and spinach and cheese - is great!
Some of the hottest food in the valley. Some dishes are incindiary. BUT, they also have some of the best food too. Fantastics. During peak times, the place can be packed. 

If you dont like New Mexico chile peppers, this is not the place for you.. 

FULL BAR
Let's just get this out of the way first, this place makes one serious steak. As in, I have trouble getting out of my seat to walk to my car after finishing one. Richardson's is real southwestern food. Southwestern food with a lot of original ingredients and some serious kick. 

there's always good music playing. The decor is awesome at this place. It's real dark and relaxing. Big booths with pillows in them as well.  Combine that with the bar serving out some awesome drinks, and it's pretty hard to pry me out of my booth. Even without the huge steak mentioned before.
I'm from LA and went to Richardson's while in town for the weekend. All I have to say is WOW. Food was great, nice atmoshphere, and friendly waitstaff. Great grilled meats & New Mexican food.   Highly recommend the tomatillo toast. The pork enchiladas were really nice as well.
The Sunday brunch is amazing
Their food is great, however, very spicy if there are any wussies reading this

At night, the restaurant tends to get PACKED, so be prepared for a little wait.

During happy hour, they sometimes give out free food!
This is a great, great place. packed yes, worth it, yes. Bad side..um..maybe not as "new mexican" as new mexico- but I'll take it.
Richardson's sounded like a fun place for a good New Mexican meal on our short trip to Phoenix. It's located in a tiny strip mall, which was odd. Inside, it was dark, loud and packed when we arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night. Luckily we found 2 open seats at the counter around the bar, so we didn't really have to wait. We weren't quite sure how the menu worked, and unfortunately the waiter didn't do a good job explaining that seemingly everything except the soups and salads were served with beans and rice, thus making everything entree-sized. We chose to share everything, and we started with the skewers and the grilled shrimp, which are wrapped in bacon. Both dishes were served with 4 dipping sauces (the same 4 on both plates, I believe), and both were cooked perfectly. The meats on the skewers were tender and juicy, even the shrimp, which is so easy to over-cook. The grilled shrimp was delicious as well. I couldn't see the sauces, but everything I tried was yummy. I limited my rice/bean intake to save room for the next dish, but I was filling up fast.

For our entree, we shared the carne adovada, which came highly recommended by so many reviews on Yelp and Chowhound. And rightly so! I wished I wasn't so full already! The pork was meltingly tender, and the red chile sauce was thick, smokey and spicy. I was stuffed, but I couldn't stop nibbling, it was that good! I would have taken the leftovers home, if we weren't staying in a hotel, as I'm sure this is even better the next day, after all the flavors have melded together. I'm looking for a recipe now so I can try to replicate this dish at home. It was THAT GOOD! 

Seriously, Richardson's is a good place to check out for a delicious New Mexican dinner. Expect a wait if you want a table, but if you can handle sitting at the counter or bar (getting bumped once in a while), no worries. We were only in Phoenix for a few days, and this was the best meal I had.
After someone RAVED about the carne adovada on Chowhound, I knew I had to have it.  Unfortunately, I wasn't awed at all: the pork wasn't very tender and the sauce was really rather bland.  I wanted to try the posole, but the server almost refused to let me order it, saying it was a "meal in itself."  The portions were pretty big, and it's funny how prices fluctuate from 8$ (the soup) to 30$ (the fish specials).

We went on a Sunday night and there was no wait.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute and homey, with a fireplace that's looks a little strange next to the huge flat-screen TVs behind the bar.

I don't get it.  Maybe it was an off-night?  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Hum.
When I think of Richardson's, I feel warm and cozy inside.  I've been on several occasions and I love the atmosphere... I always have a good time at this hidden little gem of the city.

The 'Cuisine of New Mexico' is unique... they are known for their green chile potato as well as several other pork dishes.  I usually go for the fish or seafood specials... they have a standard menu and then specials posted on chalk boards around the restaurant.

Most recently I enjoyed the blackened scallop appetizer as my entree along with a huge house salad.  The scallops were a little bit salty but cooked just right.  They were served on a tortilla with rice, beans, and a yummy spicy sauce.  Their salads are really tasty, and many of the entree specials come with a starter salad.  I went with a group of 4 and we had a couple of bottles of wine and a plain pizza as an appetizer to share.  Needless to say, none of us had room for dessert!

Be prepared for a crowd whenever you go, but enjoy your company and the people around you.  Call ahead and make a reservation if you can...  if you do have to wait, sit at the bar or by the fireplace; you can't complain once you have a drink in hand and the scent of the fire mixed with hot food and good energy.  I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
"So, Stephy, what do you feel like eating for dinner tonight?"

"Cozy!"

"Is Cozy a cuisine?"

It is at Richardson's. Wow, talk about walking into a place and instantly feeling welcome, warm, cozy and yummy. Now let it be said, right here and now, that the whole "New Messico" food is not really up my alley. Tex Mex, do they call it? Newp, not my thing at all, but good hearty comfort food on a chilly night always sounds good and so we ventured on over to Richardson's to see what they were cooking up.

But first...wine. (You can't order food without wine, duh.)

So, we ordered a tasty bottle of Chilean red (imagine that, me, order a spicy red, nooo!!) and as the four of us waited for our table we looked over the menu and read the many specials up on the boards. Fish seemed to be the hot dish of the night, but once I saw one of my favorite words....SCALLOPS...it was kind of a no brainer as to what I was gonna order.

We then were seated in a super cozy booth in the back and after the four of us devoured the pizza app we ordered it was time to order the main attractions. The boys had Chimayo chicken and the carne adovada and Gabi K and I tried the scallop appetizer and the special scallop pasta. Sadly this is where the review goes south...

SALT. There's a reason you often hear the word "pinch" next to "salt." If it's over done, yikes, it's just gross and their blackened coating is like a salt lick. Which was sucha  bummer, because those scallops were cooked to perfection, but after attempting to scrape off the blackening on 4 of them, I finally just gave up. Perhaps the way to go is to just ask for them grilled. I think they would be superb then, but stay away from the salty blackened option.

Other than that minor thing, I really enjoyed our experience here. The waiter was a great sport considering we had two comedians with us and put up with all of our silliness. The only other thing was the check sitch. I guess they don't like to split a check more than 2 ways. Eventually they split ours 3 ways after persisting, so i might suggest asking ahead of time if they can split the bill if you are planning on anymore than two cards.

:)
i really love this restaurant. We just discovered it about a month ago and have already been three times...and we are planning to go again this weekend. The ambiance of the restaurant is perfect. Especially in the winter with the crackling fireplace. Everything we ordered was perfectly cooked and really tasty. The service is also very friendly. Be sure to try the chile potato and a margarita.

The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because of it's lack of vegetarian entree's. However, the veggie food they do have is excellent.
Like most Phoenix restaurants, you can't judge by the outside.  You walk in and it is transformed into a warm inviting living room.  I loved the seafood options and really loved the margaritas- too much so.
Here is my recommendation, try anything here (it's ALL GOOD!).  However my favorite is brunch here.  You must try a Bloody Mary...they make them with NM Red Chile instead of Tabasco...it's delish.  Foodwise, I recommend the Enchiladas & Eggs...add green Chile, chicken and you have a feast suitable for the Gods.  This is definitely a splurge spot, but it's my favorite.  I have had probably over 50% of the menu and all is good.  This place is tiny...so it can be tough to grab a seat, but well worth the wait if you have your heart set on some Amazing NM food!

Plus, let's care it...with enough Bloody Mary's EVERYTHING tastes awesome!
Richardson's is often described as fanastic, but a little pricey. Now I'm not the wealthiest man, but I have to disagree. For the quality of ingredients and the portions that are generous to even a fat man, you can't call Richardson's plates expensive. Not to mention, I usually get something off the Santa Fe Trail side of the menu which is usually $10-$15. Then there's the brunch menu, carrying my favorite enchiladas and eggs. For ten bucks I get a hot manhole cover size plate with two shrimp enchiladas, two eggs, beans, potatoes and green sauce, that's a gift for the money.  There is also a special place in my heart for the GCP, a twice baked sweet potato in a hatch green chili, stunning.
I'm over it.

New Mexican food, I mean.

Its probably unfair for me to review this place then, given my 180 on this supposed cuisine.  After all, if you're gonna eat NM southwestern in the Valley, for all i know, this could be the place.

But then again, Babe's cabaret could be the sweetest spot in the Valley to eat pusscake, but I'd never know because I wouldn't dare venture there or steer anyone towards such vile fare.

What Richardson's is, is average food in a slightly cool/mostly corny (pardon the pun) environment, where everyone is yupped-out and nodding to each other about their green chile palates.  Meh.  I'd rather be in the 2nd grade lunch line on sloppy joe day.

I will admit that its a decent spot to grab a pre-festivities drink.  And they DID hit one out of the pueblo with their other venture, Rokerij.  So, I'll give them a couple extra gold stars to stick up on their weekly chart.
(3.5 stars)  I've eaten here three times and I'd normally give this place 3 stars because it's pretty good, but not outstanding.  However, this message does not apply to two items on the menu (which happen to be two of my favorite things in the world): chili and cheese enchiladas.  The chili is really, really good.  I've only had the red chili, which from my understanding, is the more mild in flavor.  Could've fooled me as it was pretty spicy and very flavorful.  They knew what they were doing with this chili.  The cheese enchiladas in red sauce were also fantastic.  I think the menu actually has them as chicken, cheese, and shrimp (?), one of each, but I just like them all cheese.  And they were good.  So those two delicious dishes bump this place up a half star.
I've been here a couple of times and while the food is pretty good, this is by no means a diamond in the rough.  The food tends to be on the spicy side so make sure you don't mind some heat or tell the waiter to go easy.  Also, the place is not very large and tends to be somewhat claustrophobic and dark.  It's difficult to see what you are eating which in my opinion takes away some of the appeal.
My favourate New Mexican restaurant in the valley.  Perfect place for getting together with a group of friends for dinner and drinks.
This is a wonderfully cozy restaurant with spicy, flavorful and unique dishes. Why do I love this place so much- almost all booth seating w/ throw pillows, candle light, and they advertise that they do not have booster seats or high chairs.  It is always packed, you should probably make a reservation or good luck getting a table. 

Try the elephant garlic appetizer- it's kind of like chips and dip, but the elephant garlic takes the place of the chips. It is delicious and gooey. Of course, you might want to refrain if you are on a hot date. 

I've had pasta and enchilada dishes, all wonderful. It's not really traditional New Mexican, I think the menu just borrows ingredients and flavors and makes new creations.  I like spicy food, so I personally wouldn't say it is too spicy.  But, all you wimps out there might! 

This is a great place for a small group or a date (as long as you make a reservation).  A true Phoenix treasure that you must try.
I work in the South West and I feel like if you don't want to eat at chain restaurant you're only other option is Tex Mex.  Don't get me wrong I like the Mex it's the Tex that throws me.  Luckily, there are some pretty good ones and Richardson's in Phoenix is one of them.

Both David and I ordered the Blue Corn Smoked Turkey Enchiladas and an order of Guacamole.  The moment the Guacamole arrived David dumped our salsa all up on it. "Trust me," he says.  He was right the guacamole salsa combo was delicious.  So too were the Blue Corn Turkey Enchiladas.  The turkey meat was moist, yummy, and had just the right amount of smoke.  We both went with the green chile and we definitely didn't regret the choice.  I'm becoming a bit of a green chile snob and Richardson's does a good job.

The interior looks like a Mexican cultural museum.  The walls and booths are very organic in appearance and designed to look like a pueblo.  I though the copper table tops were a nice touch.  The service was prompt, but nothing too special.  The u shaped bar in the middle of the restaurant seems to be a bit of a hot spot for locals.  With good food and great ambiance, Richardson's will definitely be added to my go to list when in Phoenix.

1 Guacamole
2 Turkey Enchilada
---------------------------
$32
This is the best meal i've had since i've been commuting to AZ from NY.  the food is so so good and the setting is comfortable and warm.

I can't say enough how much I enjoyed this place.  I think it will become a weekly haunt.

I had one of the fish specials and the sauce was just amazing.  Everything I had was great.
Wife and I really like this place.  It still has its hole in the wall feel but is very popular and sometimes crowded.  The menu is broken down to a southwest fusion side and straightforward New Mexican side.  Both are very good and very spicy.  The brunch is very good on Sunday.  Priced can be a bit high but quantity and quality of food is very good as well.
Richardson's was a staple for me when I lived in Phoenix plus it was walking distance for me. Beware if you plan on going after 6pm any night of the week you will be waiting for a table, but don't forget to check dick's hideaway right around the corner, same menu, different spot. All the drinks are great, the prickly pear marg is a must. The food is delicious. I have had everything on the menu and I swear for the garlic platter, the crusted Chilean sea bass (when they have it), The trio plate( pork tenderloin, fillet, and rack of lamb, the relleno platter, the rack of lamb. The burger is great, the chimayo chicken, in all reality you can order anything on the menu and it will be great. The only thing I have had that I wouldn't order again was the tamales but I make my own so I am biased. The atmosphere is dark and sexy. It is a nice comfy place, very small and packed but nice. The service is always good. They have great deals on wine before 4pm. And let us not forget they serve the best breakfast in town on the weekends!
Dick's/Richardson's is probably my favorite restaurant in the valley. The interior is small, dark and with a modern Santa Fe style. Because of the wait i usually end up at Dick's just around the corner, which is really just an extension of Richardson's. Dick's consists of a bar with a handful of tables it also has a room connected for private parties which they occasionally open so remember to ask if they have tables available at Dick's if Richardson's is packed. 

I plan on going there many more times to try as many things as possible because frankly it all sounds good and I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered. The services matches the quality of the food as well.

Living close to Richardson's/Dick's makes trying new places difficult knowing that I could have easily gone to Richardson's instead.

They also have Dos Equis amber on tap (as well as lager) which should be as mandatory for a Mexican cuisine restaurant as a bathroom.
This place is a home run, plain and simple.  I've eaten here many times, from a duo to a Friday office lunch and it's yet to disappoint me.  Tamales, white pizza, red chile pork, it is really really all good!!
After all of the great reviews (even non yelpers) I couldn't wait to try this place out.  My rack of lamb was not very tender, my brother-in-law thought his Santa Fe chicken was decent, but nothing to write home about, my husband  LOVED his beef and pork rellenos.  I did think the whole tavern like ambiance was great, good place to go to cool down and get away from all that Phoenix sunshine.  They use big martini glasses and don't fill them up.  Big no-no with martini drinkers.  Use a smaller glass and fill the sucker up!!!  Waiter was efficient, but don't expect a lot of side talk which I attribute to the fact that this place is hopping.  If you drink your alcohol with very little sweet stuff, avoid the pear margarita which everyone seems to rave about.

All in all, I will try this place again.  They attract a good clientele which is always a plus and again the restaurant as a whole has a good vibe.  Maybe next time I'll just order my vodka straight up in a shot glass and get the guac and chips...?
This place is GREAT! I live close enough to walk and it does make going anywhere else challenging.

It is very loud in the restaurant, so if you want to talk to the group you are going with, not the best option. The service lately has been very sporadic, but used to be great. 

Food is unbelievable, I"m a big fan of the blue corn enchiladas with shrimp (very spicy). Beer on tap is not the best, dos equis is only available in the bar not in the restaurant and the drinks are a bit pricey. 

Overall, if you havent been here you should! Make a reservation.
Richardson's is wonderful! It is so cozy and romantic. Generations of love birds have enjoyed dates at Richardson's and hopefully many more to come! I am vegetarian and I always get the Garlic Pizza. It is just sooooooooo good. There are limited items on the menu for vegetarians but so worth it!! Music is good, atmosphere is good, food is good!

Love it.
My husband and I had a great late dinner here.  We had been told by a neighbor it was a "hole in the wall", so we were a little surprised by the (slightly high) price of the entrees.  The food was delicious (we got the vegetarian tamales) and the service was great.  We sat and had a drink at the bar while waiting and had great service throughout.  

The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because it may be slightly pricy and they don't have a lot of menu options for vegetarians.  Otherwise, great spot.
Yeah, yeah, I know there are already like fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...

The food's the same awesome New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The dark pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a great deal of privacy for you and your party. I recommend any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so good when I think about 'em they make me lose control and type text message shorthand like "OMG". Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.

Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room available at Dick's). Service was super friendly and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta splurge.
I hate giving this place a 2 star review because after all it was one of the first places I went on a date with Michael (think it might have been the 2nd date).  I have such fond memories of the food and experience here I have always wanted to come back again.  Well last night 4 years later we made it back for dinner.  Let me start off saying that I love the atmosphere of Richardson's... dimly lit with deep booths so you feel like you and whomever you are with are the only people there.  We were sat promptly by the hostess we sat there looking over the menu for some time... nothing seemed to appeal to us.  Then we realized that we were looking at the lunch menu... oops.  So we got a couple dinner menus from the server and we perused that for a bit.  I settled on the green chili stew and a house salad and Michael had the Relleno Plate.  Mine was pretty spicy which I don't mind at all, but it really seemed to lack in flavor.  I have had spicy food that was so good I just kept eating it... it was not the case tonight.  The salad was really good though and huge... plenty for two people.  Michael seemed to enjoy his food although it was so hot (not spicy, hot from being in the oven) he had to wait awhile to start eating.  We did enjoy the wine we had with dinner, but we knew what we were getting because we had it with dinner at the Rokerij last week:).  Btw the reason that they don't get 3 stars is because the service was extremely slow... they were not that busy.
Great place to have dinner with good friends. Sit at the bar and wait for your table. I always order from the specials menu - never disappointed. Crowded every night of the week, but worth the wait. Great brunch as well. One of the best small neighborhood joints.
FUN atmosphere, lots going on for a late dinner.  Food was really solid, I should have branched out more than the enchiladas, which were good regardless.
Another "cheers" to Richardson's. My cousin took me here for the first time two years ago. I've walked away satisfied. Portions are huge so I've been able to make two meals out of one usually. The green chile potato, or GCP as the kids call it, is really yummy. Last time I went, I had the relleno platter with roasted green chiles and a small house salad. The salad was nothing special and drenched in ranch dressing. But at least the waiter was very decent in telling me that he would get me a $4 one instead of the $7 which is what's on the menu. He didn't think it was fair to not warn me how much food that would be. But the beans were very flavorful and with the rice, it certainly didn't taste like the usual heaviness that comes from something out of like an El Torito's or Chevy's. And I think everyone should try the garlic toast platter. Richardson's does a good job of setting itself apart. And the decor is inviting with the copper tables and dimmed lighting. Good for a date or just to hang with a friend.
4 Stars.

Come here for the drinks if nothing else... After a couple of "Specials", you'll be really feeling it!

Again, one of my ol' haunts ten years ago. Richardson's has changed very, very little in that amount of time. The cuisine that Richardson's serves is supposedly New Mexican Mexican, but the entrees that I had reflected very little use of Chili Peppers which New Mexican cuisine is well-known for.

The only evident physical change I could see was a smaller wait-area where there was a few 3-4 person tables to sit at while you waited for your permanent booth was converted into a permanent table. Other than that, this was the same ol' Richardson's. One of the loudest, yuppiest crowds in all of Phoenix!

On the menu today...

Top Shelf Margarita Special (**** 1/2 $15.00) Don Julio Tequila, Prickly Pear, Orange Juice, and Lime Juice. Wow! Sweet and Toxic! With all the fruity ingredients... reminded me of a tropical drink.

Skewers (***** $15.00) Two Wood-Grilled Chicken, Beef Tenderloin, Pork Sausages, served over Wood Oven Roasted Sweet Onions... on a bed of Barbecue Beans, Mexican Rice, Barbecue Dip, and a Mustard Dip on a Flour Tortilla Bed. Defined as an Appetizer on the Lunch Menu, we decided to share this dish as a side order. Beef was tender and succulent! 

Green Chile Stew (*** 1/2 $14.00) Green Chile, Beef Tenderloin, Potatoes, and Carrots with Melted Cheddar Cheese over a Flour Tortilla. The most New Mexican of the entrees we had today... mainly because of the Green Chile which produced a serious bite to the Stew. Ruined, though, by the lack of knowledge of how to cook Carrots in a Stew! Carrots were almost raw... everything else in the Stew had been simmered for awhile, except for the Beef.... Carrots provided a crunchiness that was distracting and not needed in a Stew.

Gumbo Pasta (** $16.00) Black Bean Linguine in a Pepper Cream Sauce with Jumbo Shrimp, Sausage, Chicken, and Roasted Peppers over a Flour Tortilla. This was supposed to remind you of Gumbo? The only ingredients that are vaguely Gumbo-ish are just the Shrimp and the Sausage! NOT! Expected a lot more from this entree.

Service (****) Our waitress was pulling a double shift... Afternoons at Richardson's and Evenings at Rokerij (just up a few blocks on 16th Street). She was prompt, efficient, and talkative. When the evening rolls around, though, I notice that service drops off considerably... but that can be rectified by just stopping your waitress as she walks by... Simple.

In summary, a 26 year-old business that will last quite a few more decades. Recommended. Innovative entrees that work most of the time... but infrequently bombs, also.
So this past weekend was one of gluttony -- one of my close friends from Indy and her b-f (a chef) came to visit me.

I knew I needed to bring my A-game while they were here.  Luckily Friday night I brought them to Richardson's.  I just can't explain how wowwed I was by our food.  We started with the roasted garlic appetizer.  It was an elephant (not a misnomer) clove of garlic that was roasted, so when you peeled the cloves, only mushy, garlicy goodness came out.  It was served with toasted slices of baguette and this incredible cheesy, chile pepper queso that was amazing.

We should have just not ordered entrees, because we wolfed down so much of the appetizer that we didn't have a lot of room for dinner - but yet, we pressed on...

I had the green chile pork enchiladas.  They were absolutely amazing.  The rice and beans that came with them were oh-so-tasty too.  Karen got the fish tacos -- she really enjoyed them, but prefers a tortilla to a crunchy shell.  Thom (the chef) got one of the fish specials, and loved pretty much everything on his plate, although he wasn't too wowwed by the green chile mashed potatoes.  I thought they were pretty yummy myself.

The service was OK.  The guy wasn't super friendly, which I think blows, especially considering the fact that it's a fairly pricey restaurant.

The iffy service aside, I will absolutely be coming back, and urge ANYBODY that likes southwestern food to run, don't walk, to Richardson's.
I have never wanted to give a 5 star rating as much as I want to give Richardson's one... and despite the most amazing food I have ever tasted.. I cannot give you 5, Richardson's, because the bartender/server left a lot to be desired. 

Maybe if we had sat at a table versus the bar, it would have been different, but it wasn't, so I have to Yelp accordingly. 

I will admit, the temperature was perfect, the ambiance was great, the bathrooms had those thick towel/paper towel hybrids and I had outstanding company, but boy oh boy.. the bartender had quite the stick up his behind. 

Anyway, um... the huevos rancheros with red sauce.. eggs scrambled.. was literally the best thing I have ever eaten in all my life. I literally wanted to sit there and digest fully so that I could eat it again. 

I must say that the best part about this place is the menu.. and how it specifically states "high chairs and booster seets will not be provided." Yes, that's right, this place is not kid friendly, which is fine by me!

This place rules. The food rules. I will be back, and hopefully said bartender will have removed the stick and I can update with 5 stars :)
Outstanding New Mexican cuisine.  One of the only joints in the downtown Phoenix area with honest-to-god green chile.  Fantastic brunch/breakfast menu (I love me some carne adovada with eggs). 

NM plates are always tasty.  Fresh fish specials are unbelievable when they hit.  It ain't cheap, the wait can be a bear (reservations are a good idea), and the service can be spotty, but the food is unbeatable.

Dick's around the corner has the same menu in a different setting.
UPDATE: Richardsons has recently raised its prices due to increasing expenses overall, food is still fantastic and we'll keep going, just not as often. Its definitely a quality restaurant in a sea of standards.
Large portion of the pork.  Can't forget the Green Chili side dish, it was very unique and fluffy.  I sat at the bar, so I didn't a fill of the specials for the night.  It wasn't until I dug into the pork that I noticed a slew of seafood specials on the wall.  The pork was very moist and did not suffer the overcooked dry pork dish that you may find at many other restaurants.

A very dark atmosphere, wish there were at least a little bit more light.
One of my favorite spots in Phoenix, Richardson's always seems to cure me of whatever is ailing me with a Prickly Pear Margarita and a healthy dose of scorching chiles.  Don't let the location (a dingy strip mall) or the laid-back waiters fool you - the food is top notch and a bit upscale.  The dark restaurant and tucked away booths make the place seem like the setting for a clandestine meeting.  Chile Relleno and the Carne Adovada are both toothsome, while the enchiladas are a treat for cheese lovers and chile fiends alike.  Richardson's makes the distinction that they are New Mexican cuisine, and although they are not what you would find in Mom and Pop Albuquerque, they are still a red and green driven menu.  Definitely worth a trip!
I have tried Richardson's on a number of occasions, none of which were busy.  Mainly I've gone because it serves dinner until midnight, is close and has been recommended by friends.

First off, know that the parking chews.  An old school angled strip mall lot that is on much too busy of a corner to approach from the 'wrong' direction.  Second, they never seem to know who is supposed to be seating people.  Is there a host?  Is the bartender staring at you and your guests blankly while taking a phone call supposed to do it?  The second time I snagged a menu and plopped myself down. On none of my three visits have I entered the door and received my drink in less than a 15 minute interval.

Ok, now for some positives!  The dark, candlelit decor is quite relaxing.  I also enjoy the copper topped bar and large pillows in the booths to bolster us shorter folk.

Maybe this place is just not for everyone.  There are some tasty dishes I've come across but their sides are tired, especially the GCP which never sounded good to begin with.  No one I've brought with me has been able to spot any values on the menu, including myself so I suppose the large bill at the end isn't doing anything to help my view of this place.
I am ready to update you to a five because the last three times I have been there, your service has been better, the huevos rancheros has been consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!! 

If you were still serving breakfast at 6pm, I would come eat you now.
$15 for a quesadilla, $12 for a glass of sangria and so-so service. I mean, I like Richardson's, the food is pretty delicious, but for chucks sake, why is it so expensive? It's not so they can pay the electricity bill. I really don't get it. 

I'm going to get so much crap for this.
So, my boyfriend and I were visiting some of his friends in Phoenix for Thanksgiving.  On the way I kept wondering to myself if there was any New Mexican food in Phoenix.  I lived in New Mexico for 9 years, and honestly, I've yet to find anything to compare to it.  I really miss the food, especially since most of the Mexican food in California is ridiculously bland.

So here it was Thanksgiving.  I'm getting ridiculously drunk, and I start asking some people if there was any New Mexican food around.  Luckily, some people there had been to Richardson's and they told me about it, and they also told me that they had an amazing brunch.

Well, we didn't make it for brunch.  But we did make it for dinner on Saturday night.  Me and three Brits.  Now they all love their curry, but curry heat and chile heat are too completely different things.  I was so psyched.  I really hoped that the food was comparable to the food I was used to.

The first thing I noticed was the price.  It seemed a bit spendy, but whatever, we're on vacation right?  So I ordered a combination plate that had a carne adovada burrito, a mushroom tamale, and a chile relleno.  My boyfriend ordered the steak with green chile and blue cheese (which is a strange combination in my book, but it turned out to be okay).  The other couple ordered the gumbo and a salad and posole.  We also started with a blackened scallops appetizer that was on the specials board.

Well they started with a few salads for those who got them with their meal.  They weren't terrible, but they weren't great.  I was getting a bit worried.  The scallops came out.  They were unbelievably tasty!  The appetizer was 18 bucks, but it came with six scallops, a bit of beans and rice, and a few chile sauces.  You can't get six scallops for less than 20 bucks at most seafood restaurants!  

When the main courses arrived, they looked great.  I have to say that the chile on my meal was great.  The beans and rice were tasty, and the carne adovada brought back memories from my time in New Mexico.  Phenomenal.  The steak was well cooked and tasty.  I even tried a bit of the posole, which our friend claimed was very spicy, but I thought it was perfect, not too spicy and delicious.

I would recommend this to anybody visiting Phoenix.  Seriously.  The one problem is that I now can't go there every week, and I'm back to the mediocre Mexican in California.  Kudos to you Richardson's!
The Carne Adobada is the best in town and I love the salad they provide before the meal.  I have tried many dishes at this place, Heidi Pasta great and I like the trio  that includes the enchilada and tamale but I am hooked on the adobada.  The only downfall is the wait,  sometime I am just too hungry.  A girls gotta eat!!
I took my boyfriend out to a rare date-night dinner at Richardson's because it is right down the street from our apt. It was very dark, hard to read the menus, but was perfect for our semi-romantic dinner. He was wary at first, because of the construction (especially the wobbly wooden plank leading the front door), but it was definitely love at first bite for us! YUM!

We were sat at the bar immediately, and got to skip the 45 minute wait for a table. The place cleared out all at once at 8:30, good for next time so we can have the restaurant to ourselves. I had the red chile alfredo pasta, which I ordered just for the bacon-wrapped shrimp and was very happy (though full after 5 bites - super rich!) Mr. BF had a severe case of food-envy going on. Sooo good. 

My only wish was that there was a place to hang my coat, which was bulky enough on my lap to make eating neatly tricky, but other than that we will be returning without question. Oh and by the way...the male bartender is equally as quirky cute as the other!
Sunday Brunch.  11:00.  Arrived, "walked the [plywood] plank" through the construction outside of the parking lost.  There was a 20-minute wait for a table but we lucked out and took the last 2 seats at the bar.  

I smiled when I ordered a bloody mary and the bartender informed me that my bloody mary came with a free 3oz shooter of the beer of my choice (had to go with my girl, Stella).  $6.50 for a cocktail and an "appetizer" drink?  Quite the steal. 

The food was fantastic--I followed the Yelp advice and got the green chile enchiladas + eggs (next time I will get both enchiladas with the shrimp, and order the eggs over easy instead of scrambled).  The friend I was with ordered the breakfast burrito.  Both of our dishes were VERY tasty and HUGE -- I ate about half and made another meal out of it later in the day.  I think all the brunch dishes were $9-$14, but with the huge portions and cheap drinks, it was a steal.

By the time we left there was a long wait just to get a seat at the bar, much less a table so we definitely beat the rush.

I will make a point to get back here for dinner ASAP!
[Review of Richardsons and Dick's Hideaway combined]

Nestled in the Northwest corner of 16th St and Bethany Home, it's really easy to overlook these restaurants.  Which I did the first time I tried to find it.  But, fortunately, all's well that ends well, and the delayed meal only made my hunger more forceful, and the food more delicious.  

And, had I only gone there once, I would be suspect of my 5*.  But, I keep on going back, time after time, for dinner, for breakfast, for any excuse I can find to drive the 10 miles there.  

The soups are sublime, the turkey enchiladas with green chili superb, and well... it's hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.... I'll try to prove myself wrong, but of course, I'll have to go there again.... I'm ok with that.
This was my first exposure to New Mexico cuisine.  I was really impressed.  

I had the New Mexico sausages for an app and the Carne Adovada roasted pork shoulder in red chile sauce.  Both were really, really good.  Complex spicing and good heat level, tastey but not over burning.  This was both a unique and delicious experience.  And a learning experience too.  I'd go back in a second.

The service was good.  Both the hostess and waitress were stunningly good looking in a "recently graduated from ASU" sort of way.
Note to self....if you spot a barely visable restaurant, with minimal signage and BMWs parked in front......stop in!
Luckily I was with someone who knew where we were going and smart enough to rush me out the door "to get there early". We arrived just before 6pm on a Saturday night, and shortly there after the hostess stopped seating walk-ins, for those with reservations (or were quoting a 1 hour wait). The front of this establishment is deceiving, but behind all the construction and clutter due to remodeling another world awaits. The bar is large and friendly, and next time I'll ask to sit there just for the experience and a view of the open kitchen. Our waiter, Clark, did an incredible job of guiding us to some great selections. The whole staff was impecable, providing excellent "stealth-like" service. Clark replied, when asked, "try the scallops...they'll change your world!". My world has been changed. I don't eat scallops, but now I do..if , they are blackened, grilled over pecan wood fire then served with four sauces; chipotle, red chile, queso and roasted red pepper. The salad was fresh, chilled and tossed with jalapeno ranch dressing, topped with green onion, diced tomato and shredded cheese. It would seem the moment my salad fork came to rest, the entree' arrived. A juicy, tender, rare, 16oz. New York, blackened using chipotle spices, sauced with a Jalapeno Hollandaise along side their original Green Chile Potato (I'm making this for my next dinner party) and sautee'd eggplant. I did try the Blue, Red & White Corn Enchiladas,which were really good, still I felt really satisfied that I had won the "I ordered better than you did" award...for once!   
And dessert? one word....Flan.
OK. I get that it is Superbowl Sunday and most places are dead, but come on! We love the food here. Been going to this place for at least 15 years or more. If I could eat five gallon buckets of their carne adovado and never gain an ounce, life would be complete. But alas, I'm not into throwing up.
So, we did not feel like staying home for the "big game" and we're kinda not into huge crowds. (also we aren't popular enough to get invited to any Superbowl parties.) ( At least none with out squirrel sloppy Joe's.) Inside joke.
So we venture on over to one of our favorite spots. Normally I can tolerate football here as they keep the sound off and play great music while my guy takes in his game (I hate football) and I take in great wine and great eats. We had heard that for the Cards playing in the Super Bowl they would have the sound up and the game live. I have home town spirit so what the heck, it's only once a year.
We sat down right at 4:00 and the pregame stuff wasn't even on. The place was deserted as expected with a few seated tables and a couple of guys at the bar. After a guy complained that the game was not on, the bar tender asked us, "what channel is the game on"? Then he acted all pissed that he had to turn the game on.
My man asked if the sound was supposed to be on and the hostess replied, "yeah, they're working on it". We miss the national anthem (how unpatriotic Rich). There was another 15 minutes of the men in the bar freaking out that they were watching the Cards play in the Super Bowl with no sound. I suggested that we check to see if the sound is up at Dick's hide away and we could all just pick up our beers and walk over there. The bartender was so blase about it all as he announced that he hated football and he could care less. Finally he reached up, stuck a cable into the main box and presto, sound. Still the whatever attitude from the bartender. 
Time to order wine for my guy. He asked for the wine list and the bartender (Brandon)) says "should I pick one for you"? He says, "No, I'll pick it". The guy pours my date a sip of red and shoves it at him. He is shocked but tastes it to be polite. It is good so he says, "that's good". The cocky ass bartender says, "that's why I'm on this side of the bar and you are over there". ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 
For the rest of what is a very exciting game (yes, I watched AND cheered) the staff out numbered the customers and we sat and listened to how badly they wanted to go home and it sucked for them to be there. Brandon the bartender was the biggest offender, (followed by that stuck on herself ,horrid, red head server that they float around to all three restaurants) bitching and texting the whole time. We have to yell his name out to get more food or drink refills at least six times. If he was not so into the game my date would have flipped out and left. You know, the food is fabulous here but the whole excitement of the game was a bit dampened by such crappy service. I mean, we didn't write the work schedule dude! 
I look at it this way. You are a bartender on a notoriously slow shift. You only work for tips. Do you piss off the few customers you do have, or do you take extra good care of the ones you have so you can make some money for you effort? Next year I'm having a party or staying home.
If I go back into the bar at Richardson's and Brandon is there, I'm leaving for Dick's right away.
I didn't pay much attention to this place for several years.  Passed it many times, just didn't catch my eye enough for me to remember it on those nights when I desperately try to think of some new place to try.

I've since been here twice (over about a 3 month time span), and I really love it.  First time, had great food (all server recommendations - although he disappeared prior to arrival of meal, seemed to be doing side work so he could bolt out).  Great although somewhat minimal service for the second half of our dinner, former waiter did not say he was leaving, we sat for a little while before someone new arrived.  Ambiance and company made it barely noticeable.   Personally, I don't care as long as I get good service.  We're not family, I don't need an apology or heartfelt goodbye.  The garlic app - what it is called? - your server will know, it's probably their most popular dish, it is AMAZING.  Order this unless you hate garlic or are on a diet.  I consider myself a good cook, but I would leave this up to Richardsons.  As I write this I realize the whole reason for my review is that dish, because I don't remember anything else I had.  Stopped by for drinks the second time, ended up ordering a pizza, expected little since it didn't mesh with the menu, it was really quite good.  Bartender was great (I think he was actually the take-over waiter from my previous visit).  Very cozy place, if you come later or are are willing to wait, you can get a private table in a cave like nook.  The place is not cheap, comparative to other finer dining establishments.  Overall, a lively but romantic place with character, good food, and decent service.
Thank you for caring! It is very refreshing to know that business owners pay attention and want to know what the public is saying. An attitude of "the customer is always right" and wanting to keep loyal clients happy and coming back, is refreshing. Thank you for the apology!

(Again, can't beat this food!)
Went to Richardson's on a double date. It was a Saturday night, and thank goodness we made a reservation. The place is pretty small, so it fills up pretty quickly. FYI: Reservations are only available for parties of 4+, so we were able to squeak by. :) We were seated within 15 minutes of our reservation time and had a great little booth private-ish booth. I had the red sangria which was delicious. It has pulp (tasted like orange and pineapple?) which is a little unusual for sangria but actually was really good. We also tasted a sample of one of their draft beers (can't remember the name), I believe it was a Belgian pale. It seemed like the light equivalent of a Guinness. Apparently, it's made by Monks and was really good. I highly recommend it. 

The food portions are pretty large, so I would definitely suggest sharing. We ordered the Chimayo Chicken and the BBQ Chicken Pizza. The Chimayo Chicken is served with a house salad, so between that and the entree, it's more than enough for two people to share. The Chimayo Chicken was so delicious!! It's stuffed with spinach and sun dried tomatoes, drizzled with a red chili sauce and is served on a tortilla with a cheese/corn sauce. On the side is a generous helping of asparagus and broccoli, also served with the cheese/corn sauce, and a chili with a sweet-potato mash tasting concoction on top. 

The BBQ Chicken Pizza was also really good. Maybe a little light on sauce, but the onions were delicious and distributed generously.

The service was pretty good, but our server seemed a bit frazzled at being so busy. The Chimayo Chicken was $24, so a little pricey, but considering it feeds more than one, or feeds one for multiple meals, it's worth the price. I highly recommend this place, and am already planning my next visit.
Richardson's has got to be my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. There are several reasons for this, mainly the food, the ambiance, and the service. I've now been there six times and can say with confidence that Richardson's is consistently a great dining experience. Today I ate the Huevos Rancheros, spicy with green chili sauce and shared part of the Carne Adovada, tender and excellently seasoned. I will definitely get some kind of pork dish like the adovada next visit because I loved it. The prickly pear Patron margarita was a great compliment to the meal. At past visits, I've tried the seafood pasta, pork chops, and enchiladas all of which were very good (I went out on a limb with the pork chops and although good, I'm still not a fan in general). Definitely order a house salad and green chili potato or share one with a friend as these are truly distinctive tastes of Richardson's. The service is friendly and to the point which comes across as commonsense customer service. My favorite part of Richardson's (and Dick's Hideaway) is the mood which is set by the dim lighting and adobe style booths and bar. The candlelight flickering around the room makes you feel very private and slightly romantic. This is a great place for out of town guests, dinner meetings, or just a night out. It gets busy during the evening on the weekdays and is on the smaller side, so I like to go a little earlier to miss the crowd.  The outside of the plaza where Richardson's is is under renovation, so I'm excited to see it will look like fresh and new.  Hope to see you there!
My husband and I were really excited about trying this place out.  We love New Mexico food.  BUT it was kinda all hype and mediocre.  Food was okay, ambiance decent.  Kinda dark inside but romantic.  

First of all, we were really hoping they would serve sopapillas to start with.  I guess we've been spoiled with the restaurants in New Mexico.   My husband had the blue, red and white enchiladas and thought they were the worse enchiladas he'd ever had.  I had the Carne Adovada.  It was okay but lacked spiceness.

We won't be back and will save our taste buds for the real deal in Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
Really good New Mexican cuisine!

The dcor was very typical Southwest with pastel colored walls and accents of Mexican and Native American art.  The service was decent and they had a pretty good wine list.

I had the Carne Adovada plate, which was very good.  The stew itself was savory and arrived as a very good portion...the pork was tender and full of flavor.  The plate also came with rice and pinto beans - the beans were a nice side dish since they were a bit bland compared to the adovada and helped to balance the meal.  Everything was served on a large flour tortilla and came with a tortilla on the side.

This is a great location to go to for a unique dining experience.  Overall, most items on the menu aren't very expensive so (the adovada was $15) so you can have a great meal without spending a lot.
This is my favorite breakfast/brunch in town.  The Carne Adovada is perfection, and therefore I get it every damned time.  Tender, spiced, sauced porkwads with eggs and I believe breakfast taters on the side.  The spicy bloody is perfection.  I faintly recall the Jalapeno Eggs Benedict being yummy--whoever ordered it shared sparingly and guarded it with their life.

The joint is dimly lit, so you don't need to wear shades to nurse your hangover.  You sit in cushioned, isolated little adobe booths tucked away in corners--feels intimate to me and never loud.    The staff's always been really friendly.

Ten visits and going strong.  I'd be there right now actually if I'd run the prerequisite ten miles this week. :(
You can see my review of Dick's Hideaway to get more of an update on Richardson's.  Dick's and Richardson's are the same restaurant with slightly different vibes - Richardson's is where I would prefer to be with a date (unless of course I'm able to get into the private dining room over at Dick's!).

The two restaurants are in the same strip center (Richardson's faces Bethany Home, while Dick's faces 16th Street) - it's pretty cool when the hostess takes you from one place to the other, she'll take you right through the kitchens (I don't know of many places that are proud, confident and bold enough to take patrons right through their kitchens - this says a LOT to me!!).

So, I've been talking about the restaurant itself - the food is incredible - have never had anything that I didn't just love - it's great New Mexico style cooking with a nuevo flair.  I've taken many of my (less cultured ... i.e. gringo) friends - and they all flip out about the food!!  Highly recommend.
Richardson's is one of my top picks in the valley.  This place has the best New Mexico cuisine I've tried so far, but I have to admit, the only place I've ever eaten at that was actually in NM was Taco Cabana, which is a fast food favorite of mine.

We went for brunch today and their breakfast/brunch menu is fantastic.  We had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce, two eggs, rice, and beans.  It was enough food for two of us to split and leave feeling very satisfied.  Their bloody mary's are great, and at only five bucks apiece, are not a budget killer.  Also, they come with a cool little beer chaser - I think it was Dos Equis or Tecate, I can't remember which.

All told, we spent $23.00 plus tip.  It was a very nice way to start our weekend.

Oh, one other Richardson's tip - they always have specials posted on the boards, and although they tend to be pricey (think high 20's to $30.00 for dinner) they are WORTH IT!!  I don't usually order a special unless I really feel like spending money on food....but they're a great treat every once in a while.
I just wrote my review for Rokerij, so it seems only right that I praise the originator of all my love and affection - Richardson's.  I love this place. When I was single, it was my SECOND date place, where I asked to be taken when I wanted to cuddle up with the perfect cutie pie.  There are booths that are like caves with pilows and relaxing sofa like seating,.  The food is out of control good - unique and very interesting - always!  They have scallops and bacon here as well....and BRUNCH is fun and tasty.  ....  I love DICK's too, but I can't do three reviews for the same owner...just trust us all - go there!
For Phoenix, this is as good as it gets for the whole package - food, atmosphere, bar, & value.  Very charming little restaurant that cuddles around the small bar.  Cute adobe like separation of each booth, cushy seats, and decorative pillows in each booth are all nice touches.  Kitchen is semi-open so you can see the grilling action.

They had Nego Modelo, Hoegaarden, Chimay, Stella, and more on tap.  Very nice.

We both had brunch - huevos rancheros and cheese enchilada & eggs.  Both were outstanding, especially the hearty red sauce.  Green chile potato on the side too and it was also amazing, basically mashed potato prepared somewhat like chile relleno and then much of the chile is removed, except for the bottom.  Good presentation of both entrees & the sides.  Very tasty!

Service was good, and I bet it helped that it was lunch on a weekday.  There weren't too many tables in the entire restaurant.  So, of course, I recommend going on a weekday during the day.

Located NW corner of Bethany Home & 16th Street.  Blue sign in the pictures on Yelp were not on the building today.  Look for the name painted on the door.
I won't go back to Richardson's or Dick's Hideaway because of the attitude of the owner. The man is not a nice person and don't let him ever hear you say anything negative, period.  JJ G. says not to get comfortable.  The staff is better about not making sure you are on your way as soon as your finished than it used to be.  Abu J received an email from the owner telling him he is a "loser and a moron" when he reviewed the adjoining Dick's Hideaway, in a way he (the owner) didn't like.  I won't support this man by going back to his establishment.

I should tell you a plus about Richardson's.  Since they passed the law about no smoking in restaurants, you can know smell the food.  It used to be you were hit by a wall of stale cigarette smoke. Anything you wore in there had to be washed when you left it was so bad.

If you like New Mexico style mexican food, the place isn't to bad.  But why would I support a man...well, I could tell you having lived in the neighborhood quite a number of years..  Suffice it to say there are other places to go (and I'm sure they'd have better parking).

I fully expect a hateful email from the owner.  When I get it, I'll post it..
I had eaten at this restaurant once before and enjoyed the stuffed chile and returned for the same item.  This time it was more bland and slimply hot and not cheesy.  I also tried the Pizza which was surprisingly good (4 cheese) but had too thick a crust to be exceptional.  An interesting but not really a "New Mexican" restaurant, Gardunos, while generic in some ways, is actually the real thing.
I give Richardson's 5 stars for their breakfast! We go here all the time for breakfast/brunch on the weekends and almost always enjoy it thoroughly. Note: I do not eat dinner there, as there is not much of a vegetarian selection besides their pizza.

But back to their fabulous breakfasts...

I absolutely love their enchiladas & eggs dish. I normally order my eggs fried over medium, which are then set atop cheese enchiladas covered in chile (get the red if you're vegetarian). The red chile is made just right, with the perfect amount of spiciness & flavor. The dish also comes served with delicious beans & potatoes. 

The huevos rancheros are also damn good & are my number 2 pick.

The service is typically great. On one visit with some friends, we ordered a few prickly pear margaritas to start the day off right. When the drinks arrived and they didn't even look purple, we complained and our waiter happily brought us some extra prickly pear juice.

On another occasion, my girlfriend ordered a Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary's come with a shot of Mexi-beer. When we were casually chatting with our waiter and told him that we didn't like that type of beer, he swapped it out with a Chimay shot for free!

We love the food and they always treat us right, so we'll keep coming back.
Richardson's is consistently a very good restaurant.  I always find myself here with out of town guests who have never visited Phoenix, and most of the time everyone is happy.  The only thing that prevents 5 stars in my book is my most recent experience last night.  Two people in our large table ordered the same adovada dish and one person's had two tortillas on it and the other person's only had one.  No big deal.  The person who had only one tortilla asked for more and they brought out 4 more tortillas without question.  We were all happy campers.  Looking at the bill later, however, it turns out that the waiter charged our group for two side dishes of tortillas at $2 each ($4 total).  I know we are in the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression and the restaurant needs to make money, but that equated to $1 per extra tortilla.  Talk about nickel and diming.  I will, however, give our waiter kudos for working with me to make the New Mexican Platter vegetarian.  It was delicious, as usual.
Just returned to Richardson's after more than a decade -- really -- the place is just as good as ever. The food is OUTSTANDING. Spices are nicely balanced and there's heat where there should be, and everything is a joy to look at -- as well as eat.

Our waitperson was also GREAT. Very friendly, very laid back, and VERY helpful -- great job on describing the fish dishes, by the way.

We ate TOO much -- guac was great, stickers were tremendous. Chicken Chimayo was really something else. Asparagus, brussels sprouts, green chili potatoes. Chicken stuffed with spinach and asiago cheese -- fantastic!

I had Pasta Heidi -- tons of white meat chicken, nice heat to the pasta, nice creamy sauce. Tremendous!

Even the chicken quesadilla, presented simply on a wooden plate with two sauces, was a treat.

The prickly pear margaritas were also great -- and BIG.

The flan finished off the whole thing. Too much!

We'd be back there tonight if we didn't feel silly being in town for only two nights and eating at the same place both times...
Cool tex-mex with a twist.

--something for everyone, vegetarian, bargain hunter, splurger alike
--ideal for a romantic and private dinner out.
--dented polished copper tabletops fun to look at, but smell like a sweaty penny held too long in your hand on a hot summer day
--pewter plates (like the copper) are straight from rokerij up the street. rokerij serves salads on them ice cold, here they bake your dishes so they're searing hot.
--whole beans were dry on outside from the roasting. unusual.
--red chili beef relleno platter serves 2. chili with nice spicyness, 4 out of 10 on the "globalthermonuclear" scale.
--shredded beef very flavorful and not overseasoned. NICE.
--they were out of the matanzas savignon blanc tonight (darn). big pet peeve and enough to cost a half-star.
--dark room, no windows, candlelight and cool faux adobe half walls make you feel like you're in your own little world at your table.

I've been waiting for the building and parking lot construction to be complete to try this old favorite again, and it was worth the wait. No more signature turquoise awning outside, but it's in the same spot. We arrived for a "late" dinner at 8:30 and found the restaurant pleasantly sparsely peopled. Unfortunately the host was nowhere to be seen and I started to seat myself before someone noticed us.

I hate that I am considering asking more regularly if there is anything out of stock on the menu or other problems. I'd rather know up front so I don't get excited about something I see. Tonight I saw one of my favorites, the Matanzas Savignon Blanc, and of course, they were out of it. That's a ding. A pet peeve.

Very glad that the staff didn't hover and seemed sensitive to our slow pace and chatty demeanor. Either that or he just plain forgot us several times and we happened not to mind it. I'm going with glass half full this time. The ambiance of the restaurant and relatively high volume on the music also helped to make our conversation private. This is a really nice place for a private-time meeting or just to get away from it all.

I need to make more visits before I make "overall" statements about the food. revisit soon.
Richardson's is one of my Valley Favorites. I give them a 5 star for all of their meals, as I frequent Brunch on weekends, and dinner during the weekday. Their copper bars and Southwestern decor make for a fun atmosphere.

I can't pass up their skewars nor green chile potatoes (GCP). I also love their smoked turkey enchilada's and their Pasta Heidi (green chili linguine in a smoked cream sauce). 

I check in on their specials frequently, and love their salmon (typically specials have it prepared with apple-chile salsa, or pineapple salsa). There are always new preperations, but I've never been disappointed.

If you are planning to eat there during the weekday dinner hours (6-8pm)- call ahead for a reservation, or you will likely be waiting for awhile. Its worth the wait, but you should call just in case.
The ambience was quiet for lunch. The variety and range of the menu was fantastic not to mention the richness of the flavors. The service was very good. The waiter was willing to let us "stretch" the menu by trying combinations and substitutions in the menu. Top flavor. Nice atmosphere.
Ate at the bar as seating was a long wait and a group left at the bar and offered their empty seats to us. I started with the house margarita which was nothing special it had prickly pear in it if i can remember correctly. I had the blood orange salmon which was superb!!!! It can be hard to find a good salmon dish around here and this dish was perfect. Salmon was cooked perfectly and the blood orange sauce wasnt too sweet and there was the right amount of it served ontop. The carrots were very good that came with it and so were the rice and beans. Would come back here again to try anything else on the menu!!
Today a sad day in Phoenix. RIP Richardson's!
Hope you rebuild soon!

(is it just me, or is it a bit ironic that the website for Richardson's is www.burningembersphoenix.com)
I just ate there for the 1st time about 3-4 weeks ago. I had the Chamoyo Chicken and it was great. I liked the ambiance though the service was a little lacking. It wasn't very busy and yet the waiter seemed to have better things to do then serve us. Hope they rebuild. I have eaten at the sister restaurant Rokerij and they are just as good with better service.
The best ever.
Richardson's is the best New Mexican food in the Phoenix area.  I'm not sure if that is saying much, because I have only been to one other that specializes in New Mexican cuisine (Carlsbad in Scottsdale).  The use of Green Chili at this restaurant is second to only some of the meals that I have had in the "Q" (Albuquerque for those of you not in the know) and Sante Fe.  I love myself some Green Chili and Richardson's gives me my fix.

It truly was a sad day when I learned that Richardson's had burned.  Luckily for us, the building was salvagable, and the owner publicly let everyone know that it would be back as a staple for Phoenix diners. 

Richardson's menu is currently featured at the Rokerij location down the street if you are needing a fix while they re-build their current location.  The Rokerij is located just north of the Richardson's location at 16th Street and Maryland.  So if you need your fix of New Mexican cuisine or some awesome margarita's, make sure to head a little bit north and enjoy the atmosphere at their additional location!
Like garlic?  The garlic appetizer at Richardson's is your heaven.  Everything is good - from the wood roasted green chilies to all the regular items.  A little of New Mexico in Phoenix.  Wonderful! 

Patiently waiting for the reopening after the fire. So in the meantime, visit Rokerij - they have the Richardson's menu - it's right up the street about 200 yards on the right.  We were told that Richardson's will reopen on the corner where the mart and dairy queen are right now.
This place cannot be beat on their green chile stew.  It's AMAZING.  I eat here about 2-3 times a year (not often enough!) with friends and it is always fantastic.  

I don't eat a lot of meat and they will turn any menu item into a vegetarian item for you - happily.  I never feel awkward ordering here.  The meat I *have* had at Richardson's is always perfectly tender and wonderful.

If you are downtown and looking for a good, warm, FUN meal - stop here.
Just returned from a 4 day vacation to Phoenix.  I made a special trip to Rokerij just because I had seen where they had the Richardson's menu and, as a garlic lover, I have NEVER had anything quite like Richardson's garlic appetizer.  Once again, I was not disappointed.  This dish alone will keep me coming back to this restaurant group whenever I visit Phoenix.  I liked the ambience of Rokerij,  even though we were seated in the basement.  Our server was most attentive and patient with us as we muddled through the menu and then the appetizer.  I had the Pasta Heidi and my companion had the Mixed Grill.  The flavors of both dishes were spicy and unique. 
I would assume if you're after typical Mexican food fare, you would not be happy with what is offered by these restaurants, but if you're after some unique dishes at reasonable prices,  it can't be beat!
Best food ever. All I can say is wow. A must when you are in the Phoenix area. Atmosphere is a little dark but very classy and comfortable. This was one of my first dates with my wife and where she introduced me to 'New Mexican' food. They cook over mesquite wood; who awesome is that? Strictly fantastic.
Was excited to hear that the Richardson's menu is available at the new location around the corner at Rokerij.  The waitnress shared with us the old location did burn down but they are building a new location which will open in October.  It will be right next door to the sister restaurant, Rokerij.  It had a great atmosphere overall.  There is a wine cellar/bar with couches and tables to enjoy a glass of wine at before dinner. 
We ordered the chips/salsa/guac appetizer which was served with warm tortila chips.  It was delicious.  For dinner I had the turkey enchilladas which melted in my mouth.  
Can't wait to go back for happy hour to enjoy their $5 small plates!
Tasty tacos in a slightly too-cute interior.  While the tacos were tasty (I tried three of the meat variety), I thought the rice and beans were a little bland.

I'll head back but if I'm craving Mexican, there are better options.
Tex Tubb's is Madison's latest, but let's face it, not greatest taco establishment.  The decor is classic southwest Texas styling, and enjoyable in itself.  They offer the choice of four different salsas in their "salsa bar," but, unlike most similar restaurants, don't provide bottomless free chips to go with.  Overall, the food was quite good, but the price was not.  I paid over 30 dollars for dinner for two including one beer a piece.  Not what one wants at a taco stand.  The wait was also too long, but that could have been the fact that I went within the first two weeks of it opening.
I find the Taco Palace to be somewhat confusing.  It may look like a hole-in-the-wall authentic tex-mex place, but it is actually a very contrived  theme restaurant brought to you by the Food Fight folks.  Coming from CA, I'm used to going to places that look like this for authentic cheap grub.    The Taco Palace food is good but the prices don't match the atmosphere.   Three bucks for a small fish taco is two dollars too many.  Fifteen minutes to wait for two tacos to go was ten minutes too many.  Nevertheless, the food was decent and the atmosphere was pleasant so I may come back with friends in the future.
My tacos were good, the wait for the tacos was not.   Additionally, I do not dig the order and then seat yourself as it begets jerkys who hoard seats and people who get their food and can't sit down to eat it.
Grade: Pure Evil

Another fine monument to the arrogance of Food Fight Inc. The lone, non-offensive part of this ordeal is the fact that it's only open at night. The owners of this rampageous zoo should be ashamed of themselves. Consider yourself a sucker if you spent money or time here.
When Tex Tubb's opened it was so exciting. A taco place within a five minute walk from the house. Unfortunately, the excitement was short lived. I've had several less than stellar customer service experiences there, and the food just isn't worth the price. It's not disgusting or anything, but just not that great. I've always thought it was a bit odd that the owner charges a cover ($5.00) when his own band plays at his own establishment. What's up with that? Maybe two to three bucks, but five bucks is a bit steep.
I *want* to like this place, I really do, but I've been there about 6 times and it's just meh.  Overpriced and forgettable food- not bad, just not all that great.  Fish tacos were Ok- the queso dip is good, too.  I've had burritos, enchiladas, tacos of every description, hoping to find the dish that will wow me.  I give up- it's not here.  The decor is fun, the 8-track is fun about the first 100 times. Drinks are waaaayy overpriced- I think it was more than $6 for a vodka/tonic.  Yes, rail vodka, kids.

Hate ordering at the counter and fighting for a seat- that stinks.

The photo booth is fun, however............
I've got to say, the enchiladas were good, the beans were good, but the rice left a little to be desired. 

The banana tarimisu was good too!
Good Mexican food?  Check.

Cheap Mexican food?  Check.

Delicious margaritas?  Check.

Friendly service?  Check.

The *only* thing I kinda-sorta didn't like (but it was by no means a buzzkill) was that the margaritas weren't served in margarita glasses, but rather, rocks glasses.  Oh well.  I love Tex Tubbs!
Yum!   I went here for lunch with friends and had a great fish taco and yummy enchiladas.  I highly recommend
I had my 40th birthday party here after going there a couple times.  It was fantastic!  They handled 36 people on a Saturday night, and were tripping over themselves to serve us.  Food was delicious and my friends, all foodies couldn't get over how there was never an empty Margarita glass the whole night.

Diana, the manager, simply rocks!!!
Great atmosphere, fun place. As you'd expect by the name, Tex Tubb's is decked out all Texasy. I like ordering a Shiner Bach on tap, they serve it extra cold! My favorites are the fish tacos and the flautas. I gave it 4 stars because even though they've got some tasty items on the menu, there's some pretty blah ones as well.
Had a craving for carryout - something new and fun. Stopped into Tex Tubb's Taco Palace and got a burrito and some tacos for the wife. The atmosphere of the place was awesome. Staff was very friendly and very accommodating. Looked like a fun place to dine (will have to do that next time). 

Food was fairly inexpensive - and it didn't take that long to make for carryout. We both got the Carne Asada as a meat. It was tasty but a bit tough. Overall the food was yummy, just not knock your socks off yummy. What was good was the sauce/salsa bar they had. I took two different ones home. Neither were too hot - but both were very tasty! Yum!

I would definitely go back again - just to try some other menu items.
Yes, this place gets a 1 and I'll explain why I would give them an even worse rating if I could...

-WAY overpriced. I paid over 5 dollars for a fish taco that had less than 1/2 cup of filling. The piece of fish was like a fat minnow in size. Just wrong. I don't like to be ripped off this badly.

-The people there were rude to me and didn't take my to go order for like 10 minutes and they weren't even the slightest bit busy.

-I waited another 10 minutes for my mini taco before I got it.

I ended up eating in my car, feeling ripped, eating a taco that was a perfect portion for my small dog, but not a real human. And it wasn't even good food. Sad to say, but even taco bell beats this place.
The taco's are delicious and cheap.  Not taco bell cheap but cheap enough.  They also have amazing margaritas.  Why not?
5 W O R D S ...

"99 Night Tacos on Monday"

How can you go wrong?  Okay, if you're a vegetarian then you're SOL; but I digress...  Pretty much every Monday my teenager and I have dinner at my parents place. While taking a walk, I asked Ma dukes "What the hell is this place?"  My dad's like, "Oh, girl, that's the Taco Palace.  Good stuff!"

Alrighty...  I'll be the judge of that.  My Mother & I came in and I said how much for a Taco; my Mother and the lady were like 99 cents.  I said, "come again?"

99 a taco, for ground beef?  Give me 16 of them; carry-out please...

Anywhoooo; my mother, father, daughter and I enjoyed four tacos each at my parents house for cheap.  Flavorful, (I mixed my roja & salsa verde together) and the staff was friendly.

All in all a cool experience.
After joining a few friends for tacos this weekend, I'd have to say I'm a fan of Tex Tubb's. I had only been here once before on a whim several years ago for the brunch menu. That time, I felt a little rushed, and just ordered the first thing I saw that sounded okay off the menu board behind the counter. That's what I got. Okay. 


The layout has since changed, and I appreciated the time I was given to look over the extensive choices. I was told that the tilapia tacos were great, so I ordered the blackened variety and wasn't disappointed. I also had a fried catfish and carne asada taco as well. The catfish was very good(but not as good as the tilapia), but the carne left something to be desired. They just didn't have the great flavor that it's fishy companions did...I didn't mind all that much, because I felt about to burst halfway into that third and final taco. I'm not sure what kind of stomach the previous Yelper has, but my Fish tacos were quite filling, and not at all tiny! 

Each taco was around $3, not too bad in my opinion(and next time I'll only order two). 

The salsa bar is also a plus(although "bar" is giving it too much credit, it's a sink w/four salsas). The verde was tangy and fresh! 

We live closer to the University Ave location, so that's an excuse to try THAT one next!
Worst bowl of tortilla soup EVER.  Smallest, most expensive tacos EVER!

Seriously, why not just go to Taco Bell?  You'll be just as satisfied, with more money left in your wallet.
The fish tacos here are amazing!! The drinks are reasonable too and the front window tables are excellent for people watching. The portions are smaller, which is why most people complain, but if you fine with watching what you eat its fine.
The food is spiced nicely and I've only had good experiences eating here.
Fine chips and a wonderful salsa bar to start off your tex-mex meal right.

As a vegetarian, there are usually options at Mexican or Tex-mex places, but Tex Tubb's Atwood burrito is a breath of fresh air. Not just beans and cheese at us, this is a flavor and ingredient packed burrito I can get behind. 

The wait staff is fine, not phenomenal, but quite adequate.
I've read the reviews for this place with great interest, and after much careful consideration gave 'ole Tex a try tonight.

Woefully unimpressive.  And this comes from a guy who's a fan of dive Mexican restaurants.  If I could sum up the entire experience in a word, it would be "dull."

We walked into the place, which was largely empty - there were two other tables, each with 2 people.  We were immediately seated, and that's about the end of the good news...

Server didn't understand our request for a "Patron Margarita, on the rocks, with salt."  It took us 5-6 explanations before she got it down.  She came back 15 minutes later with the margarita - it was close, but didn't have any salt... oh well.

We then asked if we could get some chips (yes, I know they're $1, and that's totally cool - I can handle paying $1 for some chips; not sure why so many Yelper's have a cow over this), and again, she returned about 10-15 minutes later with our chips, turned and walked away.

We stopped her and said that we'd like to order some food.  Her response was, "Oh, I thought you guys wanted to keep talking so I was going to check back in a bit."  Um, ok, I guess...

We ordered 4 tacos - the Philly Cheesesteak taco, the buffalo chicken taco, a classic taqueria with chicken, and one of the deluxe tacos with carne asada.  Off she went, our order in hand.

We munched on the chips and the salsas... we tried all four (4) salsa varieties - each tasted nearly identical to the other.  Even the "hot" salsa didn't taste any different than the medium or mild did.  Sure, they were different colors, but that was about it.   ARGH.

20 minutes passed and our tacos arrived.

Tiny.  Absolutely miniscule in size; sparse toppings.  The cheesesteak taco wasn't anything like I pictured it... had a single chunk of "beef" (tasted more like a Steak-Um), with 1 onion slice, 3-4 small cubes of red pepper, and a dribble of cheese sauce.  Taste?  None - completely lacking.

The buffalo chicken taco was even worse.  Picture a single chicken McNugget dunked in a bad buffalo wing sauce and placed on a tiny corn tortilla, and then "topped" with 3-4 small chunks of tomato and onion.  Taste?  None - like eating cardboard.

The chicken taco wasn't any better.  A sliver of grilled chicken, a few small chips of pico (flavorless), and a few shreds of cheese.  Taste?  None.  I've had better pico from Aldi's grocery store.

And finally, the "deluxe" taco... take the Steak-Um from the Philly taco and throw on a bunch of flavorless toppings.  Yuck.

All in all - a horribly forgettable experience.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that Taco Bell has better tacos than this place does.  Seriously.  And our "meal" cost just over $30.  Yikes - 4 tacos, 1 margarita, chips, and a soda.  Wow.

Tex Tubb's = FAIL (in a big way)

Service = 1 star (non-existent)
Food = 0 stars (no flavor, small tacos, just awful)
Value = 0 stars
Misc = 1 star (interior is sort of neat)

Skip this place and go to a real taqueria, Taco Bell, or Taco Johns.  I'd recommend that 'ole Tex take a weekend and visit some of the taquerias in Austin for a refresher course.
I felt the food was expensive for what it was w/ very small portions. That would have been accepted but the waitstaff was terribly rude. The food was average. I heard they took the photo booth out, so that looses some points, too.
I am Not a fan. A la carte pricing means your dinner becomes really expensive really fast. There are things on the menu (like the ground beef tacos) that are simply not good. If friends want to go here, I get two fried fish tacos and then eat something later around 9pm.

The real mystery is: Why do my friends keep wanting to go here?
My third time getting take-out from there and getting screwed on the guac I ordered. I called and spoke to the manager and was offered a free appetizer next time I came in. Nonsense... what incentive is that... to spend more money someplace that has already screwed me 3 times. The food s good... but there is better out there in this town that delivers and gets their orders correct every time. Thought I'd give them another chance and they BLEW it. How hard can it be to put a side of guac in a bag when you're not even busy? C'mon!?!
I'm kinda loving this place.  My family is in Madison on vacation and we always travel with our lil' vegetarian so we are always on the lookout for vegetarian-friendly places.  After reading about Tex Tubb's and passing it earlier on in the day, we decided to give it a try.  We were so glad we did.  Lil' Vegetarian tried the black bean flautas.  They were quite good - crispy on the outside and then grilled, keeping the inside hot and creamy. The guacamole served with the flautas was a little on the too-citrusy side to enjoy.  I had Elisa's choice taco - probably one of the best vegetarian tacos I have ever eaten.  I never would have thought to deep fry an avocado, but really, it works.  Trust me.  My husband had the beef tacos and the fried catfish taco.  I had a taste of the fish taco.  It was crispy and topped with a crunchy cabbage slaw that was very good.

The salsa bar had four choices of salsa.  Nothing overly exciting but all of them were certainly tasty.

Two of us decided to add beans and rice for an additional $1.98.  It was different than your usual beans and rice.  The refried beans were far better than the black beans but both were tasty.  Next time, I'll skip the rice.  It was okay, but nothing to write home about.  The beans were ample enough to fill me up anyway :)

We had a very nice server.  She was having trouble with two of her tables shortly after we got there but she remained calm, cool and level-headed.  When asked, she had a suggestion for a local custard shop for us to try, but that is another review.

Good service, tasty food - we'll be back.  Oh, another reviewer said the price was high, I disagree, three dinners, three drinks, $40 - not bad at all.
I would definitely go back to this place!!!  They had a great assortment of salsa, great drinks and my burrito was fantastic.   I had the fried avocado burrito and it was very tastey!!!  Cute little place!!!
I gave this location 4 stars because I have only ordered a few things there and they were excellent. The Tilapia Fish Tacos are a beautiful thing, I also had breakfast there last Saturday and had Chorizo eggs with black beans and rice. It was another excellent meal and very well priced! I love the east side location, it has great character! There is talk of redoing the menu, dont touch the fish tacos!!!
i may know how magnets work but...
tex tubb's queso?

SHIT IS MAGICAL.
is it authentic? no. if you're looking for authentic mexican food here, you're retarded. 

what it IS is reasonably priced and delicious. the fish tacos are really good, as are the enchiladas. try an austin iced tea if you're looking to get loopy.
Fun, relaxed vibe and tasty food I'd describe as tex-mex with a twist (not authentic Mexican).  Definitely order the chips and check out the salsa bar which has mild, medium and hot options.  Plus, the visit to the salsa bar will kill a bit of time while you wait for your drinks. The drinks always take TOO long to come, even if we just order a couple of beers. Hmmph.
This is a solid place that is fun to attend after a long day of work. They have a pretty good happy hour for drinks ($2 Lone Star beers and I believe $2.50 taps) along with a wide variety of intriguing looking soft tacos all of which are around $2-3 each. The tacos are not authentic, but most are creative and loaded with the sort of ingredients americans crave. The best way I could describe it is a Red Robin menu in a tortilla. There are variety of different meats and veggies, usually all accompanied by multiple garnishes, seasonings and sauces.

I've tried several tacos there, but my favorite so far is the Taco Al Pastor. The combination of pork, pineapple and melted jack cheese just works so well together from a texture and flavor standpoint.

The salsa bar is nice, but none of the salsas are really outstanding.

The prices are great. I was there with three buddies and our total for a meal and several beers was under $50. The previous week I went to the Great Dane with just one friend and between the two of us we spent about the same. It'll be hard to justify that trip again.
I brought a friend from Austin here and he absolutely flipped over how much it reminded him of home. Having only been to Austin once myself, I can't say whether or not they're serving authentic Tex-Mex, but Tex Tubb's certainly seemed to be trying. This is the only place in Madison I've seen that has Lone Star and Shiner available, and the fried avocado taco was certainly a welcome departure from the usual Mexican food.

Also an excellent idea on their part - the frito pie. A bag of frito chips topped with chili, salsa, cheese, sour cream, and various other goodies. I tend to hate fritos, but this was really delicious. And I attribute that to the quality of the ingredients they were using.
We used to really like Tubb's. We've been going there since opening night. We went back last night for the first time in a few months and were very disappointed. They changed the chips to a tasteless brand that is evidently cheaper. You can get better chips in any grocery store. 

Even the salsa in the salsa bar seemed inferior to what it used to be. They had the same 4 salsas they have always had but they just didn't taste as good.

For our tacos we tried the crispy tilapia which wasn't crispy and had kind of a musty flavor. The blackened tilapia was a little fishy and only fair. Tubs used to wrap the tacos in two tortillas and they have cut back to one. The tortilla fell apart and we had to use a fork to eat it.

The grilled portabella mushroom taco is one I would order again. There was plenty of mushroom and the goat cheese added a nice flavor.

I'm in no hurry to go back.
Tubbs is a mixed bag, drinks are ok, service is usually ok and the food is ok.

In particular the new menu is an improvement with several of the new tacos (BBQ comes to mind, as does the Friday fish fry) being tasty but the salsa and chips are really crummy.  Even the generic-ish midwestern Mexican places in Madison have better salsa and the chips are unappetizing with a strange lime-popcorn flavor.  The salsas were always not to my taste but the quality really seems down on them now.

If I recall the ambiance used to be Austin funky, alt country bands, records on the walls.  Recently it was more generic.

Pretty much the place to go when you want an interesting Taco and don't feel like driving out of the near east side.
Chef Kevin Tubb's (of Eldorado Grill) from Austin and this place pays tribute to it. 
Very casual and fresh food. 
Their Fish tacos are amazing -- my favorites include the Blackened Tilapia, Shrimp, Portabella & Feta. And their Salsas are really good too!

For beverages, their limeades are tasty

For dessert, the Jalapeno key lime pie is yummy (with a kick!)
Loved everything I've gotten each time I've gone! The limeades are really good and you can't go wrong with anything that has the smoked chicken or pork!
will never go back
The changes to this place within the past 2-3 years have been stark and not encouraging -- I believe they are currently managed by some folks who used to manage Monty's Blue Plate Diner, and while it's understandable that there are management changes over time, I can't help but wonder if this is why my experience there recently was so utterly mediocre.

Let's get down to the nitty gritty:

- A few years back, the variety of tacos was decent and interesting; daikon, achiote tilapia, salmon, etc.  Nowadays, it's down to the minimum and served up (in general) on awful store-bought flour tortillas.  The corn tortillas that were their staple seem to be a thing of the past for the most part.

- I decided to try the "tequila shrimp" taco, and it was a watery, runny mess.  "Runny" is never something you want for a taco.

- Their chips are now the cheapest imaginable, out-of-a-bag generic, cardboard-like chips.  Microwaved for a minute to give the false impression that they're actually made on site (to an idiot, perhaps).  I felt the enamel getting lost with every chip I ate.

- The service was pretty slow -- took us something like a half hour just to get an order of guacamole.  Sorry, were you waiting for the avocados to ripen or something?

When I lived down the street from Tex Tubbs, I gladly went in there once a week or more.  I've since moved away from this location and haven't been in it in quite a while -- I'm sad to see the charm and the modicum of authenticity in their food gone.
I can't help but agree with Sean D. below.... I have been going to Tex Tubb's since it opened and have lived around the corner for the past three years, and everything about the place has gone seriously downhill in the past year. We keep going back in hopes that we'll land on something tasty off the new-ish menu, but there are really only few options that appeal there now.  

The last time we ate dinner there I ordered the "Big Bowl of Pork Chile Verde" and all at the table agreed that its color/texture resembled dogfood. It was a mushy, flavorless grey paste with tough strands of pork throughout.  I couldn't eat more than two bites. The accompanying blue corn muffin was raw in the center.  I've sampled quite a few of the new menu's tacos. Most are ok, but they all suffer from the new tortillas-- the old ones were really good and I think soft corn? and at least tasted house-made. These are more grocery store- chewy and flavorless. 

The chips used to be hot, crispy, and perfect! Now they taste like stale Tostitos.  Ironically, they also used to be free, and now there's a charge for them. It was a big letdown the first time we went after the chip change- we don't get them anymore. 

Tex Tubb's used to have a fun, kitschy vibe.  That's been replaced with grime, slow service, and cheap fixtures. I miss the old fashioned photo booth, but I miss the clean bathrooms more!
Good variety, quick service. And sooo cheap. Love it.
I've only tried this branch of the restaurant, and only once - but I'm not likely to be back for awhile, if ever, so thought I would share.

I grew up in a small farm town in California populated by lots of workers who migrated through from Mexico all year round. My friend circles included their kids from school, and so I became acquainted with Mexican cooking early on, and after living all over Southern and Northern California for 30 years, experienced great examples from all the various regional styles. 

What this place offers reflects a very Americanized, dumbed down version of Mexican cooking, but is more miss than hit. Burritos and enchiladas were more dry and bland than they should be for TexMex. Guacamole was OK, salsas were not nearly hot enough. However, I don't blame them too much for these shortfalls. NYC is pretty bad in this regard as well. 

Where the restaurant can and does shine - at least on my trip through - were in its tacos. Pork was moist, steak was succulent, fish (fried version) was the wacky California style abomination that I remember and loved. Sure, the tortillas could have been better - like made fresh, which they weren't - but they weren't awful. The margarita on the rocks was pretty good too. 

Stay clear of all the other stuff and stick with the tacos and you will be happier than not.
Tex Tubbs has gone through some changes - in the back and front of the house, and on their menu. My GF and I have eaten here dozens of times, and continue to go, about once every 4-6 weeks.

Here's what works
- Frito pie. Don't be shy. Order it.
- Three kinds of salsa.
- My favorite tacos are the Backyard BBQ and Southern Comfort. These are new to their "Fancy Tacos" lineup in the last year
- Margaritas. They squeeze fresh limes for these, like their step-brother restaurant, El Dorado. Yum.
- Jicama slaw. Another new'ish addition to the menu. Great side, and doesn't make you wish you'd worn an elastic waistband, like rice and beans do for me.

Here's what doesn't
- Spotty service. That "sit anywhere you want" thing at the front door is still off-putting, even though I know that's the drill. 
- When you do sit down, you may have two or three different people help you. I know this is better than having NO ONE come over to the table, but I frequently find myself saying, "Someone already took our drink order." C'mon, I shouldn't have to direct traffic; I'm here for lunch!

Overall, Madison doesn't have many great Tex-Mex places, so Tubbs is the king of a small hill.
Food=4 stars
Service=3 stars
Atmosphere=3.5 stars (too dark)
Salsa bar=5 stars!

Let's get to the good stuff...the specialty tacos! I had the Roasted Sweet Potato taco in a flour tortilla. The chard and sweet potatoes were a great combination. All it needed was a little salsa verde to kick up the taste. Miss Saigon Chicken taco had a combination of zesty and sweet flavors that needed nothing else. The El Pastor and Pineapple taco was a little disappointing. There were only 5-6 bite-sized bits of pork in there and many of them were quite fatty cuts of meat. That taco was the only thing on my plate I didn't finish.

I loved the self-serve salsa bar. Their mild salsa was amazing! The tomatoes were bright red, with onions and cilantro and just the right amount of salt. 

I would definitely go back, and maybe try sitting in the bar section for faster service.

The atmosphere in the dining room was okay...it was a little dark in there for the time of day. But there were lots of interesting wall decorations like tin tiles, colored lights, and a wall of shiny hubcaps. If they had turned on more of the ambient lighting the place would have seemed a little friendlier.
Great place to go if you want to sit in the bar, get a Lone Star, some chips and guac, and a couple tacos. The tacos aren't knock-your-socks-off delicious, but I wouldn't push them off the table, either, and there are some interesting combinations to try. The atmosphere is a lot of fun, and I always miss Texas a bit when we come here.
I just carried out a few tacos and rice and beans from the taco palace.  Not good.  I ordered a roasted veggie taco which was horribly bland with huge chunks of zuchini and summer squash.  Just zero flavor.  I also ordered the fried avocado taco which wasn't much better.  The two salsa's I got were bland as well... even the supposed hot option.  Rice and beans were fine, but definitely didn't taste homemade.  This place belongs near a mall... it tastes exactly like what you'd expect to eat from the mexican portion of a chain restaurant menu.  Long gone are the days of delicious daikon tacos.

Service was slow.  Took 15 minutes to carry out two veggie tacos.
If you like roaches crawling over your food before it is made you will love this place. Absolutely disgusting! Oh and don't bother going to the bathroom they are horrible.


Someone complained about my review. I am sorry to you but the building is full of roaches. I have been in the kitchen. I have seen the roaches. It is disgusting. IDK Why I got flagged for telling the truth. I guess it's like they say. The truth hurts. 

If you want me to say something nice here it is. The booze is good and cheap.
Great selection of delicious and unusual tacos. All of the ingredients homemade. Especially loved the achiote chicken and smoked meats. Would recommend the crispy tilapia as well. Decently priced for the neighborhood.
Like so many Food Fight restaurants, this one banks on decor instead of serving good food. 

The salsa bar is comprised of multiple mild, lifeless salsas. I know the average customer probably whines about spicy food, but if you label a salsa "hot," it should pack a punch.

It's hard to imagine how a place can also consistently produce dry tacos, but I've never gotten one at Tex Tubbs that wasn't dry.

In short, this is not the place to go for (Tex Mex) food. The margaritas are just fine and the place is cute enough if you want to meet friends for drinks and queso w/chips.
Tortilla soup looked great but had very weak broth--salsas were average at best,achiote fried tilipia was good, nice flavor, if the tacos lived up to the descriptions it would have been a great meal but it once again flavors were lacking---great concept but poor execution

drinks were well done and beer was good
Unfortunately, we never made it to the food, let alone drinks.

We stopped by Tex Tubbs for a quick drink around 11:15 this morning while waiting for Alchemy to open (we were going there for lunch). We were the only 3 in the joint and were told by the 3 staff members chatting at the bar to take a seat wherever. The bartender stopped by our table and we told him we told him the 3 draft beers we had chosen.

5-7 minutes later, the guy was still fiddling around behind the bar doing random stuff other than pouring us our beer. We were seated about 15 ft from the bar, so it was clear to see he had no intention of making his way towards pouring us beer in the next few minutes. We were very confused. The other two staff members were still chatting at the bar.

We decided to just get up and wait outside Alchemy after watching no progress after about 10 minutes. We asked the two girls chatting "Has he poured our beer yet?" They turn around and look at the bar "No, doesn't look like it." We were now more confused. We got up and made our way toward the exit and said "Thanks, we're going to go somewhere else." To which they responded "Sorry."

Tex Tubbs. Get it together or you won't make it, period.
Get the fish tacos! Guac is an excellent starter, and pair it w/ a frozen margarita. Ta da! your night is made!

I used to live in Madison, so every time i come home for a visit, i make sure to stop by.

LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
This place is terrible. I don't even want to talk about how loud it is and how bad the food was. The walls are shiny and change with the television, which is disorienting, there are children running and crying, the floor is wet and dirty. 
The server stopped by....but only to bring us carryout materials and basically asking us to leave. Yikes.

I guess I could get drunk here though, it's pretty cheap.
The tacos are so great! Try the pork and pineapple one! It is a little pricey when you think of a taco stand (which it definitely isn't!). The ambiance is great. Good margaritas!
My review is of Tex Tubb's catering service/food (which is very much a slimmed-down version of the in-restaurant menu):

Tacos! For a wedding! YES!

This may be the most talked-about part of our reception. A taco buffet was a unique choice, but it was one that everyone loved. Crystal, the catering manager, worked with us to create a slightly custom menu from their usual catering options and then they ended up bringing even more food than we expected. While this was great, it did feel a little wasteful. Since Tex Tubb's does a "drop off" catering service with disposable chafing dishes, etc. we were left with a lot of food and taco shells at the end of the night. Thankfully the staff at the venue were happy to take the extras (along with extra wedding cake!) to nibble on before going home and to have a football party the next day!

At first I though the pricing was high for being tacos, but they had so many sides and options (great for meat eaters, veggies, vegans, etc) and TONS of chips & salsa that, considering the catering market in Madison, I feel we got a decent value. They definitely made for a fun wedding meal!
I went there not knowing if I would have "Texas" tacos. Yes they do and they have a nice variety of them. Started off with the guacomole . Generous size and very well seasoned. They serve you unlimited chips. You pick out your salsa at the salsa bar! Good selcetions for anyones taste. Red and green of course. I ordered the 3 taco plate with refried beans and rice. Other options are available. The surprise came when our waitress asked if I wanted all 3 Pork or did I want to mix and match! I said sure. You can have one of each variety offered. Now YOU know! I could have sworn our waitress was from the Great State but she said no. Must be something she picked up in working for Tubb's. My friend asked if they had Lone Star beer. She said sure! Will wonders never cease. The taco's came out on fluffy shells, Fresh and tasty. No room for dessert. The meal was satisfying and inexpensive. Try them out!
Johnny Chitown
Yummers. As an Austinite, I give Tex Tubb's my stamp of approval. All of their veggie tacos are super delicious, and I'm a big fan of their tomate salsa (the mild one). The avocado frite taco is probably my favorite though. I wish they wouldn't charge for chips and salsa but their chips are pretty good. Also, their 2 taco platters a great value. 2 tacos and a side for $7.99. Their house-pickled veggies are delicious.
I have been here several times in the past few months, both with my kids and without.  On Monday nights kids eat free (with purchase of adult meal), which is handy for families but if you want a kid-free night Monday may not be the night to go.  The service was consistently outstanding, even during a very busy lunch time.  The servers explained the salsa bar (loved the flavors) and brought drinks out right away.  On our last visit, my youngest daughter asked for "just grapes" as her side dish before I could stop her - fruit or fries are offered on the kids' menu.  Sure enough, a little dish with only grapes came out on her plate.
This review is based on the 'Straight Up Flight' I had at Tex Tubb's.  We had already had a great meal at Eldorado Grill but the bar was really full when we were done so we headed to Tex Tubb's for a drink.  I tried the Straight Up Flight at the bar there...I got to try the Palace, Mezcal, and Prickly Pear Margarita.  I have to say - I love a good sampler.  It's so hard to make a choice when there are so many new things you've never had.  The Palace and Mezcal were fine - the Prickly Pear was wonderful!  Now I know what to order next time.  Atmosphere and service was also great!
Nachos. I only get the nachos. I don't try anything but the nachos. The nachos are good. The nachos are sooo good! 

In other related feedback, the staff is what pushed it up to the 5 star mark. I never cared to go back when I first tried the Tex Tubb's 3 years ago. But tried it once more on a family suggestion and it is now in my top 5 of Madison and am a monthly regular. I should note that Mexian food is my comfort food--a strange thing for a Gringo who grew up 1500 miles from the border. Now this is mostly Mexican and tex-mex inspired food and may not meet the note of some purists but it does all the essentials very well. The salsa and guacamole is good. The pork is fantastic! To clarify I get both the guac and pork on the nachos and would strongly suggest you do the same.
Fantastic.   I was skeptical based on some reviews.  We gave it a shot for Valentine's Day. 

I don't enjoy paying for chips, but in combo with queso and guac it's not so bad. The guac is amazing and the salsa bar was ok. I do however think a salsa bar would have more than 4 options, right?  Doesn't a bar make you think there are multiple choices and by multiple I mean more than 4?  

That being said, our tacos were great.  I hate sweet potato fries, but being an adventerous eater I tried them.  I LOVED them, it was the sea salt and the made to order piece that did it, I'm sure.  

Thursday all day happy hour is a deal. I recommend the prickly pear on the rocks, peach frozen and the cherry frozen. 

Service - attentive courteous and knowledgeable about the food and menu.
When I think about what a taco palace should be, this is it. Huge, delicious selection of tacos, a salsa bar and a pretty decent craft brew list.

The tacos are served on two thin white corn tortillas and topped so high it's hard to eat  with a fork or spilling all over yourself. I just ordered two tacos (without the sides) and was plenty full. This was a great stop before heading to One Barrel Brewing, which is two doors down.
I was skeptical but this place exceeded my expectations. They charge for chips and salsa (something about that bugs me) and that is my only complaint. 

Found a parking spot right out front, right away. We had a large party so we called ahead. Our table was ready when we got there. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I felt like they took really good care of us without hovering the party. Drinks came out fast (Good beer selection actually). $3 Two Hearted Drafts! The margaritas were outstanding, in my opinion. They have a salsa bar which is a huge plus. Chips were fresh, so was the guac. My tacos (El Pastor, Carne with a Verde Sauce, and Chipotle Beef) were not very authentic but I was expecting that since its Tex - Mex (this isn't a complaint). Anything they lacked in authenticity was a twist to make the food more interesting. Prices were not bad at all. Try the pickled vegetables; they are shockingly good. (I can't believe I wrote that). 

Overall a good spot to try for something different.
We do enjoy Tex Tubbs Taco Palace. Ambiance is kind of cool. The ingress and egress at the entrance is unwieldy. When it's packed, there's no room to get to the restrooms or to the salsa bar, or even around the bar. There's no place for waiting people, to wait. On a Friday night after 6 p.m., we were seated right away. After we arrived, it got really packed. For an appetizer, we got the chips and guacamole. It was $6.99, which seemed pricey to me. But it was delicious. Salsa "bar" has only 4 salsas, and is hard to maneuver when there's more than one person at it. Salsa containers are tiny, so you have to negotiate the crowd to get back to it, and hope you don't spill your salsa on the way back to your table. "Flight" of 3 frozen margaritas for $7 is a bargain and very delicous. Hit the spot! I had the crispy Tilapia tacos, and my partner had the Green Chicken Chili. Both were delicious, but both of us thought they were dry. I had to put a lot of salsa on mine to make it not so dry. Otherwise, it was awesome. Our server, Jennifer, was a delight. She does the baking, and that particular day was National Mango Day, so she had baked Mango Margarita Cupcakes. We took one home, and my partner devoured it. It was awesome. Cupcakes were $3 a piece. It took a long time to get our food, but I attributed that to how busy it was. And we were happy eating chips and guacamole from our window seats. We had planned to use a gift card, and Jennifer kindly added chips and salsa to our take-out order so we got to our gift card total (can't use that particular gift cert to include with the tip). All in all, a great experience. Only downside was the dryness of the entrees.
Delicious pitchers of Margaritas!  Not watered down with some real taste.
We stopped by late for nachos and drinks.
Service was great and had to order a second pitcher.
I found the waitstaff a bit pushy, but the food was great.  Really a good deal for the amount and quality of food you get.  Love how you are able to choose from a selection of very unique tacos.  The three plate taco deal is the best.  I especially love the backyard BBQ taco.  I keep coming back to this place, although the margaritas could be a bit stronger!
I end up here once a month - mostly drawn by the lovely cocktails. Service is slow and the menu has grown stale. No lunch menu, which is a bummer.
The pickled veggies are a highlight. The brisket torta I had was amazingly good-- the brisket was perfectly smoked, and there were all kinds of sweet and savory and fatty and salty flavors going on with chewy crunchy gooiness on very nice torta bread. I talked about it for like three days straight.

Sometimes, unfortunately, Tex Tubb's can be a little inconsistent-- we go pretty often, and it seesaws from being pretty good to really amazing. I don't know what the variables are, but they seem to have been able to lean closer to amazing over the past year or so, and I hope they can land there permanently.

They have brunch now, too! (Haven't tried it yet-- mean to, but keep forgetting)
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because it is pricy for tacos. 
That being said, these are gourmet tacos and Very very good tacos, large portions.

 We got the guac and unlimited chips ($6.99) the guac and chips were very good. 

3 taco dinner ($10.99) + $1.50 substitute for Tortilla soup (which was darn good, great with the chips too!). 
Tacos: Carne Asade con Salsa verde
Al Pastor w Pineapple
slow roasted pork something (wife got) 

All were very good, fresh and delicious. Add one beer and 1 soft drink and $26 total. 

As I said, a bit pricy, individual tacos are $3.50 each. But for fresh ingredients, good service and a gourmet selection, I would go back on occasion or maybe for a happy hour or meal deal. 

Very good.
YAY!  Delicious tacos and margaritas.  I was insanely impressed with the vegetarian options on the taco menu- not just beans, lettuce and tomatoes.  The vegetable tostada was by far my favorite and my carnivorous man loved the pork belly taco.  The jicama slaw was bomb too.  We both woke up the next day wanting more....
Awesome.  Completely unique tacos and flavors.  Sweet potato fries are awesome and service was fast.  Will be back!!!!
There's so much to love at Tubb's! For starters, the salsa bar is incredible (I can never get enough of the medium salsa). The taco selection is impressive and almost always a sure-bet, though I would stay away from the House-Smoked Chicken taco, which I thought was a little dry. However, my favorite thing might be the Jicama Slaw (I wish I could get it as a side with more dishes). Everything is well-priced, especially during Happy Hour ($3 frozen margaritas!). It might not be as good as the best tex-mex you would get in Texas, but it sure is the best you'll find in the Midwest.
Went for dinner the other night.  The salsa bar is the best part of the meal.  We both got the Frito Burrito.  LOTS of filler - rice/beans. Don't know that we'll go back.
I'm basing my three star review on the service and the variety of non-meat options on the menu.  The food itself only earns two stars, in my opinion.  We tried the chips and salsa as well as a variety of tacos and sides.  Apparently, the only way they know how to add flavor is to add more salt.  The chips, salsa and sweet potato fries were way, way too salty, but the tacos lacked any flavor.  The various taco fillings were dry and bland.  Compared to other Madison tex-mex restaurants (El Dorado or Pasqual's) T Tubb's is definitely last on my list.

Their menu has a lot of variety, but maybe they need to slim it down and perfect some of the basics.  Their service was outstanding though!  Our waiter was pleasant and efficient.
I just realized I hadn't updated this review in quite some time... I've been back to TTTP 5-6 times since 2010, and as Ashley H notes, they have been making changes, most of which are for the better.

The salsa bar remains solid, and I absolutely do not mind paying for chips. The guacamole is tasty. The tacos have improved, but have still been a bit light on flavor; on many occasions, the beef/chicken/pastor have been well-made, but rather bland. Don't be afraid to season-up, Tex!

Where I continue to struggle with this place is the service. It's always so slow. It seems to take forever to get a drink refill, be it a water, soda, or beer. I'm not sure why that is... 

So... Tex - how about we kick it up a notch in the spice, flavor, and speedy departments? Then we'd be looking at a solid 4-4.5 or even a 5-star rating!
Been there a few times and never had a bad taco.  Flavor combinations are amazing.  The pork belly taco is the best taco I have ever had.
Get the Klenex folks...
It's a year after I moved to Madison-
and I'm going back through the files,
reviewing the first few places that I grabbed grub in town when I arrived. 
(It's about to get sentimental up in hurrr.) 

Tex Tubb's doesn't make the best taco I've ever eaten. 
(Let me explain.)
I lived in Arizona for 7 years, so when it comes to tacos, you're never going to convince me that something in Madison is going to be just as good as the deliciousness that is the southwest. Sorry Wisconsin. A place in Milwaukee comes close (thanks Rachel) and I do enjoy Madison's mex, but it's not the same. Somebody could make a killing in this town preparing authentic Mexican cuisine. We certainly have the growing season.

With that said, Tex Tubb's has a lot of things going for it. 

First off, it's not a Mexican restaurant. I think a lot of people would feel differently if they understood this going in. You're going to have to pay for chips and salsa, you're not going to find menudo or tripe or even carne seca for that matter. But what you will find is a taste of Texas in the midwest. Fried avocados, BBQ shredded beef and taco salads piled so high that they touch the ceiling. (Ok not really, that's a hyperbole.) Flavor combinations are inventive and deliver and I like the choose your own adventure nature of it all, assembling a taco platter and adding sides. You can't snag sweet potato fries at a taco joint in Tucson, but you can on Atwood and for that I'm grateful. I'm also grateful of the hip but not hipster vibe, there's a difference and you should ask me about my feelings on the subject if you care. It caters to kiddies, and while I don't have any, my very first meal in Madison was shared with some, so I dig that. 

Service can be slow, spice is right for Wisconsin but weak for heat lovers, and I'd love to see some seasonal switch ups. Other than those 3 things, the place gets high marks for what they're trying to do.
I went to Tex Tubb's with a larger sized group -- about 8 -- for a small birthday celebration a little while back. Despite my review of two stars, let me start off by saying I think I was there on a bad day for service and they deserve a second chance. Our meal was an assortment of errors and mistakes, but despite that the food was good and portions were good. I think on a different night, we'd see something different.

I had the tamale special, which was tasty. However, I had ordered chicken and not pork. Not cool, but no big thing for me. The birthday girl's drink order went in and disappeared into a void. The time for food to come out of the kitchen was inordinately long. Personally, I thought our waitress was great and totally on top of things and the kitchen was just lost in the sauce that evening. 

There were other errors, but most of them were not major...just a cluster of minors. The food was still good and I'll be back for a second visit. Hopefully they'll be better sorted by then.
I think Tex Tubbs does veggie tacos better than the meat tacos. I had the 2 taco plate today with the Hot Mama (Fried chicken soaked in house made buffalo sauce,
with fresh lettuce, julienned celery, pico de gallo, and sour cream in a handmade corn tortilla) and the Grilled Portabella Mushroom taco (Fresh spinach, roma tomatoes, crumbled goat cheese, toasted pumpkin seeds, and roasted poblano 
sour cream in a handmade corn tortilla.) The Hot Mama was very disappointing. If you love buffalo chicken you should not get this taco. I didn't get any of that hot buffalo flavor at all, mostly celery. And the fried chicken was just so sad. KFC has better fried chicken. This chicken had no flavor at all. I also got a side of the jicama slaw which had very little jicama in it, a couple of slices of mango, but lots of mayo and cabbage. Bland city. Put some caraway seeds in there or something. 

The one thing they did do right was the Portabella taco. The mushroom was marinated and sliced into strips and the goat cheese was tangy and perfect. 

Service was really slow. I walked in by myself around noon today and waited around for five minutes to be seated because no one was watching the front. Also, my server dropped my check off while I was in the middle of eating. Kind of presumptuous and rude. 

In summary, stick with the veggie tacos and stay away from their jicama slaw.
A second visit to Tex Tubbs still left me feeling "meh" about the place. They claim to be an Austin taco spot, so I hold them to Austin taco standards. That being said, they fall short. 

Their salsas are much better than most places in town. The guacamole is good. They serve Lonestar, Shiner, and Tito's Vodka, which is cool. The tacos, however, just lack the flavor profiles of a great Texas taco. 

Good margarita specials on certain week nights.
Everything is awesome
I always get the shredded beef burrito. This is the best burrito in Madison, WI, and it's not even close. So if you want a great beef burrito and you live in Madison, eat here.
is there anything in life the vegan nachos at tex tubb's wouldn't make better, i wonder?
yesterday, i put it to the test......

i came out of a job interview with my head ready to explode and when i looked up into the heavens and asked, what do i need? show me where to go....  tex tubb's was the answer.
ahhhh....yes.  if i was norman and i had a cheers, this could be it. 

i just needed a soft place to land, with pretty colored lights strung around window sills, tattoed (and cute) servers and a nice little bar that didn't have a tv blaring in my face or some guy 'hey babying' me.....and more pretty colored lights.  the retro chairs helped take me back in time and i could start to forget that i had just had a very grown-up experience.

this is veg comfort food to my nth degree.  crispy, fatty, salt-kissed chips with some nice gooey 'cheese' and an amazing cilantro sour cream substitute all piled super high....it makes me feel like i'm being extra good to myself. 
       "go ahead, you're worth it,"  they whisper to me.
 
as i try to eat them somewhat strategically - the right ratio of bean, tomato, cheese, lettuce, olive, corn, sour cream to chip - they are messy, crunchy and yuuuummmmmyyyyyy.  i can think of nothing else and THAT was exactly what i needed.
Tex Tubbs is in my neighborhood but I don't go to it much. The food is more Americanized, especially the salsa, so if this sounds like your kind of thing, the service is always delightful (but not enough to go back very often).
Food was cold and the 12oz margaritas were way to expensive.  We just got 2 regular on the rocks and they totaled $15.  Come on they were not even top shelf.  Anyways, we got our food after a 30 minute wait and let's just say it was not hot.  Tacos were very small and barely anything in them.  I HATE complaining but this place is not what it used to be.  I didn't even know the one on University closed down.  Maybe we will try again this summer to see if it was just a fluke.
the food is always great. This is the place I bring out of town guests for something a little different but guaranteed to be delicious
Meh. 

It's fine. The tacos are pretty good. The salsa is okay. The margaritas seem way better when they're discounted.  ;-) 
This place is solid. I never mind going here, and I like it when I do. But it's never somewhere I decide to go of my own accord.
Returned after a long, well-deserved hiatus to find that the food has improved greatly. I had the chicken fajitas, and it was enough food for about three days, no kidding. The Mr. enjoyed his steak tacos, as well. Drinks are still ridiculously overpriced, but I'm finding it amazing how much of an impact switching to soda has on your overall bill, not just here, but everywhere.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in town. My wife and I have eaten here dozens of times. I've celebrated numerous events (birthdays, that kind of thing) here with friends, family, and coworkers.

I'll start with the margaritas. They're expensive if you compare them to some place that serves a BS mix poured into cruddy tequila. But these are real-deal margaritas, made with real squeezed lime juice, orange liqueur, and good tequila. You're not gonna get a 32oz monster like you would at Pedro's, but trust me... they are plenty strong. I've been working on my own margarita recipe for a while, and Tex Tubb's makes my second favorite margaritas in town.

The food... so good. I'm a big fan of the tacos. Our favorites are the green chile chicken (my wife usually orders just these, two or three of them), the hot mama, the house smoked pork, and the pork belly. Really just wonderful all around.

The wait staff is my favorite in town. They're very nice, funny, and helpful.
I like the reasonably priced, reliable and tasty black bean burrito (the "Wilmar") with its fresh avocado inside.  Too much noise and hubbub though to eat it there during the rush- better as take out.
The service here is consistently good.  They have margarita specials during happy hour, and the margaritas are pretty good.  There are 8 flavors of margaritas.  It's easy to sample the different kinds of margaritas because they do flights for their margaritas, which allow you to try 3 different margaritas.  The beer selection here is good too when you're not in the mood for a margarita.  There are a variety of tacos to choose from, and you can mix and match tacos when ordering multiple tacos.  My personal favorite is the chipotle braised beef taco.  It has a lot of flavor and a bit of a kick.
We went on a date here tonight and were very pleased once again!  The bacon wrapped jalapeos were to die for! We got 5 tacos, 2apps, and a margarita and our total was only $40! We will definitely be back!
Sort of like a chain restaurant that's not a chain restaurant that is a chain restaurant. As a member of the Food Fight mega local restaurant conglomerate you can count on inconsistency and quality ranging from mediocre to fairly decent.
Dude. Chips. And salsa. I know I'm late to the party, but if it were socially acceptable and those tubs were a lot bigger I would go swimming in the stuff. So good.
Lunch at Tex Tubbs was a treat! 

Service was warm and attentive, food was tasty and generous in portion, and the atmosphere was casual but inviting. 

The fajitas came out sizzling-hot, and were flavorful with just the right kick. I'd definitely recommend them! 

A huge thanks to Jessalyn, my server, for a fantastic experience. 

5 stars to y'all, thanks for the great afternoon break.
Favorite taco joint in Madison, hands down. Great chips and salsa. Love the Backyard BBQ taco and the Chorizo & Black Bean taco. The enchiladas are delicious too. They've got my beloved Lone Star and Cholula always on hand. 

The only downside is that their frozen margs might as well be N/A. I'd suggest upgrading to a Palace Margarita or sticking to beer.

All day Happy Hour Tuesday & Thursday.
Had my second visit to Tex's and it was better than the first. First visit was Tacos on a busy Friday. The sat me at the bar and the food and service was excellent. Went for lunch and had the enchiladas. The variety of items is awesome I had three different  enchiladas with three different sauces and the food was great. Can't go wrong at this place.They also have a great bar selection. Parking can be difficult but well worth it for a great meal.
Not the best fusion American-Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. I ordered three tacos and only the el pastor and pineapple was worth ordering again. The spicy margarita was good, the atmosphere was very relaxed, but the food itself was lacking.
I've been to Tex Tubb's Taco Palace many times - how did I never do a review?  First - it has Palace in the name...which is a selling point for me!  I have never been disappointed here and last night was no exception.  This place is awesome - they have a great vibe - trendy without pretentious - subtle yet absurd.  You can't go wrong with the tacos.  As a matter of fact last night I had my favorite to date which was the Chipotle braised beef taco.  YUM!!!  Do yourself a favor and step out of that national chain restaurant and head over to TTTP - they are part of the Food Fight *locally* owned group.  You won't be disappointed (unless you don't like really good tacos then you might be ; )
Their queso and chips are right up there with some of the best. The guacamole is pretty outstanding as well. Margaritas are delicious but pricey. I like the tacos, but they lack seasoning. I always find myself putting salt or hot sauce on them to elevate the flavor. That alone will not keep me away from this place. Check it out for something different!
I have no clue why I have lived in Madison for 20 years and have still never gone here! A friend and I did lunch there today and had a good time. The server was incredibly attentive and genuinely nice. We got a seat by the window and ordered pretty quickly, since I suppose we both know what we like as far as Mexican food goes. I got the giant burrito with a side of guacamole. And a bloody mary. I'm fairly picky about my bloody Mary's and this one was good! It had tons of garnish and was just spicy enough and didn't have too much horseradish. The burrito that I ordered was also delicious. I got it with shredded beef and the beef was a little bit on the dry side, but overall it was very tasty. Sometimes I shy away from saying anything good or bad about food fight restaurants, because they are food fight restaurants. There's something a little bit corporate about them. But our server and his demeanor reassured me that it is a local business and they do take pride in being local. I will most likely be back again!
I had fun here. I am not sure how authentic the food is but it tasted good. The margaritas were good too. This restaurant also donates to schools for community events so I think supporting them is a nice idea.
Dinner here on Friday, May 17 at around 7:30pm. The place was *packed* - and I mean, P-A-C-K-E-D. Barely any room to stand while waiting for a table; we somehow snagged two bar stools, which was completely lucky.

- Needs more waiting space. Between waiting patrons and the bustling staff, there are a lot of collisions and congestion in a critical area (the bar and host station).

- Need more bartenders. Those poor folks were jumping the entire time, and unfortunately, it took a long time to get drinks. The bartenders did an admirable job of acknowledging folks (a quick smile and a, "We'll be right with you," goes a long way, and is truly appreciated).

+ Awesome margaritas. 
+ Decent selection of bottled brews
+ Limited tap selection; happy to see collaboration brews on tap, though

+ Updated menu has some pleasant additions (brisket tacos!!!!)
+ Our server was fun, although a bit slow. I suspect it was because of how busy things were. Seemed like a nice guy, and was very enthusiastic and helpful regarding the menu.

+ GENEROUS food portions. I didn't think I'd ever struggle to put away three ala cart tacos, but boy howdy, was I *full* afterward. Wowsers. 
+ Quality seems to have greatly improved, in addition to portion sizes. Very pronounced flavor profiles - I was quite pleased

+ Good value, even if our server forgot to comp us on the chips/salsa (when you check-in with the Yelp app, you're awarded a free order of chips/salsa, but we still got charged the $2.95). Not a big deal, just a minor annoyance.
The staff is incredible. The veggie tacos are original and delicious. The atmosphere is very hip. I love the music. Great salsa bar.  Another of my "when in Madison we gotta go to" top choices.
Great little taco joint in the Atwood neighborhood! We went for lunch the other day and each got a taco platter. I love that there are many types of tacos to choose from with unique flavor profiles. I got the blackened fish (good, but not remarkable) and the house-made pork (AMAZING). We also shared some queso. I had the jicama slaw on the side which was a little too creamy and bland. That aside, the overall meal and service was very good, so I'd be happy to go back.
I pretty much love this place. The decor is fun, the food is pretty gosh darn delicious, and the location is ideal for us. The seating is a bit tight and it can get noisy, but the valiant and good natured staff does the best they can under these circumstances, so even when service isn't ideal, it's still fine. 

The margaritas are solid, even if occasionally uneven in sweetness to sourness balance. The beer selections seem good to me, but I defer to Steve L. to opine on that.

The one, two or three taco dinners are a great deal, you can mix and match from several chicken and pork options as well as steak and tilapia. Toppings are fresh, I love the crunch of shredded cabbage, and the handmade corn tortillas are so light and tender. I would love to see some shrimp offerings as well. I haven't had a bad one yet, and the serve yourself salsa bar makes it easy to customize your dish with the flavors and heat levels you prefer. Portions are generous, I always have enough left over for lunch the next day.
Hands down the best jalapeo poppers in the country!  Awesome, fun place.  Great staff and great drinks.  Go there and try it - don't need to say more!! A new weekly stop for my family!
I really could not find one thing wrong with this place. We went here on a Friday night about 7:00 for a birthday celebration. There was a short wait, but it was a nice night so we did not mind standing outside until our table was ready. We all had a cocktail, mine being a Margarita which was on the rocks, and very tasty. We also had chips and salsa for an appetizer. I like that they have a salsa bar where you choose your salsa from several options. Three of the four we tried had lot of heat (which I love!!) but some may find them too hot. We consumed two baskets of chips while waiting for our meals. I ordered the El Cubano Taco platter, and it was delicious!  You can get it with two or three tacos, two were plenty for me.  The tacos were pork on corn tortillas, full of flavor. The platter comes with a choice of sides, but I went with black beans and rice. They both tasted fresh, and the black beans were exceptionally good. You may say "how good can black beans be?" but these had taste, were not mushy, and definitely not from a can. I ate every bite on my plate. My husband had the Frito Burrito with chicken, which he let me sample.  I always use the "I need to try it for the Yelp review" excuse to taste other's food!  First of all it was MASSIVE in size, and very tasty. He had no complaints either and the burrito was gone at the end of dinner.  Since it was my son's birthday, we asked about birthday treats and they offered him a shot of tequila, which I thought was a nice touch.  Our waitress was on top of her game, checking on us and refilling water.  The water was much appreciated after sampling the salsa!  The place was packed the entire time we were there.  Bottom line...a good time was had by all, tasty food was eaten and we cannot wait to go back!
For those of us who are gluten-free, two of the simplest cuisines to opt for eating out are Sushi or Mexican/Tex-Mex.

Tex Tubbs serves the latter very well, and I think they currently win for my favorite taco place in Madison.

Service is pretty good, even when they get crazy-busy on the weekends, and if you're a margarita fan, you definitely need to give theirs a try.
This is my favorite Mexican food in town. Great prices, great high quality ingredients, and just overall good.

Kid friendly, funky atmosphere, great beer selection.

I like the pork and chorizo tacos the best.
Nothing terribly exciting here. I had the chicken fajita, as did a friend, and we both agreed that it was rather bland. If anything it actually tasted pretty awful. My partner on the other hand had the Atwood burrito and he couldn't stop raving about it. To each his own. Their margaritas kept me happy, though. Oh! We did get free chips and salsa for checking in thanks to good 'ole Yelp! So that helped some.
The food is easily 4 or 5 stars. I'm giving it 3 for everything else that was just abysmal. I've gotten the taco plater a few times and all the tacos I've tried are great. The boyfriend got the frito burrito and loved it. 

The room we ate in was the large one in the back. It was obnoxiously loud due to a large group there. We all left with pounding headaches. Several babies cried from the noise a few times -- no joke. The service was also painfully slow. I got water and somehow that took longer than multiple drinks from the bar. It took 10 minutes to get a refill and over 10 just to get the waitress to take the check. Restaurants shouldn't make it hard for you to pay. 

The food is so good I'll be back or at least get takeout from there, but this particular experience left a sour taste in my mouth. Free chips when you check in on yelp though!
It kills me to give a Food Fight establishment 2.5 stars.  But the food was not very good.  I mean, it was fresh, but the flavor was kinda gross.  Had chips, guac, and queso.  Pretty standard, no real complaints except that I would expect more creativity from this restaurant brand.  The tacos though...I don't know what was up with the shell.  They were supposed to be soft shell corn tortillas, I thought mine were flour until I started on the second one, then thought maybe they were corn.  Whatever they were, they were so gross.  Now, the inside of the tacos were fine (portabella and spinach).  It was just hard to get past the weird-tasting shell.  I also had the jicama slaw, which was spicy yet flavorless.  I had to put a ton of salt and pepper on them.  I'd be willing to give this place one more try, but I'm not super confident that it will be better next time.  I think that's just how the food tastes.  On a side note, I used to frequent a quirky tex-mex place (not in Madison) that had the same vibe, but incredible food.  So it can be done.
I freakin' love Tex Tubbs. 

Please note: this is not a Mexican restaurant. There's not much authentically Mexican about their dishes...but they don't claim for there to be. This is Tex-Mex, and damn good Tex-Mex at that.

Get the taco platter, always. My favorites are the Avocado Frito (because avocado is absolutely at its best when fried) and the El Pastor & Pineapple. Their rice & beans are great, but the chipotle sweet potato fries with complementing mayo are where its at.

Go on Tuesdays when they have all-day happy hour. Their margaritas are amaaaaaaaaaazing...and cheap during happy hour!
Just opened this month, the place is set up really well.  The inner part actually has lighting that makes it look like you are sitting in an outdoor plaza.  Right now, I think because they just opened they are incredibly overstaffed, but that isn't a bad thing.  The food was excellent and different from the normal mexican cuisine.  My friend had an avacado enchilada that was amazing...and very different!  My fajita chicken salad with guacamole and zesty lime dressing was perfect, and the latest boytoy had something with an egg on it that he finished completely.  My friend is vegetarian, and there were tons of options.  For dessert we had a dulce de leche cheesecake that was perfect!  The staff was friendly and willing to please, I'll definitely go back! 5 Stars.
My fear with mexican restaurants is that at the end, they're just another Chilli's or Pedro's disguised.

And sadly, I have to say, well.. this is yet another one.

I think I just must not be very keen on mexican food, and all I'm interested is in a margarita. 

Although I will say that pretty much everyone else in our party enjoyed the food, so KNOWING my issue with mexican cuisine.... eh

I will give the restaurant 3 stars only because it is LARGE and you feel that you're not elbowing with the next person (or maybe it's because of the high ceilings).

I bet the Middleton peeps are excited about all the progress and development in their area though... Hmmm.
Ok, I should have known that a restaurant whose full name is 'Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy' wasn't a good place to come to eat after being in Los Angeles for ten years.   I got excited about an enchilada with shrimp and scallops.  I asked if I could get it without the guacamole and her response was "Then what do you want in it?"  

"What do I want in it?"  Granted I may have been exhausted from lack of sleep and a cramped flight, but I lost all interest in that dish.  My replacement option was ok, Chile Manzanillo with crab, shrimp and scallops, but there was too much cheese/sauce covering up the taste of the seafood.  

It does get a star for not being busy at 7PM.  Granted, I am used to having to wait with other LA diners when I eat out.  There was a lot of space.  

Also, the chips were very thin .... felt like they would break under the weight of the salsa.
Food is good but not close to great.  Service is very good.  When we are going to do Mexican we usually go somewhere else, for about 10 - 15% less we can get a comparable or better meal elsewhere.  You cant beat the chips and salsa though which why I give it 4 instead of 3 stars.
They have a separate vegetarian menu!  The tables are spaced well and you do not feel cramped.  I love the thin chips!  My niece had plenty to choose from on the kids menu and they gave her an entire coloring book.  The wait was only a few minutes while they reset the table (on a Sat. night).  I was out with some very picky eaters and server easily made any changes they asked for.  When they say the plates are hot, they really mean it.
The first thing I saw when I walked in was a huge, vaguely creepy statue and I noticed that the whole place smelled like bacon and old person.  I chose to eat outside.  The waiter, who was very nice and attentive, asked if I would like the queso with my chips and, like an idiot I said yes.  I got charged $5 for what was basically a dish of sticky Velveeta.  The beans also tasted of bacon and the chicken in the enchilada was very salty.  The quacamole and the rice were quite good.  If you want mexican food, La Hacienda or El Dorado Grill are much better options.
This kind of creepy chain with a very creepy statue that greets you has succeeded in taking all the Mexican and Mexicans out of "Mexican Food." 

While the balance of salt and fat on the large plate was pleasing to the tongue, it seemed pretty clear to me that nothing gets chopped or really prepared here, just reheated.

There was nothing wrong with the food, but I do not know why anyone would seek Abuelo's out. Maybe the pictures on the menu make people feel safe?

They are very generous with the chips and salsa. And the flaky light chips are especially addictive.
I know this place gets a lot of knocks for not being authentic, but the service is good, the food's fine and the decor is interesting.  To me, anyway.  They have this odd mashed potato side-dish thingy that you'll either love or hate.  Chips and salsa are good and plentiful, and I had a superb mojito or twothree here this summer.  

Would I go out of my way to eat there?  Probably not, but if you were paying, I'd say, sure, let's go!
So I am in the the Middleton, WI area for work.  I am basically in the middle of nowhere.  I find a gem in Abuelo.  

Service: Good
Margarita's: FAB
Allows me to order a la carte: Check

Very enjoyable.  I will definitely return since I will be in the area for a few weeks.
It is what it is: a slightly upscale Americanized Mexican restaurant chain. If you're expecting "interior" food or another form of truly authentic Mexican food, you will be disappointed.

However, if you're a fan of the Americanized versions of the chimichanga, burrito, quesadilla, or enchilada, you'll probably enjoy Abuelos. They have wonderful chips and salsa: the chips are light and thin, the salsa is mild but offers a little kick toward the end.

The entrees are large but do carry a slightly ambitious price; most plates run between $9 and $14. Drinks tend to be pricey across the board... $2.50 for a soda?

Service is prompt and professional, and the interior is large, open, airy, and clean. All in all, you're likely to have a very pleasant dining experience so long as you recognize you're frequenting a chain restaurant that is to "authentic" Mexican food as Olive Garden is to authentic/rustic Italian food.

I'm a fan. I'll go back - their seared tuna, chimichangas, and papas fritas are tasty.
THEY MUST REALLY HATE WISCONSIN
Okay, so why, when the largest population of immigrants to the U.S. is mexican, did I go to a chain restaurant in the middle of a suburb when you could go to a smaller, less expensive place with better food and eat there?  And who hates Wisconsin?

First, it was late (2:30PM), and we didn't want to go too far.  We were staying near the Green-something Mall. 

Second, if there were any mexicans working in the kitchen of Abuelo's (meaning "grandfather" in spanish) they must really hate Wisconsin or have originally migrated there from Sweden, 'cause the food was just passable as mexican.  Ah, I see now that in Mexico, our "grandfather" never cooks.  I should have looked for a restaurant called Abuela's.

This place has the potential to be filled all the time because the food is too good to pass up.  It has the atmosphere of a beautiful mexican estate (not farm or ranch), and plenty of room to accomodate people.  I have never been there at night, so I have no idea.

Chips - stale, already a bad sign because we were not drunk to not notice.  We were starving, though, so we ate them.

Appetizers - Queso and guacamole - Guacamole was great.  Queso is a preference, but it was little thin and lacked, and I am surprised to say it in Wisconsin of all places, a CHEESE flavor.  Maybe it was too much milk in the mix.  A hint of red pepper and a thicker consistency is needed.

Drinks - Big, quick and good.  Nice presentation, no issue.

Fajita tacos - steak meat was nicely served and passable to okay.  It may have been overmarinated, but the plate should be hot and sizzling.  Check my review of Uncle Julio's Hacienda - much better in Chicago.

Fixings - about two lbs of grilled onion, two rings of green pepper, no tomato or japapeno.  Mexican beans were great, guacamole, cheese, cilantro were all fresh.

Salsa - thin and bitter, meaning they used stems or it was a bit too old.  It could have been the last of the batch (again due to the late arrival).

Guacamole - the only shining light; it was flavorful, fresh and perfectly seasoned.  

Service - passable, but I only got one refill on my ice tea at 2:30PM (1 of 5 tables in this 5000 sq ft place).

We were the hot, tired, starving people with moola looking to spend  some bucks on amazing food - not spicy, not piled high, not super high quality, but well executed, hot (or properly cold), inviting, simple dishes that people will order by the HUNDREDS and have a line at any time of the day.  At the time we went, I felt this place really needs to work on the execution at any time of the day.  If their lunch or dinner is great, which I expect it would be with all the turnover at that time, then they have to do well at ANY time of the day.  

I think they could really be the BEST upscale mexican place in the entire Madison area and crush everyone if they stick to a couple of things:
- Fresh
- Hot when hot, cold when cold
- Execute the simple perfectly (i.e. salsa, chips)
- Anytime and everytime
Delicious margaritas! And for a few dollars more it is possible to supersize them! My dinner was bacon-wrapped beef tenderloin medallions and shrimp. It was a treat for the taste buds.  The chile rellenos, two chile peppers stuffed with shredded beef and doused in cheese, were also good.  But, the true star at Abuelo's is the margarita.  Warning: one supersized margarita can make you feel very happy.  Two would be dangerous.
Abuelo's is an expensive tex-mex chain restaurant in an area surrounded by other expensive chain restaurants.  For the price you pay, you would expect great food, right?  Wrong.  The food at Abuelo's is passable, but doesn't hold a candle to any of the other comparable restaurants in the Madison area.

The meat in my enchiladas wasn't the highest quality, but from what I saw from my companion's dishes, the quality of the ingredients didn't seem to be a problem.  It all tastes fine but is way over-priced.  The menu isn't very interesting, either.  There are a few (maybe two or three) interesting dishes but overall the menu is catered to those with unadventurous tastes.  Although you can get enchiladas filled with spinach or avocado, which is a nice touch for vegetarian diners.

The service is fine but could be better.  The last time we visited, the waiter was a young kid (probably still in high school) and he wasn't that friendly, although he was familiar with the menu and answered all of our questions.  He was attentive as well.

One final thing that irks me is the name of this place.  "Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy"?  Are you kidding me?  "Food Embassy?"  Talk about pretentious.  Maybe if the food wasn't so lackluster, it wouldn't annoy me so much.

Abuelo's is okay but is definitely not a place you should seek out.  Even if you're in the area and looking desperately for a place to grab a bite, there are plenty of other restaurants to choose from.  Middleton has something around sixty restaurants; you shouldn't have to settle for this one.  However, if your friends are big fans of Pedro's and you want to slowly ease them up to finer Mexican cuisine, this might be your first step.
Ok, it's a chain, and it shows, but our 14-year-old boy LOVED the chimichanga fajitas. Any place where he's willing to venture beyond his "usual" fare is a place that I appreciate.
Food was ok. Guacamole tasted ok but a menu partner was Cavalo. This company makes guacamole for a living. Is their guacamole really fresh?  

They sent a mixed message with music, a cross between classic rock and pop in a great Latin atmosphere.  While I know it was Monday night and probably no need for a band, they could have done better with the music selection.

At 7:00 PM parking lot lights between them and PF Changs were completely out - It's fall reset your timers or check your photocell.
Mexico sure is a long way from Wisconsin, and I walked into Abuleo's with a certain amount of resignation that it was probably going to be a bad meal.  Well, I got a pleasant surprise and Abuleo's gets a solid 3 stars because I really liked my food.  The dip trio is a combination of 2 warm dips (cheese and chili & cheese) and 1 chilled avocado dip.  For some reason, our group of 5 stuck the dips right in front of me with the idea that table would share, but I kept eating the dips during the entire meal because all 3 tasted great with chips.

I also got the fajita tacos with steak, and the meat was tender and flavorful.  It kind of doesn't matter whether or not mashed potatoes are a Mexican side dish - they were good!  My plate also came with a scoop of guacamole and lettuce & tomato that you almost eat like a salad.  The genius is in the details, though, and the cooks really had their thinking caps on when they did this.  Check it out: my flour tortillas and the warm steak filling would get cold fast if touching a cold plate.  So my soft tacos were sitting on top of a room temperature corn tostada, held in place by a small dab of beans on the plate.  The first time I had ever this, and yet so clever.

I didn't have room for dessert, but if I did, I would have gotten the chocolate explosion.  One person was hoping that it wouldn't come out on the receipt that way, since we have to submit copies of everything in order to get reimbursed, but sure enough it said "chocolate explosion."  She got her dessert to-go, and the next day we teased her and asked whether any chocolate explosion got on her hotel room walls or ceiling.  That question was met with silence.
Mediocre food with low quality ingredients.
Great atmosphere! I love to sit at the bar and order nachos or enchiladas and hang out with my husband. The service and food are good.
Like the place. I stop in here for business lunch on occasion. Food is good, It's never busy. Kind of wonder how they stay in business - they always seem overstaffed.
Visited while on work trip.  Food was yummy.  Service was kinda slow as we only had an hour lunch break and were late back to our conference.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. Guacamole was delicious.  We needed more chips and they were not refilled until after our meals came... overall ok and I would visit again.
The place is amazing in it's look inside. Like Janet said you could have a wedding here it is so nice. 

The food was average. If they can step up the quality of food I would return and return again. 

The service was good when I went. They were nice and polite.
Abuelo's is OK. There is nothing fantastic about it. I ordered the Juarez. I asked that the cheese enchilada be beef instead. I was told it would be no problem. That did not happen. It came out cheese. I sat at the bar.  The bartender was nice. Run of the mill service. If you come here just know you're walking into a run of the mill Mexican restaurant.
I went here by my lonesome self on a Wednesday night, it was quite busy but there was no line.

The interior is really nice, they have murals of Mexican theme on their walls, and the ceiling is like one of those Vegas hotels. Noise level is not so bad either, it's a good place to take a date.

I had better Mexican food that is much cheaper too, but  we have to remember we're paying for ambiance too. I got the rib eye steak with enchiladas and a margarita, there's nothing special about their steak either, ordinary steak that you also get at Denny's. I love their tortilla chips with 4 kinds salsa, the chips are thin and crispy that goes well with the salsas, you just can't stop eating.

Lastly I give their service five stars, my server who's name is Madison is really friendly and attentive but not intrusive, my drink took a little longer to come (which I don't know why since the bar is not that busy) but I didn't mind at all because of her positive attitude. She even gave me extra salsa and chips to go when I told her I really like the chips.
What's good about this  place? Is it the bagged tortilla chips with chemical salsa, the Chi-Chi's feel, or the overpriced, bland food? I went here with low expectations and left wondering if I've ever felt worse about forty dollars being spent.
Abuelo's is a unique Mexican restaurant.  

It's not the "You're the only one speaking English authentic" type of restaurant.  It's also not a Taco Bell.

It's somewhere in between.  The typical mariachi-band is upgraded to Spanish language contemporary pop music.  The salsa portion of the expected chips and salsa appetizer are upgraded to a mix-your-own mild, sweet, and hot salsas.  I get the feel that it's a Roman-esque type of grandeur, yet it's a typical Mexican restaurant.   

My wife had the fajita tacos.  I had a combo platter that included an enchilada among other typical fare.  

As for the quality, I give Abuelo's credit for making a leap to gourmet type Mexican food.  It's a healthy step above the crummy ingredients and composition you'd find at cheaper places in town.  But it's also not Earth-shattering "ohmygodthisisthebestplaceihaveeverbeentoever!!" 

I was very pleased with the service.  Our food and drinks arrives without haste, and our server was on top of the chips and salsa situation.  

Abuelo's is a fine choice if you're in the mood for mexican and not wanting the typical bargain-basement type of mexican fare.  More importantly, the atmosphere and the service is what puts it above other restaurants of it's type.
This was my second visit here at the Madison location. I had the "chose your own" enchiladas platter the first time. It was overall decent but nothing special. The enchiladas are drenched in sauce and if you order ones with cheese sauce, it' overwhelming. This was the case this time when I tried the enchiladas de Cozumel. They are listed under the Seafood section but the enchiladas are filled with guacamole and topped with a couple pieces of shrimp, scallops, and drenched with cheese sauce. It really wasn't my thing.

The side vegetables were steamed and delicious. They provided a much needed relief from the cheese sauce. The rice was white rice with some cilantro and also mixed well provided from extra flavor. Overall I was a little disappointed with this dish. My friend had the fajitas tacos and they looked pretty good.

My favorite thing about this restaurant are the chips and salsa. They provide a trio of salsa, a chipotle flavor medium, a green mild, and a hot. All of them taste great with the hot being my favorite. The mild one had a bit too much garlic but was still delicious. The chips are light and crunchy (not the thick ones). I like these better although occasionally you'll break the chip in the salsa.

The service was great and the atmosphere is clean and casual.
The chicken tortilla soup is exceptional and a great choice for a quick lunch or light dinner.
Great Mexican entrees and restaurant decor.  Excellent service.  The upscale Mexican cuisine has "Americanized" the flavor with a few of the entrees.  Overall, great place for lunch and dinner.
I went here tonight for a meetup group and the host was very friendly and helpful.  This place gets a solid 3 stars.  Nice waitress, clean and very good atmosphere.  The food is kinda what you would expect from a slightly upscale American chain restaurant.   I had the salmon, veggies and rice-and except for the cilantro in the rice and the cheese sauce on the salmon, you wouldn't consider it Mexican food...let alone authentic. Nothing amazing but not so terrible either.
Very good tex-mex food.  Our service was excellent and both times I went the manager came over to check on us, and made an excellent wine suggestion!  I had no idea wine went with Mexican food, but it was amazing!  Their veggie fajitas with black beans and lime cilantro rice are an excellent vegan option!  Margaritas are good too!
Very good salsa's which is delivered as a trio of a green, red and a smoked. 

With PF Changs next door and a long wait I chose this for dinner. They have a nice selection for any Tex and Mex taste you might have. 

The wait staff is pleasant and friendly which goes a long way.
The walk in has enough room for a party of 15 or so to congregate and the wood finish throughout the restaurant makes you feel a little cozy.  Since I was just a party of one, I sat at the bar, and was served by a very friendly bartender.  I was able to watch ESPN and keep up on my football talk.  You get corn chips and 3 different salsa types- I tried the green tomatilo which was very tasty a very mild salsa, and the red salsa which had a little bit of heat but I didn't touch the browner looking salsa. For my meal, I got the Yucatan Shrimp Fajitas, it was as sweet savory BBQ shrimp.  I had the lunch special version so my size was smaller.  I didn't mind that but they kept the amount of green pepper and onions at the same amount as the smaller version.  Instead of a tortilla, I used the lettuce wrap which allowed me to have a fresh taste.  I also substituted the beans(rice?) with their Spinach casserole, which was a creamy fabulous mix!  I enjoyed the meal but it was a little pricy.  It was a good treat for me.
My husband was looking for fish tacos. We were near Abuelos so we stopped for an early lunch. We were greeted and seated promptly. We were so happily surprised by the outstanding service from the waitstaff and the chef/manager. It turns out that there were no fish tacos on the menu. He described what he wanted to the waitress and she said there would be no problem,the chef could do it. He personally came out and checked on the request so he could get it right! And right it was, 3 delicious, huge tacos filled with lettuce, tomatoes, pico, and each one had a large portion of tilapia! The tacos were served with lime rice and steam veggies. This meal was more than worth the cost. My chicken quesedilla,lunch portion was also perfect. What a delightful way to experience a restaurant for the first time. Love it! We will be back.
Still a solid 4-stars. 

+ The table chips and salsas are consistently delicious. The chips: paper thin, light, not terribly salty. The salsas: flavorful with great texture/consistency.

+ Servers are ON THEIR GAME with drink refills

+ Fajita salad - one of the best salads around, in my humble opinion. I skip the cheese and the dressing (use salsa instead) and am never disappointed.


Note: I hadn't been here in a while; looks like they've drastically updated the menu (all for the better).
Abuelos was great! Was here with my boyfriend and have enchiladas and queso and they were both amazing! Had the firecracker shrimp and that was the best!!! Felicia was our server and she was awesome! Her suggestions were not only helpful but delicious! Also had the margarita that come in martini glass made with 1800. Best margarita I have ever had! And it comes with a shaker that is equivalent to two full martini glasses!! Definitely coming back!! Sun thru Friday $3 off all drinks too!!
Decided to only review after visiting a place twice. Been here twice. Had fajitas for two, twice. Both times, A-OK and reliably tasty! Chicken was juicy and had just enough flavor, steak was a bit fatty, but typically fajitas have a lower grade of beef anyways. Black beans were fresh and not from a can. Both Green and Red Peppers and onions were plentiful, however both times were warm and Not on a sizzling platter, which is why I dropped a star. It should be steaming.

5 stars that they offer Romaine leaves as a choice to wrap the ingredients instead of just tortillas. Try it; you'll love it, and it's a blast of healthy.
I reserved the private room for my wife's birthday. We had 29 people in our group and the servers did a great job servicing us. The chips & salsa varieties were excellent. Everybody loved their entrees. I ordered the carnitas tacos and liked them very much. The manager came in to greet us and make sure all was well. Again, excellent customer service! We will definitely return.
Had to update: someone must be reading these reviews because the fajitas came out sizzling! Fantastic meal.

Would have been 5 stars but they took the shrimp option off for the fajitas for two...anyone reading this??? ha ha, we'll definitely be back.
I have dined in at Abuelo's once and eaten their take-out at least three times.  I have to admit, this restaurant doesn't do much for me. I think this is because I'm a vegetarian and there just isn't much on the menu for me.   Tonight I had their cheese and onion enchiladas, which were perfectly fine...but I wasn't wowed. Why then, you ask, am I giving them a 4-star review? Well, because it seems as though everyone else who has dined with me has really enjoyed their food. I have not heard a single complaint from anyone else who has eaten at Abuelo's. Their chips and salsa are great - the chips are light and airy with the perfect amount of salt and the salsas taste very fresh and, as a person who doesn't love salsa, I think they are pretty awesome.  My friend who was born and raised in Mexico said everything he tried was really flavorful and good - he clearly knows better than I do.  When I dined in, our server was wonderful, a funny young man (that makes me sound really old) who was did a great job with a bunch of half drunk 30-something women. So, while Abuelo's probably wouldn't be MY first pick of a dinner restaurant, it has proven time and time again that it is, overall, a quality restaurant for those who have more choices on the menu.
I've been playing Clash of Clans a lot, so that's probably why I ordered the Pescadero Guerrero (Fisherman Warrior) in a restaurant I've never been in.  Excellent choice!  Very fresh ingredients in a white wine bchamel accompanied by very fresh veg and lime cilantro rice.  No joke about the rice; if you don't care for cilantro ask to substitute.
The salsa is clearly house made and  delicious, there's a sweet, a mild and a hot; something for all.  Quite good.  Excellent chips, paper thin and crisp.
House margarita, thumbs up.  Cavernous place with a good Latin beat.  Service is very good and so is the flan.  (I'm a flan fan.)
Worth a re-visit for sure.
It's OK, not sure about "Mexican" but nice atmosphere and very good service, very clean place.
Hands down one of mine and my family's favorite places! We visit often, and every time the staff is amazing! Very friendly. I would come here just for the spinach enchiladas and the Espinaca casserole alone, if you like spinach, these are a must!
Had a late lunch at this place for the first time last month. It was pretty slow at the time we went. I liked how the restaurant looked on the inside, it has a beautiful fountain when you walk in. 
I tried their Watermelon Margarita and was pleasantly surprised. It was not too sweet or too tequila-y. 
The chips and salsa that are brought to the table were so-so, fairly spicy. They had there different types they brought to the table and they  mixed a bit of the three on a plate. 
I ordered a burrito and my coworker had the fajitas, neither of us were impressed. My coworker had been there a few times prior to our visit and she was disappointed in how things tasted. 
Not some place I would go back to again. I'd rather drive all the way to Pedro's or go to pasqual's.
I always feel like I'm in the twilight zone when I read reviews about this or the neighboring PF Changs. It's literally only about atmosphere and the drinks. The food is beyond bland in my opinion for the price. I've tried the various meatless enchiladas, bean burrito and vegetable fajitas - the fajitas were OK but everything else was incredibly bland( I don't even know how you can make a cheese enchilada bland but somehow it is.)  So again - Atmosphere, Service and Drinks is what this place is all about.
Chipotle is one of my favorite places to eat thats fast and cheap.

The menu is pretty straight-forward.  Tacos, burritos, bowls... pick your ingredients, move along.  Your meal will be assembled at light-speed so stay sharp!  If you really only want a LITTLE BIT of sour cream or salsa or whatever, say so LOUDLY and CLEARLY or else it will get slopped on there like everything else.

It can get really crowded during weekday lunch, go at 11:00 or 1:00 to avoid the rush - or if you are going to pick up, fax your order in ahead of time.
The burritos are great, and very filling!  I manage to make it there once a week or so, the food is great, even if I become partially immobile for a short time after eating there.  I swear the rice expands once it hits the stomach!

Make sure you come hungry.  If I am going for lunch I've been known to take the "Chipotle fast" and eat little to no breakfast so I can just finish my meal!
OK Chipotle is pretty much fast food and I have heard it's owned by McDonald's (EWW), but I'm in love with it! My favorite thing to get is a burrito bowl. I get lettuce, cheese, black and re-fried beans, spicy beef, sour cream, corn, and rice. Deliciouso! You can also get a burrito, tacos, salads, and they will make cheese crisp for your little ones or you if you ask. Also they make vegetarian options with guacamole instead of meat. The portions are huge for a great steal so you will never leave hungry. A great place for a filling lunch or dinner, and you can get it to go as well. This location gets pretty packed at dinner time, but it's worth eating on the patio once the hot day is cooling down.
This is probably the best fast food I have had in a long time!!!

The food is super fresh and made fresh right in front of you.

We ate the full menu: carnitas burrito, steak tacos, chicken taco bowl, all of which were awesome. I can't wait until they open one in my area, I will eat here frequently.
Same great food, fairly convenient location near Kierland Commons, on the east side of Scottsdale Rd.
"Upscale fast food"? Seriously? And these other reviews...am I the only person hating on Chipotle? Today I went to Chipotle for the first time - I actually thought it was a restaurant until now. 6.50 for a vegetarian burrito (which has no vegetables in it) is just ridiculous, and...and I don't even know. Chipotle Mexican Grill?! Seriously? I am dumbfounded that this place exists and that people eat here. I mean, there was nothing "wrong" with it, it is just the epitome of our generic fast food culturally void society.  

wow. I seriously hate me some chipotle.
Not healthy or remotely good for you, but still... it's really yummy.  Nothing special in regards to a dining experience and they kind of treat you like cattle, but that's just their style.  They get food out to lots of people fast.  This is a good place for a quick lunch.

They close early on Sunday- which is really annoying!
Best things about Chipotle:  its cheap (under 8 bucks), its fresh, fast, and has ridiculously awesome guac, and they're consistent. 

I'm not gunna lie - though not exactly "mexican" food, they have great food and one of my favorite burritos anywhere.  This location is one of the best I've been to, as the food is awesomely fresh and hot and the wait is small.  It also has a lot of seating, both inside and out, but the backs are wicked uncomfortable in the benches.  The rest of the "ambiance" is pretty normal and not exciting. 

The sizes are huge, from burrito to salads.  The chicken is moist and flavorful, the steak is good and not overcooked, and you have different options for beans (even though I dont eat them).  I love their white lime-cilantro rice, the sour creme is not bitter, they have a great pico, and I have a love of the cheese they have.  My favorite things here are the burritos and taco bowls - with LOTS of guac - with chips and guac on the side, topped with their yummy house lime-salt. Also, they serve Coke products here, a big plus to us diet coke fiends.  

If you like big burritos and americanized mexican food, you've gotta do yourself the favor of checkin this place out.
So, I think I have been to most of the Chipotles in the state.  The one thing they all have is consistency.  It is always great to pop in real quick and grab a bite.  At high noon at most locations you can wait a little longer, but it still isn't bad.  Their chicken is good, with next to no chewy bits.  I have been on a Carnitas kick of late.  Always juicy and never dry.  It is a little more expensive then most fast food joints, but the quality is way better.  Love Chipotle!
I first off have to say I love Chipotle! Good food, pretty decent price, for the new age fast food market (fast food that isn't a burger). Their chicken is my fave and their guac and chips are the best in town I think. 

However, I for the first time today took what seemed to be the advantage of ordering online. My office all wanted lunch from there and the line can be pretty ridiculous at noon, so I figured I would pre order then just walk in pay and be on my happy way. Not so much. I will say that the ordering process is great, very easy and fast, took just a few minutes then hit send. But when I got there is when the annoyances started. Our food was not ready on time. I made a point to watch the person that walked in right after us and see how quickly they got out of the building, they won, we were still trying to pay for our order. It was seemingly very unorganized. The girl at the register kind of pointed us in a direction where someone would come out from the kitchen to give us our order, we were not allowed to pay or fill drinks while we were waiting, and it was to difficult to ask any questions that we were too frustrated to ask for extra salsa. 

On top of that while we were waiting the lady that was making our food came out in the middle of prep to talk to another customer about franchise opportunities and how much their building rent was. **Note to the jerk off that thought it would be a god idea to pull the manager out of the kitchen to discuss business at noon on a Monday: HELLO!? Are you serious? Time and place buddy, time and place. Call Corp for these silly questions. Arg! 

Anyway, the food is good, but they really need to get a better handle on their service. A bit of a cluster f*** if you know what I mean. I am a huge fan of ordering online and getting things fast, but I do not recommend using these opportunities at Chipotle.
Chipotle is a great place to get a fast, reasonably priced vegan meal. I always order the vegetarian bowl with rice, black beans (pinto beans are not vegan), grilled peppers and onions, pico de gallo and hot salsa, corn, guacamole, and lettuce. Yum. My husband gets the same in a burrito, and sometimes adds cheese. Good, fast, and filling. One reviewer here could do with fewer onions. I could do with less cilantro and perhaps brown rice instead of white, but other than that, no complaints.
I love this location! I really think all the employees there know me by name and by my card (as it's a Hello Kitty Visa), hey don't judge! Anywho, the manager/owner is always working and he isn't always behind the register, he's actually picking up and greeting everyone in the establishment, I love that! Crazy concept but interacting with your customers, brings them back. Aside from the service, their food is literally always fresh and to order. I've never had any overcooked food, or old/stale vegies. It's in a great location and just very convenient.

Personally I always go for the burrito bowl, but they have lots of alternaties and especially for the vegietarians/vegans.
I created a monster when I brought my family to Chipotle for the first time many years ago. I am constantly taking one for "the team" when I am dragged here by my wife and one of my sons. 

I usually get the carnitas tacos with the salsa that has the little tomatoes, onions and cilantro. I even pony up an extra $1.80 for the guacamole. I just wish there was the option of adding tomatoes to your taco without the onions and cilantro. How can you eat a taco without tomatoes and guacamole?
Made the mistake of going here right at the stroke of 12PM... lines around the block. At first I thought they were giving away free stuff... but no such luck on my part.

If you have ever eaten at a Chipotle before, this is going to be no great surprise when I tell you... Its the same as every other place!

If you have never eaten here before...
The burritos are HUGE! The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. And the food was fresh and hot.

I had a burrito bowl with 1/2 carnitas and 1/2 barbacoa beef. Yum.

This location does have outdoor seating which was nice today. 

I also enjoy reading the cutsie messages they put on their cups.
Typically go on Saturdays. Always really busy. Wait time around 5 minutes. Great service and as always, great food!
If I had to pick one restaurant to eat at every day for the rest of my life, odds are very good that it might be Chipotle... they don't have a ton of options, but the food they serve up is fresh and top quality! I love that the chain goes out of their way to supply the freshest vegetables and as much naturally raised meat as  possible! The Steak Fajita Bowl is my go to dish, but you honestly can't go wrong here! 

This particular location is damn near spotless and staffed with some of the friendliest, accomodating folks you'll ever find in a fast food joint! The inside dining room is a lot smaller than other locations I've visited, making it hard to find a spot to sit if you're eating in during the busy lunch or dinner hours, however the patio offers ample room for overflow (when it's not 110 degrees out).
Alright, another chain restaurant. Chipotle is Chipotle no matter where you go. They win on consistency.

What makes this one in particular stand out is the only thing that's different here: The people. Fast and friendly very aptly describes them. As far as speed, when business is slow, I'm pretty sure I've managed to be in and out of this place in less than a minute. It was kinda crazy. That was even including smiles and a couple jokes. Seriously, who can manage that?

I'm definitely glad this is right by my work. It makes for a great quick lunch grab!
Always the best , can't beat chipotle
Love the gigantic steak burritos and the brown rice option! Minus one star for the not so friendly workers and having to pay for chips. Chips should be free!!!
Chipotle is my go to place when I feel like picking up a quick meal, and this happens to be my local one.

Always busy, and you'll almost always see someone you know getting some delicious Chipotle as well.

Portions are huge, but no complaining because it's all delicious!
Joey W wrote, Chipotle wins on consistency. That is so true. Consistently bad food, consistently poor service. I hate Chipotle. Its fitting that this chain was once owned by McDonalds, because Chipotle has done to Mexican food what McDonalds did to American food, destroyed it.

To me, Chipotle represents everything wrong with America. If you really think about it, kids today are growing up and eating at places like Chipotle. This is their exposure to restaurants and customer service. If this is what they see as the norm, how do we expect to get anything better out of them when they enter the workforce. They can only emulate what they know, poor quality, a don't give a crap attitude, being rude, and insolent.

Every Chipotle I have ever been to starts at that base level and goes down from there. Some are so bad its disgusting, like the one at Topanga Canyon in Woodland Hills, CA. This particular location in Scottsdale is not as bad as that one, but it is bad. I would like a veggie burrito, black beans and brown rice. No, not pinto, I said black. No fajita. Thanks. I said No fajita, stop, NO fajita! This was to go. I said To go, how many times do I have to tell you this - its to go! A typical conversation at Chipotle.

The burrito was a street food in northern Mexico. I don't think it was ever meant to look like a baby's filled diaper, as Chipotle has perfected that look. Why do they need to stuff the f*&^in thing so full that it explodes when they roll it? How is this appealing to anyone to have a big messy drippy mess? Has anyone noticed that the only predominant flavor in the whole mess is onion? There is absolutely no flavor to anything else. You could not possibly ever just try to order a bean and cheese burrito at Chipotle. It is the most flavorless, creation. The beans have no flavor. The cheese is completely void of any flavor. The sour cream is just runny, it is just slightly thicker than pouring milk on your food.

There is a small section of Colorado that should be completely wiped out. It has tormented this country with the likes of Chipotle, Einstein's Bagels, Smashburger, Qdoba, Noodles & Company, Boston market, and about five others. All of these chains are the same, they adopt one kind of cuisine, remove all the flavor and uniqueness the original item had and serve it up across the country, making everyone think this is what food is. It is absolutely disgusting and revolting. It is creating a bland, monolithic society that thinks all bagels should be soft with chocolate chips.
You can't go wrong with Chipotle. This location gets crazy busy at lunchtime! Steer clear at 12pm. I've been going closer to 1 to avoid the zoo.  Parking is limited but it's a nice location. 
Tip- order online and skip the line! 
Tip- try one of their margs
Enjoyable meal!  I mean this is a niche fast food joint and reliably provides what one expects. I prefer the burrito bowl, seems healthier. Give it a try.
Is a Chipotle, a Chipotle, a Chipotle?  

Which translated means: yes, yes, and YES -- you are about to have a great meal!

First, avoid this place between 11:30 am to 1:30 pm, unless you are into pain, or have a death wish.  Like Five Guys and Jimmy Johns next door, the parking lot can become very crowded and somewhat of a mess.  

I tend to leave my car at the office and walk across Scottsdale Road playing Frogger with the cars.  A good suggestion to avoid some of this is to order online.  Most App Stores offer a downloadable "Chipotle Ordering" application which makes it easier.

But after that, stop by and pickup a delicious Burrito, Taco or Bowl of goodness!   If you order anything, make sure you include the Guacamole and Chips.  You would have to go to Mexico to get anything fresher, or for that matter better.

Enjoy!
The food is simply AWESOME. Love the free app to order in ahead of time, jump in front, pick up your stuff or eat in. I'd give a five star if it had free wifi and was a tad less cold in it's athmosphere. Something we notice with many fooleries is that the outside area is far from inviting or inspiring to stay very long. Add a few huge shrubs to create space and cool.
I love this Chipotle location. They are right across the street from where I work so I like to walk over in cooler weather. It is crazy busy at lunch time. Everyone else that works in the area seems to like this place too... Not to mention all the people shopping at Scottsdale Quarter across the street. If you can get in the door about 11:30, you should get through the line fairly quickly, but things ramp up considerably between 11:45 and Noon. I have seen the line go out the door occasionally. The parking lot gets pretty crazy too, so keep your eyes peeled when you're walking/driving.

The food is consistently good. I have never had a bad burrito here. They slipped up once and threw a big glob of sour cream (which I didn't want) on my burrito, but kindly/rapidly made me a new one when I pointed out the error.

I plan to continue to come here regularly and recommend it to others.
Ah Chipotle, you lure me in with your cilantro-lime rice and woo me with your guacamole. I'm such a fan of the burrito bowls but hate the burritos -- too much tortilla ruins the flavor for me. Great and fast service. 

Drink area is in a bit of an odd place and this location is PACKED at lunch -- avoid this area if you can between 12:00PM and 1:00PM Monday-Friday.
Whenever I have a craving for some fine Mexican burrito I turn to Chipotle!!! The ingredients are always fresh and oh so delicious!! The service is always friendly and mighty fast!! Your burrito or bowl is done right in front of your eyes!!! :) I will keep coming to this Kierland spot for more since they deserve the business and always give you everything with a warm smile!! 
Makes my tummy happy!!!
Cockroaches in the salsa and serving the food. Every time I've been here I wish I had gone else where.
Everything was delicious
Good quick place to grab lunch or to pick up dinner on the way home from work.  The kids menu items they've added make it easier to find something for everyone in the family.
great service here. Management cares!!
As an avid Chipotle-goer (and ex-employee) for 15 years, I'm pretty critical when I visit a new location.  My first visit to this location felt right.  It was fast, the people were energetic, the store was clean, the procedures were right on.  It's been consistent since that day, and helps to keep my Chipotle love alive!
Great southwest burritos and salads that are absolutely fresh and flavorful.  Best good food fast.
This had to have been the worst portion serving of chicken I have ever seen at a #chipotle.  It was consistently poor with other people they were serving too.  I estimate at about half the normal serving I usually get.  I just happened to go to this chipotle today since I had an appt in the area.  I'm never coming back to this one for lunch again.  I suggest going to one of the other many chipotles to get a better serving.
One of my favorite lunch spots.
The best rice and beans food ever.  The meat is there, you can see the 1 oz put on there, and you can almost taste it, but almost doesn't count.  The guacamole is priced at like 2-4 avocados, 400% or so markup, not bad.  Don't come here, because its good as junk food.  Carbs, and more carbs with a little fiber and maybe protein.
This is one of my favorite places for burritos. I love the chicken, pork, and steak but for some reason I usually order the chicken. It has a very unique taste. Of course the food is fresh. Plus at this place i have never had any problems wrapping my burrito. I've been to others that double wrap or they have to start over. Not too cool. 

Service is always fast and friendly. Only problem with this place is sometimes finding parking can be a little hard.
Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????

Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl. What's going on? Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat? No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.  I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans. There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality. Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.
I am hard to please.  That said, I am always elated when I dine at Chipotle--any Chipotle.  And since I've been to this location a little more often than the others, I choose to review this location.  I am amazed at the quality of the meal--fresh ingredients, plenty of meat, clean interior--modernity at it's best.  The prices are ridiculous--six and change for a huge fresh-Mex burrito with steak or chicken or pork ... I just wanted to chime in on how much I appreciate 'em.
PROS: Most of the food items like the lettuce tasted fresh. They have a great variety and give you exactly what you ask for. 

the staff inside was fast and friendly, a long line was a short wait! 

They served margaritas, beer, and bottled water, just in case you're really thirsty :) and it was pretty cheap, too!

CONS: I have been to many a Chipotle, and I was a bit disappointed; they didn't give that much meat at all. Plus, the chicken was colder than normal. They scooped me too much rice and mild salsa. 

Got chips and guacamole; the guacamole had way too much onion in it, or the pieces were way too big. 

OVERALL: This chipotle was average! I know you guys can do soo much better.
This location gets so jammed packed that its like chaos during the lunch rush.  I have always had great tacos here, especially the chicken is always hot.  Has anyone else noticed that their seating is quite uncomfortable?  I just can't sit for too long, but I think that is all part of their plan, they don't want their patrons to stay for too long. 

One thing I need to add is Chipotle does NOT use dairy products in their meats, rice, tacos shells/tortillas/chips or salsas.  It is a fabulous place to eat if you have a pesky food allergy.
So glad we can now eat grass fed and hormone free meats from humanely raised cows, pigs, and chickens. Yummm...

http://www.chipotle.com/en-us/fwi/animals/animals.aspx
This Chipotle is down the street from my job. I don't come very often but the day that I did come it was packed as always. Like others have stated arking is very limited so I always park in the first space that I see regardless to how far away it is. I mean I am about to eat Chipotle so I can walk my butt to from wherever I parked to get some food. Also avoid this place between 11:30am and 1:30pm because again it is packed and they run out of things from time to time so you may have to wait a little. The last time this happened to me, I was treated to a free meal because I waited a little longer than I was told for the chicken finish cooking. Quite unexpected but very nice of them. All in all, it is Chipotle. It is quick, fresh, and delicious. Kinda hard not to like it!
I just felt when I was ordering that they were yelling at me on every ingredient. do not like to be yelled at order my food. this was not a busy time it was about 2 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon. 

Janet was my host and I was order number 339
Food was awesome ! Portions were a little small but other than that everything was wonderful!
Like I said before. Best chipotle in the valley! Great staff very friendly! Food is always amazing at this location! But since that is so would recommend trying to beat the lunch rush! It gets packed quick, but even still with a long line at lunch they move through it rather quickly!
super fast and friendly. took my 4 minutes to get through the line and pay for my food. the line was to the door even!!! I will always drive the extra mile to this location. never seen such a busy and popular chipotle location. recommended for anyone to go to this particular location!!
What's not to love about chipotle. It's fast, fresh, and delicious.

I would eat here everyday if my wife would let me.

When are we going to get the sofritos here!??
Food is great. BUT DON'T BOTHER ORDERING ON THEIR APP!!!!! We arrive 5 min after the pickup time & they had no clue we ordered online. Not much of an apology given, just an uuhhh we didn't see it & we end up waiting 20 min. there was hardly anyone in line either & when we finally got the food, we get it with a huff. Not polite and inefficient. Train your employees please & a little more courtesy would be fine.
Just had the biggest burrito ever in my entire life.  The foil paper couldn't even wrapped my whole meal.  Love it here because everything is so fresh and the service is so excellent and fast.  Totally beat the dinner service rush.
The service here is good, but thats as good as it gets. The salsa is disgusting the food is bland and unidentifiable and its just generally annoying
This place is very good and convenient when shopping at Arrowhead Mall.  I like the salsa, made fresh daily; the corn tortillas made fresh and the flour tortillas (good, but not my favorite).   A little gal named Maria makes the taco shells, the corn and flour tortillas.  We have found the food to be fresh and interesting.  The Margaritas are very good, the black beans better for us than the refried and the fish tacos (on corn tortillas) just plain scrumptious.  These restaurants strive to change their menu with new, creative dishes.  The shrimp appetizer was a meal in itself.  The hostess is charming and all the waiters/waitresses are fun, pleasant and remember you.  That's terrific all by itself.  Try it....we do once a week usually.  Suzi
It saddens me to say that this isn't the worst Mexican restaurant we've eaten at, that's on Oahu near Waikiki beach, but it's close. 

 Damn it we had to drive by Arriba's to get to this place. 

  I had a chimichanga that was a little anemic, though what there was of the filling was ok,  beans  tasteless, rice looked the part but as spicy as your average UK meal involving boiled meat and root vegetables.

 Erin's Fajita salad was similarly lack luster  with  all the appearance of being tasty yet   bland chicken. Usually, unless there's an attempt at "chefing" as opposed to cooking  I'll order a basic dish ( I don't shoot the chef though  and trust me these guys are safe from Agent Sands , very safe)  for the first time out  and if the beans/rice suck.. no return.

Overall It feels like aliens, space ones, are running the place and they learned cooking from pictures.  It's certainly a mistake we won't be repeating.
One of my wife's favorite restaurant.  She loves to eat the salsa and the Guacamole Live (table side) is her favorite.  Made to order with just the right ingredients to taste.

I'm partial to the heart-attack Chili Con Caso, not that it is spicy, but high levels of things that are bad for you.

I usually get the burritos, not much else appeals to me.  The fajitas are so-so, and the other dishes are okay for some variety.  The beef triple sauce burrito is one of my picks.
Gee, I've found some things I really like here...and Jo really likes the place.  Yesterday I tried their new Taco Melt (make your own tacos based on melted cheese, taco meat, lettuce, tomato, sour cream - with beans and rice on the side) and it was very good, and plenty large.  Jo had the luncheon burrito and said it was very good.  I've had their fish tacos and they were good.

Hey, this isn't true mexican, probably not real tex-mex, but I've never left feeling like I didn't enjoy my food.  And their Gold Rocks margaritas aren't too bad - just a little small!!
One thing I love about the corporate restaurant model is that service is often reliably better than the local places.  This is true at On the Border.  I love the good service, including the fake smiles, memorized greetings, and checking on my table a little too often.  Fine with me.

I usually opt for the make your own burrito and results are usually quite good, and the same goes for the veggie fajitas.  Whether the tortilla chips are made here or not, I like the thickness & crispness.
The waiter was very friendly, and the atmosphere was relaxing. .  The drinks and food were VERY good!! I forgot to review their online menu ( as I do not eat meat) to see if there were any veggie options, but the waiter was very quick to suggest The avocado and red pepper burrito, with a side of black re-fried beans.  This ended up being a fantastic choice..  The service was very prompt as well.  I would come back if given the choice..
One of the best contemporary mexican food restaurants around. The staff is friendly and fun, the food is filling and delicious. A must for mexican food lovers.
Love their fresh guacamole and house margaritas.
I've never had a bad meal here. The chips and salsa are great as well as their fajitas, Chimichangas, burritos, etc.
Had a great V day with my wife, we got there right at lunch rush and got right in, got a good table, AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME server, Michaela was as good as they come!!
Went th ere today to take advantage of their endless enchilladas.  Service was outstanding. Very good atmosphere.  Food was a real bargain when you consider al you can eat enchilladas for eight bucks  and they were good.
Not impressed. Ordered a combo plate, blah. Food wasn't anything I would want again. I ate it so it wasn't horrible but really, who wants to come back to blah?
 Service was good, place was clean, but I'm not eating either one of those............
I love OTB, I mean I really love OTB. I've tried different things on their menu (Carne Asada Tacos, Ranchiladas, Fajitas, etc) but I always come back to the Ranchiladas. It's a hunk of beef cooked the way you want it with two onion/cheese enchiladas with beans and rice. I don't care much for the beans and rice but the combo of steak and enchiladas are awesome. Oh, btw - the endless chips and salsa are amazing. The salsa is really good. Top it all off with the Kahlua Ice Cream pie and you leave feeling very happy.
We have always enjoyed dining at On the Border, the last couple of times the service has been a little slow. 

The food was not up to it's usual standards. The bar area is fun! the TVs  make the time go by while waiting for the food. 

Overall, because we use to be a regular we will go back again and see how it goes.
Service was great, food was awesome!!!  always a good time i've been here a few times and it's a similar story!
If you like Taco Bell, then you will love this place.  It is nothing more than a fancy Taco Bell.

Definitely nothing like real mexican food.

On the bright side, the host and waitress were very nice.
I enjoy this chain. I know, I know... Why would you go to a Mexican chain in Phoenix?! I love Carolina's and the local restaurants, but it's my Sister's birthday and this is what she wanted.
Hmmm, so the good... They serve booze, which is nice because when you're drunk your standards generally lower- just ask What's His Face or my dignity after last Saturday night. Anyhow, do we really need more than one of these abominations in the valley? I think a chain restaurant should only exist when the food is good enough to warrant more access to the greater population. This place does not qualify. 

This is the type of place that inspires documentaries about the shocking cheesy grease stuffed pots of lard that Americans shovel in their bellies for breakfast. Deep fried appetizers, cheese on almost everything, and not just enough cheese to add flavor. It's more like a course of cheese with a side of chips. 

They do have quote on quote healthy options, but they are boring as all hell. However, I've noticed a trend with AZ Mexican "healthy options". They don't know how to make anything healthy without just giving your some meat and vegetables. It's so boring. I wish more places would attempt to recreate dishes with healthy ingredients. It is possible to make healthy tacos among other things. 

Anyway, my friend's plate looked like a cheesy greasy mess. As for mine, I wanted a little healthier meal. I ordered 1 spinach enchilada. I was happy with the fresh taste of the spinach, but disappointed that there wasn't any seasoning at all. It tasted like spinach with salt. It's suppose to be an enchilada for christ sake- some chili powder, maybe enchilada sauce... to contradict myself above, cheese would have greatly helped this item. I also ordered one pork taco, or what would normally be called Carnitas... damn gringo ass Peoria. Anyhow, once again, NO SEASONING! Look, I get than many people can't tolerate heat, but you can use spice and add flavor without adding heat. If you are giving me a taco use some fricking seasoning... This should be a given.

Now, a couple highlights: I liked the Skinny margarita. Though this was a "specialty" drink,  Margaritas are suppose to be made with Lime juice, not nasty ass margie mix- So, that's a good thing. The bad? Don't measure me half a jigger and charge me 9 bucks! I don't care what the law or code is, make me a drink that tastes good and gives me a little buzz.The other good thing- fresh guacamole... thank God for this. If it had been something nasty I would have had to smack the chef around a little. The last good thing, the fresh tortillas. Though they were a little thicker than I prefer and not traditional corn ones, they were quite lovely.
Experience was horrilble. Server was rude and gave bad service. We stood at the enterance for over 5 minutes before being seated and then had to listen to the hostess curse half the meal. No management in sight. Went online to answer the survey and heard NOTHING back. Obviously corporate didn't care.
We have been here a few times and every time it was great.... this last time ruined it completely for us. I dont know if our server was new or what but our glasses were empty almost the entire time, except when a manager came by to refill them. We watied a fairly long time for our appetizer, which wasnt that great anyways (the stuffed jalepenos were good but thats all) and we waited about another 15 minutes after finishing the appetizer for our main food to bE brought out.... COLD! We were very very disappointed in the overall experience :( We will not return again sadly!
Live guacamole (YUMMMM), house margaritas are simply awesome. We really enjoy going to this place with friends and hanging out over a couple of drinks and tasty food choices on the menu.

For Vegetarians- their veg fajita,  avocado enchiladas(less cheesy) and spinach mushrooms  enchilada (more cheesey) are great among other things. Strictly vegetarians must ask for cilantro lime rice coz it does not have chicken stock and for black beans because the refried beans usually at all places including here have pork loin.

Enjoy!!
We wanted to try something new. Came to On The Border. Went to the bar area for Happy Hour. Only seats available were the two at the end of the bar. The end seat had a huge gaming machine that doesn't move. Who in the hell has those? Finally a small booth opened up. We moved to that. Now we have a new server who is ignoring us... Finally the bartender took our order. Food is ok. Better than Arribas. Presentation was a lot better also. All in all everything was just ok. Don't think I'll be back tho.
To even admit to serving tex-mex is the first clue about how bad the food is there.  And whoever that nit wit was that said Arizona has bad Mexican obviously knows nothing about Good Mex food.  Ill admit right from the start that I don't want authentic Mex. food.  Go on down to Nogales and get some authentic Mex. food Ha!  What I want is authentic valley of the sun sonoran style Mex. food the way its evolved for a hundred years from the early Mexican Legal Immigrants.  Ihave been all over the USA and true you can get some decent mex food in cal, new mex., west texas.  But to get the best Beans, enchiladas, red, green, chile, tamales tortillas you have to get it right here in AZ.  Here are a few great places.  Don Joses, Matador, Carolinas. Manuels, Some Burro, Juans, Ajo Als, Macayos.  The two best are Ricardos and Papagayos, oops,  They closed because the new management wrecked the food and drove away the faithful.  And thats THE TRUTH, from "The Truth" Ciau!
Ordered the three sauce fajita burrito. It was actually really good and you can taste the 3 sauces it's smothered in. Very gooey cheesy texture in every bite, but not super gooey like yogurt. There's enough solidity that you've gotta bite the cheese to release all that wonderful flavor. 

Served with rice and beans, which were pretty standard. Nothing super special. Lime cilantro rice would've been amazing with the dish. 

Good atmosphere. Can be crazy crowded on some nights. But overall, it was a pleasant dining experience.
Price and not as tasty as I like
I like On the Border, i just don't love it. Reasonably priced, good happy hour, but the food is just okay. I haven't had a problem, but I think it's a little bland. I go sometimes when I'm in the area, but I don't drive out of my way.
Hot salsa that tastes fresh. Really good enchilada. Good service.  I really like this place.
Descent food, of course it's not autentico. Free chips, salsa, & wifi though.
Good food. Free chips, salsa & wifi though.
Stopped in with the family and friends for dinner here last night.  Not a big fan of chains, so not sure what to expect.  Really enjoyed the xx beer battered tacos.  Came because we heard kids eat free with adult meal, and have to save a buck when we can.  Found out after getting here you needed a coupon.  Manager suggested we register for their "Club Cantina" offers online, but said we could work it out without the coupon.   We registered, but the coupon never came, but they still gave is the deal.   Have to love great customer service.
Food Good, Ate like a PIG!!!
Was visiting a friend and they suggested we go to this restaurant for dinner.  I must say I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food.  The server was humorous, friendly and efficient.  Love the salsa!
My one previous visit to an On the Border was two years ago to the one in Ahwatukee, & this time I ordered the same thing as before.  The price has increased by $1.99, & I didn't think the food was as good this time either.  (I could be that I have just become a harsher critic since we have some really great Mexican restaurants here in the Valley!)

I was joined by Scott W. today, and ordered a Lunch Combo with a bowl of Chicken Tortilla Soup, a shredded beef hard shell taco, & a Chile Relleno.  Things started with a good-sized bowl of tostadas & two cups of ok tasting, chunky style salsa.

The appetizer, soup, should have arrived first, but it didn't, even though I asked for it for it to come first, just in case.  When our server came with everything, she said, "When you order a combo, the soup comes at the same time."  Uh, I have an idea.  FIX THAT!

Ok, so once it came, the soup was very good, & I enjoyed it while the rest of my food got cold.  Then, the taco was of good size but not particularly flavorful, and the Chile Relleno was only ok as well.  The same went for the refried beans and Spanish Rice.  Yes, the Relleno was deep fried, an interesting twist, but there was no apparent seasoning in the breading and it was made with a smallish and not especially flavorful Anaheim Chile.

This restaurant is nice inside but all in all, my experience here was just marginally ok.  I'll stop short of "F... this place & the horse it rode in on!", but we have lots of other choices, especially for $10.98.     :-)
Had lunch here this week with Rand H.  My chicken fajitas were good.  The rice wasn't crunchy but it wasn't soft either.  The service was pretty good.  Chains are not noted for their over the top food food but they normally produce perfectly edible recipes and decent service and this one provided just that.
You're in Arizona what are you doing eating at a national Mexican Food chain. I did awhile back as I was given a gift card. If I were living in Idaho this place might be alright but there are so many far better choices in Arizona. The chips and salsa were ok but the plasti-cheese they use has to go. Does anyone think the ads for the Enchilada's look good?
We had a gift card and remember going to one of these restaurants in California and wasn't particularly impressed.  However, this one had a much more expanded menu with barbacoa and carnitas, for example.  The chunky salsa was flavorful and had a little bit of kick to it and the chips were very good.  I was surprised that the food didn't shot out immediately like at most Mexican restaurants but it was nice being able to  enjoy a drink and conversation before the food arrived(not too slow but not immediately either).  While I have had more distinctive barbacoa enchiladas, these were very good and the carnita taco and spinach/mushroom enchilada were also very good.  Our waiter, Jamie, was very attentive and filled drinks and cleared plates efficiently and was a very nice guy!!  Overall, we enjoyed the experience and like the many choices on the menu.
Great place to eat in the arrowhead area. What I like to do is go there before hitting Harkins Arrowhead Fountains and get the Tortilla Soup and Chicken Tacos. It's like around $9 and fills you up. Busy enough where you can tell that it's good but isn't overly packed. Most I've ever waited was 45 minutes and that was during spring training on a saturday night.
I've edited this review to say that after the restaurant received my complaint, they called me and apologized. I wish they wound have handled it better while we were there, but I appreciate them reaching out. I also threw another star their way for the effort.

If I could give this place zero stars, I would. But the avocado fries were quite good, so perhaps that is where the one star can come from. I wouldn't really know on the rest of the food because after waiting for over an hour for our entrees to show up, we had them wrapped up to go. And by the time I could sit down to actually eat, the food was cold and gross and I threw 3/4 of it away.

I was visiting family in Arizona when we went to this On the Border. Our  party consisted of 3 female adults (including me) and two children, a 5yo and a 16mo old. We arrived at 4:45PM on a Saturday and were sat quickly and ordered appetizers drinks and entrees quickly. We received drinks and appetizers in a timely manner, though we did have to stop our server and other workers to get us refills on drinks and chips. 

But that is where the positive experience ends. After we received our appetizers, we waited for 45 minutes before we were told that the food was held up because the 5yo's chicken strips were frozen. We were not given an opportunity to order something else for her, and though we asked to have the rest of the food served, it was not. Then our server told us that there was a complete breakdown in the kitchen, which led to all the waiting. However, we watched no less than 6 tables around us arrive, order, eat, pay their bill and leave. These were tables comparable in size to ours. Also, when we arrived and ordered well before dinner rush, there were hardly any other patrons. 

Finally at 5:45 after we had been there an hour, I asked to have the whole order wrapped up to go. Our server was apologetic, and offered us free dessert that we did not want. The manager did not come talk to us, and no one offered to comp any portion of our meal. The order STILL took another 20 minutes to get to us, and we finally were able to leave at about 6:15. 

There was a major breakdown in communication that I have never experienced at any other restaurant in my life. I will not return to any location of On the Border. Terrible customer service.
First time we ate here on a Saturday about 1. We were sat quickly and our server came to offer drinks . We ordered heradura margaritas very fast and they were awesome. Chips and salsa were good tasted freshly made. We were also given queso moments later. Then manager came by to see how we were liking it so far and introduced herself and recommended the green enchiladas with hatch NM chili.  My wife got the new mexico relleno and enchilada. Then other manager came and introduced himself and offered us the queso and sopapillas  free. Great service from everyone and our server was very attentive. We got our food fast not bad at all. Enchiladas were good not as good as I make but not bad. We would be back if in the area again.
Out shopping with my wife and it was lunch time. I have never been to On the Border so we stepped in and waited. There was many tables open but no one to set you. Finally someone came and seated us. Our waitress came soon after and we ordered. We had to wait to get our tea refilled. Service was slow and, (I just did not feel welcome).  I got a burrito I think my wife got the same. 
The food was ok. Eatable. By no means great. In this area there are several very good Mexican Food restaurants. For this reason I have no reason to return to this one. I don't want to sound mean. The food was eatable ok food when you can get great food for the same price and the waitress acts like they are glad you are there. 
CHOW (purina)
I know, chain tex-mex. Sangria swirl & Guacamole Live are predictably fantastic. Coupled with a hard working, attentive and welcoming staff make cocktails and I fun dinner and a ball game over the shoulder a good night.
This place is great for happy hour.  You can get a huge goblet full of beer or flavored margarita for just a few bucks.  The bar is almost always full on those nights, so be patient.  You may have a wait a few minutes for a table/ barstool to clear.  Their food is nothing to write home about.  You can definitely get better and more authentic stuff pretty much anywhere you go, but this place is worth it for the happy hour.
I don't typically write a review for a chain or even dig their food that much, but On The Border is pretty darn good.  IF you like your Mexican food soooo covered in cheese and kinda greasy (and some folks do, that's fine!) - this probably isn't the place for you.  It's just lighter and fresher.  I like that.  I love that I can substitute the beans and rice for grilled veggies and that you can get cilantro rice instead of Spanish rice.  I also like variety, so instead of a plate of three enchiladas, I enjoy their 'choose 2' or 'choose 3' - I get a salad (GREAT salad with black beans, corn, cilantro, cheese, tomato - it's a great side salad, pretty big too!), a cup of tortilla soup, and one enchilada - plus I substitute the grilled veggies (usually zuke, red pepper, etc.) for the beans and rice.  Chips and salsa are right up there too.  Enjoy.
food was lacking, not only was there not much of it but it lacked flavor. the server. was rude and charged us 99 cents for half and shot glass of cheese and the meals were ridiculously over priced. we came to this restaurant because the chain Mexican restaurant in our area closed and it was in the area. the bathrooms were not well kept and the sinks were broken. chain Mexican restaurants are usually a gamble but save yourself the trip and make tacos at home for a fraction of the time and cost.
I found this to be very reasonable, regarding service and food. I will recommend it for all who enjoy plenty of great food at great prices. The staff is professional and friendly.  Wish I could visit more often. Big thumbs up!
My husband and I really enjoy On The Border.  The Taco Tuesday promotion is fantastic!  We split an appetizer, have the $2 tacos, a margarita and dinner is done!  And, after asking & asking for years--they finally have FLAN!  It's good, too! The service is always fast & friendly, the food is REALLY good and always comes out hot and quickly. The promotions are a great bargain.  It doesn't get any better than sitting out on the patio and enjoying good food and drink!
We came in around 6pm not knowing there was a 7pm spring training game, place was packed. Luckily we got the last open table in the bar area. Within 2 minutes of sitting down we had our drinks and chips/salsa. Kudos to the staff and management on being spot on the service. as always the food is very good. We've tried many Mexican restaurants only to be disappointed. Now if OTB will come back to Goodyear with the new mall, we'll be happier.
Endless enchiladas are a good deal. My daughter loves the tortillas. Though not amazingly authentic, the food is good, and the restaurant is nice and clean.  Untold this is the last day for endless enchiladas though.
On The Border sent me an email asking me to review my last visit there. Well, the food was good. We went there on Taco Tuesday.  They gave us regular menus when we came in, we had to ask for the menu with the specials on it,  They should be giving you the menu with the specials on it without you asking or it. Maybe, they want you to order from the regular menu!  Anyway, the special menu was disgusting filthy with caked salsa all over  it! YUK! Called a manager over to show him. I believe he said it would be thrown out, but as we were leaving the front hostess was cleaning menus! It looked like that was one of them! When you go into a restaurant dirty menus should NOT be handed to you!!!  Hoping their menus are clean now, if I do go back and a dirty menu is given to me I will walk out! YES, it was that dirty!!!
For service, excellent! I wish i could rememer the server's name! The agave margaritas were soooo good, i wish i had room for more!!  I had the New Mexican plate. I only had room to eat one of the two items on the plate, besides the delicious rice. The item had shredded chicken & green sauce. I just can't remember what it's called--too many agave margaritas!!! Anyway, i took the the other item home which looks like a deep fried jalapeno or pepper! But nonetheless, it still looks good. The chips & salsa at the beginning were good. Better tasting than at most Mexican restaurants--they weren't deep fried in old grease, that's for sure. But the downfall was the price of those tantelizing agave margaritas-- like $10 for one!!!  I'd go back again. I was surprised to see they even do take out & delivery. But my surprise could be due to the tasty, wonderful agave margaritas, which are a pretty pink color!!!
On The Border underwhelmed me. The environment was typical of a Mexican food chain. The food was very pricey for the low quality of food. It came out Luke-warm at best. The service was not good. Consistently waiting for refills. I recommend go to Arriba Mexican restaurant that is only a few blocks away.
Always great food, drinks and service when we come here! OTH is one of our favor our restaurants to dine at. 

Tonight's visit was no different but I must apologize to our waitress, Jade. We were on the patio and there was a very rude couple amongst us. Everyone around us could tell and on our way out; I told them they shouldn't be so rude to their waitress. They tried making a scene as we exited and I just wanted Jade to know how sorry I am for putting her in that awkward position. She was great!
My oldest daughter took her mom and sister out for a belated Mother's Day lunch to On the Border on Bell Rd. I stayed at home and waited for any left overs. When they returned, they gave me a bag that was quite heavy and I thought they felt bad for me so they purchased an entire entree for me. Wrong...It was their left over entree's. I was hungry so I opened the bag and sadly discovered about 7 lbs. of what tasted like canned refried beans and partially eaten enchiladas and burritos. None of it was flavorful cold so I reheated it in the microwave and there was absolutely no improvement in flavor so I tossed it. Sounded like a brick when it landed! YUK!!! Save the trip and go to Fry's and get some $.99 Banquet T.V. dinners. I felt really bad for all of them especially on this special occasion! Oh well, at least I know where NOT to go if they take me out for Father's day lunch. I hope my daughter isn't angry at me for writing this but I wanted to give you Yelpers a heads up! 
They should rename the restaurant  "Borderline Mexican Cantina" Ha Ha
I have sadly been to this On the Border more than once due to family members liking it. I just don't get it. The food here is substandard 'Mexican' that tastes extremely salty and is loaded with sodium, calories, and fat (their fish tacos have over 1800 calories... whoa). Their portions are outrageously large. Don't bother looking at their nutritional facts, it will make you sad.... And yes, I get it , Americanized Mexican food is generally bad for you, but at least it tastes good at other restaurants. To their credit, they do have a 'healthy' menu that lists the calories, unfortunately this food is also not very good. On my most recent visit, I got the 'healthy' combo with an enchilada and fajita taco with a side of grilled veg. The veg was fine, the taco tasted like they dumped a bunch of that lime juice that comes in the green bottle all over some prepackaged precooked chicken slices... not awesome, but made better by adding some of the grilled veg and some salsa to it. The enchilada was also nothing special, but not terrible. The husband's enchiladas were a 'salt lick.' A family member ordered the guac, which they made table side. I don't even know how they could make fresh guac so flavorless. I would not recommend on the border to anyone and am keeping my fingers crossed that I will not have to make a return visit.
Everything was great until I saw our waitress sweep up a mess on the floor from another table then swept the seat of the chair.  Oh and she was having a conversation with her manager at the same time, and he didn't say a thing about it! Gross! Is that how they clean off the tables too!?
Terrible service, our waitress was never around. They got our order wrong and when they brought out the correct order it was cold. The food had enough salt on it to cure several hams. 
We won't be back.
Slightly pricey for run of the mill Mexican cuisine, but I have truly enjoyed the food every time I have been. Their grilled fish tacos are delicious, and the black beans are as well! Mmmm
Taco Bell and I go way back.  It is not the greatest food by far, but at 2:00 in the morning after a hard night out, there are times I would kill for some nachos.  

This location in particular stays open until 3, so I have a good hour after last call to make it.  And it is walking distance from my apartment so that makes me extra happy.  During the recent remodeling, the drive thru stayed open every time I had a need.  And for that, I give 3 stars.
Disclaimer: The 5 star review is based on a baseline for the average Taco Bell which frankly isn't the most highly prized food establishment.  I would say only 50% of the time they get my order right and I don't make a habit of eating there but sometimes it's cheap and easy for this vegan.

After getting dragged into work for a 14 hour emergency day on a Saturday I was seriously hungry when I finally left the office shortly after midnight. I have had this experience at this particular Taco Bell once before but had long forgotten about it. A few cars were in the drive-thru for some late night nosh, when I pulled up the speaker boomed:

 " AND HOW ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? " " THAT"S FANNNNNTASTIC!! " " WHAT WILL YOU BE DINING ON THIS EVENING?"(I am paraphrasing). 

The window/order taker was a riot. I entertained him back an forth, when I ordered a Tostada(no cheese) and a Bean and Rice burrito with no cheese his reaction was " MMM, That sounds delicious! " After 14 hours staring at a computer this put a smile on my face. When I got to the window part of the act was over but they guy was super friendly and honestly looked like he was having a good time.

Lot's of people treat fast food workers like they are second class citizens and I haven't figured that one out yet.  If someone can work a late Saturday night fast food job and to put a smile on a customers face while keeping sane then he is a better man then I. 

To top it off, he had my drink, bag of food,and fire sauce ready and waiting. Uber fast and friendly service. This guy(and late night crew) should make the rounds to other establishments. They could teach the places that charge $9.99(rather then .99) for a taco a think or two.

Hit this late night drive-thru for great service and some comic relief.
My pregnancy has made me a chalupa fanatic!!!  I recommend ordering your drink with no ice though- sometimes they fill the entire cup with ice and then you are left super quenched!!
So you know how some restaurants charge you up the Wazoo for "extra" this or that?
Well I ordered a side of extra shredded cheese, tomatoes and pizza sauce and I was only charged 60 cents extra! They filled up each ramican to the very top and did not screw me! There food is great for Fast Food Mexican, I've been eating there every since I got my baby teeth and still love it!
New First Meal/Breakfast Review:

A couple of months ago the AZ Republic had coupon inserts for Taco Bell's roll-out of their new breakfast menu. They call it The First Meal. Not being a breakfast person, I ignored it. 

Well, several months later, more and more TBs are starting to serve breakfast.  Soon almost all their Phoenix locations will have it. What can you expect?  Typical Taco Bell faire with some interesting twists. 

Their big new item, is something call the "AM Crunchwap".  Your choices are either bacon or sausage. I tried the bacon and it's quite good.  It's a little smaller than their normal Crunchwrap, maybe 3/4 of inch.  It's filled with scrambled egg, bacon, cheese and a creamy Jalapeno sauce that gives off a little heat.  Yummy!

The key to the sandwich, besides the flavorful sauce, is a very thin circular hash-brown that is in the middle of the wrap.  I liked it and it's priced at only $2.49 each. BTW, breakfast is served until 11 am.

Should Mickey Ds next door start worrying? No. But along with their Bacon or Sausage Skillet (Soft Taco) for $0.99, it's a nice alternative.  The Combo meal ran me slightly less than $4.00, excluding tax.  

Surprisingly, there doesn't seem to be any decent coffee option.  When I paid, the server offered me a medium drink. Taco Bell's First Meal won't change my habit of skipping breakfast, but I might give them a try every couple of months.

Wow, I just gave a Taco Bell Four Stars.  D'oh!
What is it about Taco Bell?  It's consistently good, and a GREAT value!!!  I crave their bean burritos, they are so good. I order them with extra onions, gives them a little "crunch". Try their green sauce, it's SO good.
I ordered one taco, just wanted a quick bite to eat. The taco is what I expected it to be. The service here really wasn't the best I have had. I was kind of disappointed. I went through the drive-thru, they have two windows, one to pay and one to pickup. I went to the first window to pay. I saw the worker inside the window, but it took her awhile just to even realize I was there. I've been to other company's drive-thru and they open the window right away and say hello. If they are too busy to take your money, they say something. Here, she opened the window after awhile and just said the total. No hello or anything else.
Ordered dinner the other night because I was too lazy to cook. Ordered nachos no beans. When I got home I discovered it only had beans, being too lazy to go back I called. I figured they would replace the nachos the next time I was there. I spoke with Jody(manager) she was very pleasant. She said the next time I visited she would take care of it. I went back today and Jody went above & beyond to make sure I was taken care of. The team was also very sweet. Thank you Jody for making sure I was a satisfied customer .
Got really sick after eating at this Taco Bell - up all night with an upset stomach after just two chicken soft tacos.  I generally like Taco Bell but won't be going back to this one (or any, any time soon).
Oh man. The real question is, why? Why Taco Bell. This is the only fast food I've never gotten sick from. Until just last night...


I Woke up in the middle of the night sweating and some sort of uncomfortable smut festering in my lower intestine. Then I knew... Taco Bell was a bad choice. After hours of what seemed like a bad super soaker commercial that was taking place in my very own bathroom. I could of swore the damage was done and I can rest. 

I was terribly mistaken once again.. With little to no more hope left in my immune system, I drove to my doctor where he then diagnosed me with "shigella". Fun fact: this specific type of bacteria is caused from a sort of physical contamination. To be more specific, human fecies. 

I recommend that the entire staff takes a workshop on how to properly wash your hands and or learn proper glove usage.


Will I return? No. Save yourself the physical anguish. Do not eat here.
I know, I know, it's Taco Bell.  But I had to give props to the new one on the block because, after my girlfriend craving it for days finally went over there.  We decided to go in and I'm so glad we did.  This one is designed really nicely!  The walls are painted in bright but not annoying colors.  There are booths, tables and bar top tables spaced out enough that even if it was full no one would feel on top of each other.  And the people didn't even looked upset to be working there.  (You know how some folks get that look?)  I know it's only a few months old, but it was super clean - even the bathrooms!  

And the food?  It was actually good.  Well, good for Taco bell.  Everything was hot and had the right amount of sauce that it should have had.  They forgot the green onions on a Mexican pizza, but beyond that it was all just as you'd want it to be.  

If you're ever fast food searching in the area, know that this should be a safe spot for you.  And sometimes, isn't it just a relief to know which ones won't screw up your order?
Despite my best efforts, I like Taco Bell. 

Yeah, I've heard the rumors. The "D" Grade Meat, the cockroach stories. I'm skeptical of all of them, but moreso because I don't want to believe them.

I acknowledge that TB is not even remotely close to what is classically considered healthy. But what about health of mind and spirit? What can deliver that better than deep fried cheesy goodness of Taco Bell?

Not buying it? It was worth a shot. 

Here's My Point: I actually believe that the "deciders" (yeah, I said it) or head chefs that create and select the temporary specialty items for Taco Bell have something going on. The Double Decker Taco? The Cheesy Gordita Crunch? The Supreme Chalupa??? These were all creative and tasty pieces of America's culinary history. In the gross, fast food section.
Taco Bell, it is what it is man. But they always deliver! and HEALTH... hey man, you DO get lettuce, tomato, cheese.... they havent found those to cause cancer yet!! TACO BELL.. the only thing worth eating after midnight!
In a town where there's no substance, no culture, where the only lovingly cooked hunk of meat is the care the drones at Native New Yorker take in making sure they poured the right pre-packaged sauce onto your order of chicken wings. Yes, in this insepid culinary anti-mecca sits a beacon of light and TACO be this BELL's name! 

Hardee-Har-Har!!

Okay, maybe I exaggerate. Perhaps the hot wing sauces at NNY are NOT prepackaged? lol... but I digress. 

I do like this Taco Bell, it doesn't have the ghetto overtone that most TBs in the city have. It's cleaner than most also. My favorite meal is three tacos with a Baja Blast & carmel apple empanada. Baja Blast is the BEST part of going to taco bell! It's an awesome soda! I wish they bottled it! I'd totally buy it by the two liter! :) 

Anyway - it's an awesome place. BUT they close early compared to other Taco Bells. so that kinda suckz. but oh well. it's all good. :)
I looove taco bell so much!! My favorite is the Mexican pizza!
The saying "wash your veggies before you eat them" takes on a whole new meaning for me today.  The lettuce in my taco tasted like dish water! The taste was an instant turn off. 
I no longer go in to eat as the overwhelming smell of bad meat hits you as you walk in the door!  
The beans on the nachos reminds me of mud and tastes about the same. 
Truly a fast food place with increasingly nasty food every time I go.
We were on the run last weekend and we had to drive thru the taco bell for breakfast, the sausage burrito was listed as 1.29 on the menu outside but it rang up $ 2.29, when we questioned the difference, she told us the menu was wrong, I told her I would pay the MENU price, and not what her register rang it up as, she seemed huffy that we called her on it. Sadly enough we will never venture there again, based on this MANAGER'S attitude!
Everytime my sister gets out of school she wants to go to Taco Bell and finally I gave in a took her. As we walked in you can see how nicely kept the building was and automatically got a great vibe from the employees. our cashier was funny and even cute (single ladiessssss :)). 
The was not very hot but still warm enough to where it tasted good. The only thing i ever really complain about is that everytime I eat tacos I have a horrible after taste left in my mouth , next time I'll buy gum before I go! 
Its a great place for on the go , just got off work or put of school type place.
Can you say " quiero Taco Bell ?"
Do we really need this in our lives?  Really?  REALLY????

This is the second such place I've seen - the first was over a year ago and I'd almost forgotten but I think it's over on 7th street near Dunlap.  They just closed down the Taco Bell on Central and built this here.   But really???  

Sigh... what's sad is how it makes my family happy.  I could (but don't anymore) eat Taco Bell 3-4 times a week easily and never feel like it was too much.  Girlfriend feels close to the same for Long John Silvers, especially the hush puppies, but there's never been one near our house.  Until now.  And where did they put this?  On our path between home and the gym.  Grrr.....

So we relented after a long night and figured we'd get it over with. I can't get over the smell when you walk in.  Funky.  But the interior is done nicely with lots of booths and low tables.  Best part is a large round table that can easily sit 6.  They are kinda going for a seaside Mexican seafood look.  It doesn't work so well, but it's certainly not bad.  My tacos were yummy.  She said her fish was a little greasy.  (Don't even know how she can tell.  But apparently she can.)

It's not important cuisine by any means, but it's not the worst fast food in the area.  But again, did we really need this?
Their drive through needs updating, otherwise your average tacobell and long john combo store, the server was very nice
After hearing about the huge commotion around Taco Bell's new "Doritos Locos Tacos", I whipped in here to try one.  They first came out last year and Taco Bell had to hire 15,000 more employees to handle the sales of this taco of over 1,000,000 per day!  Then just recently, the newest flavor, Cool Ranch, came out, & there were near riots at Taco Bells when the release date was delayed a little bit!

Ok, so I whipped into this Taco Bell for a first visit to try this sales sensation.  First off, while the dining room is modern and nice in a way, I didn't find the seating arrangement very comfortable for actual dining, compared to similar restaurants.  This is just a matter of personal taste of course, & someone else might like the setup here.

Up at the counter I placed my order for a "Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Taco Supreme" ($1.69) with unfriendly counter person "Steve", but when he told me the amount I knew that he had the order wrong.  I had ordered ONE ITEM, A Cool Ranch Doritos Locos SUPREME taco, not the regular one, and a cup of ice water since they don't have milk shakes, which was what I really wanted to drink...  TOTAL ORDER, TWO ITEMS!

After what seemed like longer than it should have taken to prepare one taco in a restaurant that had only a scattering of customers, it finally came up, but they lost track of my drink, so I ordered it again.  ABOUT A MINUTE LATER, TWO EMPLOYEES managed to prepare a cup of water and place it on my tray, as the taco got cold.  I also had to ask for some hot sauce and they seemed to have to go looking for THAT somewhere!

ONE STAR FOR THIS VERY POORLY RUN DISASTER CASE TACO BELL!!     :-O

The actual taco?  I thought it was delicious.  The only complaint here is that it isn't very big, and if you were to order four or five of them to make a meal, you would be at $6.76 or $8.45 without a drink, more than a full meal at some excellent full service Mexican restaurants around the Valley.  Ugh.
Service is usually very sloppy in this location and they often mess up orders.

Figured I could be more descriptive.. My family loveees tacos. With a passion. But every time we seem to visit this location we're lucky to get our orders correct. Plain is plain! -_- it's cool to stop by when the Diamondbacks win, but eh, we've moved on :(
If you're going to close early and leave all your lights on, including the drive thru light,  at least pay attention when people are sitting at the sign waiting to order. Is that not common sense?
Fast friendly service. Ate at the long johns part. But forgot a piece of my fish. They did replace it, but not really the point. Room for improvement. Was clean at least. But had to ask for ketchup to be refilled and the little cups to be refilled. Sighs.
This is my second visit to a Moe's Southwest Grill.  My first visit was the location outside of the Jobing.com arena in Glendale a few weeks back before a concert.  When you walk in, the employees behind the counter all yell "Welcome to Moe's!".    I only had a short amount of time for lunch today (about 20 minutes) so I was hoping for a quick turnaround on my order.  

I ordered the "Joey Bag of Donuts" , Moe's name for their burrito with rice, beans, chicken, shredded cheese, and salsa.  My burrito was made to order fairly quickly.  The "Joey" was good - it reminded me a lot of Chipotle's large burritos.  Between the two I'd still probably choose Chipotle.  Fortunately guacamole was included as a side with the combo because the tortilla chips were kinda bland.

I'd recommend Moe's If you're looking for a quick, fresh meal.  Just make sure you have enough time to eat yours.  I ended up being about 8 minutes late!
I thought that the burritos here are ok, but nothing special. Not too similar to Chipotle in my opinion, except for that they both serve the same type of food. The chicken quesadilla is by far the best thing on the menu, but other than that I have nothing to add to the previous review.
I found this place after getting something in the mail and thought I would check it out.  I was so glad that I did.  It's easy to find, on the Southeast corner of Kyrene and Elliot in a shopping complex.  

This place is great. It's kind of what I would call a "fajita bar."  Basically, they have a menu, but you pick and choose basically how you want to build your food.  They have Tacos, burritos, fajitas, all made to your liking.  (think Subway here folks, but substantially better.)

I ended up getting the steak burrito, (I think it was on the menu as a "joey bag of donuts) and it was yummy! Very tasty. IM STUFFED.  You choose what kind of rice you want, toppings, steak, chicken, etc.  They have a nice variety of food to choose from.  you can get a combo thing with chips and a drink, or just a burrito/taco/fajita alone.  Either way, your going to walk out of here with a TON of food.

I liked this place because its fresh and hot, and theres variety.  I guess being that I grew up outside of AZ, I wasn't raised on southwestern food, so Im learning to grow a taste for it.  I feel like this is the place I can enjoy good casual dining, for a good price, and enjoy the flavor of the southwest on my stomachs terms.

The only thing I did not like was that I felt like the service could have been better.  I had lots of questions about the menu, and how things work here, since it was my first time to this place.  I kind of felt like the guy behind the counter didn't want to take the time to answer my questions that I had, and when I asked him questions, basically he pointed to the menu and that was hius way of answering me.    Some kind of positive interaction would have made this a 5 star event.
Moe's is my all time favorite Mexican Restaurant. I love that they yell "Welcome to Moe's" when I arrive and the steak tacos are to die for. Everyone I've taken there has become a devout lover of Moe's as well. I highly suggest trying it if you haven't already. It's amazing.
I've been to Moe's a couple of times and just don't get it. The burritos and salads are "meh".  Priced around the same as Chipotle, if not marginally more by a buck or two, I wouldn't really come here again.  Their salads need A LOT of work.
I would just like to say that I actually feel this place should get 3 1/2 stars.  

Love the burritos.  Not crazy about the salsa.  staff is super friendly and I love them.  Burritos are HUGE.  I love how they make them according to your likes in front of you.  A little bit over priced i think but not bad at all.

I could probably go quite often and if I am in the area I do.
I reallly want to like you Moe's.  I do.  I live so close and you are sooo convenient.  BUT.... I ventured out for a taco salad last week, excited for some mexican delicousness with a side of my favorite condiment, guac.  What I got was a flavorless chicken salad with so so guac on the side.  Even my bf agreed my guac is better and not only am I not a "cook", I am also not of Mexican heritage.  I expected much much better.  Dang.  I am still looking for that authentic Mexican taste in a quick take out, and I know it's out there...
When I am starving for a burrito, and at work, Moe's answers the call.  That being said, I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here.  Better than fast food, Moe's manages to serve up tasty burritos.  

I do not get the naming system at all, so I am always confused when trying to decide if I want a "Joey Bag of Donuts" or a "Triple Lindy" - no, I don't want either.  I want a freaking steak burrito.  It reminds me of the pretentious naming convention at Starbucks, only with an east cost feel.  However, I usually ignore this and just tell them what to stick in my tortilla, and let the cashier sort it out at the end.

Every meal comes with chips, so I was able to sample the full salsa bar - it's decent.  If they sold jars of it, I would pass, but for a quick lunch fresh salsa beats Taco Bell any day.

The staff is always friendly, and the line moves quick during the lunch rush, which is important if your time is limited to a half an hour.  Gets a little noisy in there sometimes, but over all, it's great for a slightly better than fast food lunch.
Just went for lunch with a coworker.  We hit Moe's up right after they opened.

I had the Triple Lindy - which basically equates to the stuff you get on it, not the actual ingredients.  The black beans were good, cooked just right and plenty warm.  The steak was flavorful and tender.  Everything was proprietor well with no one item overwhelming the others.

I had the iced tea for a drink, and other than needing a lot of ice to make it cold, it was tasty - no sweetener needed (they also serve sweet tea if that's your thing.)  

The chips, as always were fresh and tasty, nice an thin, and not over salted.  The salsa had good flavor and was a good consistency, perhaps a little thinner than I personally prefer, but not bad.

Overall, it was a good lunch, not too filling (because I didn't finish my burrito & chips) and not too bad for me and my diet.
I had read about Moe's here on Yelp.  So I thought I would stop by and have a meal.  I drove by Kyrene and Elliot and couldn't find the place.  

After looking a little closer there was an empty storefront where Moe's was supposed to be.  

RIP Moe.  You probably won't be missed because there are plenty of other really good southwest grill places to eat, and apparently you didn't stand out.  Maybe Larry or Curly will do better.
Moes! Why did you leave?  I wanted a tasty burrito and you were gone! I can't believe you left me without saying goodbye, or at least leaving me a note (and a burrito.)
A very clean, very neat and friendly Taco Bell.  I've been here several times and always gotten high quality (for the Bell) food and good, prompt service.
Check your order before you leave the drive-thru or risk discovering only 75% of your order filled by the time you get home.
Clean place, food is what it is. The jackass behind the counter wearing the sombrero and yelling really bad lil john impersonations is way too much. Get some class or respect your customers.
Screw this place. Seriously.

If I'm going to TB, I'm 90% of the time doing drive-thru. If I don't have the time to respect my body, I don't have the time to sit on plastic chairs and listen to top 40 garbage, either. Both times I've been to this particular restaurant, I got held up for an excessive amount of time behind a female who so charmed the drive-thru personnel that I had to wait an extra 10 minutes. The first time I had to fight off a horde of angry ASU sophomores who took exception to the trollop who cut in front of us on foot and got service. This time, I decided to share it rather than cause trouble. Take that, class of 2012.
Haven't been to Taco Bell in a while and boy have I been missing out.  Check out the new sauces; besides Mild, Hot, and Fire, there are Verde and Fire-Roasted Peppers.  The Verde green sauce is a delicious touch to taco bell food, and the Fire-Roasted Peppers sauce was rockin'!  I covered my XXL Chalupa and enjoyed a Grilled Stuft Burrito like always.  Mmm...Mmm...Mmm...

Taco Bell + Delicious sauces = Heavenly food coma, and maybe some gas! 

=)
Not that Taco Bell would normally be considered a Four Star restaurant ~ however when rating Taco Bell's to each others. . .this location is very good. It's in a great location so it's quite busy yet its always very well maintained ~ doesn't seem to have a lot of turn over ~ very well trained friendly staff. The menu is always changing ~ nice variety ~ always fresh. 

It's a blessing to have a inexpensive clean place to grab a bite to eat.   Love that Taco Bell has gotten on the healthy food option train.  It's good . . .and getting better. 

Blessings
:)
KC
I've had my fair share of drunken late night trips to this particular location, but even in a sober mindset, I give this place 4 stars. The workers are friendly (as friendly as a 40+ something year old can be while working in a fast food joint) and one time the nice lady working the drive thru gave me a free fruitista freeze. The food is always good (in terms of Taco Bell standards) and they've never messed up my order EXCEPT on one occasion......

The gentleman working the drive thru failed to put a fork in the bag for my cheesy fiesta potatoes!!!!!!!! Of course I realized this after the fact, when 10 cars were still waiting for their food.... driving through again wasn't too appealing of an option.

Taco Bell almost got 5 stars out of me, but I had to give a 1/2 star deduction for the forkless cheesy fiesta potatoes incident and another 1/2 star deduction for the loud fat ratchets that swarm this place on Friday-Saturday nights.
just check your order before you leave.... hard thing when you go with 4 other people in the drive-thru.... wouldn't want to find out things missing after you left.
Extremely friendly staff. This is the first location of Taco Bell that hasn't messed up my order yet! It is near ASU so it get busy late at night, but what do u expect.
My mom wanted taco bell the other night, so we stopped in for a quick bite and I don't think I will be back. The location seemed dirty. I ordered the cheese nachos and was very disgusted when the order came out. They were on the typical fast food tray, but unfortunately there was no tray liner. I have seen how "clean" those trays are so needless to say I didn't eat the chips that rolled out on the tray. Lucky for me...when you order the nachos you don't get enough cheese for all the chips anyways, so I was still able to finish the cheese.
I don't like Taco Bell very much nor come to Taco Bell often.  I get constantly reminded why I don't eat here thirty minutes after I finish my food at ANY Taco Bell.

This one.  This Taco Bell is a pure gem.  I'm not giving this place FIVE STARS because of the food, I'm giving this FIVE STARS because it gets wild here! 

If you like to people-watch college students in Tempe, you need to come here!  The staff are incredibly helpful and are patient, even under the hectic circumstances.  This place deserves a good rating.
I wish they didnt take olives out of their food.  Otherwise good quick fast food.
I came in for dinner with a friend and order a combo meal. As I was eating I unwrapped my taco and it was soaking wet and just wasn't edible. We took it up to the counter and the Restaurant GENERAL manager said oh well it has been sitting there. Seriously?! Learn a thing or two about customer service. I will NOT be returning.
Fast and food as expected.
Well friendly service is about the only positive I can give for this location. I waited too long at the window for my food. No one was in the drive-thru, but service was slow enough for the guy to tell me "sorry for the wait." I had a hunch to check my order (something I do not practice routinely) and noticed they forgot my tacos. I got home about 7 min later to eat my food as soon as I arrived home, only to experience soggy food! Yuck! Boo hoo! I'll stick to home made tacos with a bag of Doritos on the side!
Pleasant service, however, you must nearly always expect a wait if you order from the "Pizza Hut" menu... you get a hot, fresh order, but if you're looking for "fast" food- stick with the "Taco Bell" menu...
We went to this location specifically for breakfast.  I did a head to head comparison of the sausage breakfast burrito by Taco Bell and that of McD's.  What I liked was that the burrito was bigger than Mc.D's they used real cheese and brand named sausage.  What I didn't like was that the burrito was bigger, it needed more filling or a smaller tortilla, one way or another.  It was also missing the onions and peppers.  My wife had the bacon crunch wrap and that was good as it was prepared.

The best part of this visit, was the staff, they answered our questions, ask our opinion and listened.  The manager, David, had a Breakfast burrito made and added the Green Sauce to it, it was really good.  He also advised us that there is a new breakfast menu coming out to all the AZ Taco Bells soon and improvements have been made.  

I can't wait to try the new menu, I feel they were on the right track with what they had, and hopefully will continue to get better.
Yes I've experienced better Chipotles. This location is always busy so when we order lunch for the office we fill out the fax sheet. Kinda hard to screw that up but somehow they did. My co-worker crossed out both squares for the beans, which clearly means NO BEANS. Well she got both black and pinto beans. She also complained that she didnt get enough meat. 

My order wasnt screwed up but about halfway through my bowl I kept asking myself  "where the f is the meat." After digging some more there was still barely any meat. 

We have eaten at that location several times and although the food is always good, they often times manage to screw something up. Never big screw ups but something is always off. 

No complains about the Alma School and Queen Creek location.

Pluses: Nice location, liquor license!
4 days to Burritoholic!

It all stared 4 days ago....just like any other ordinary day.  Someone mentioned I should check out this burrito place in lue of my usual.  I say, hey why not right.....wrong!!!!  Dam you Chipotle, dam you and your YUMMY food!  Monday was testing the waters, Tuesday was making some adjustments, Wednesday was fine tuning the little things, and Thursday I had it down to a science.  Oh ya, 4 days in a row for lunch.  Need I say more?
Ever since I was diagnosed with a Gluten intolerance, Chipotle's yummy burrito bowl has been my constant companion. The barbacoa is seasoned well and works even better with a kick of the Chipote Tabassco sauce!
I absolutely love Chipotle and in the past this location has been fine but tonight was awful.  My boyfriend decided to order online which seemed like a great idea except when he got home I realized something wasn't right about my burrito before I even opened it up.  It was misshapen and even though I just removed half the foil the burrito just fell apart. It's like the contents were trying to escape the tortilla. So I gave up and tried to eat it with a fork when I realized the meat wasn't fully cooked, as in tasted raw in the center of those tiny pieces (of which the burrito was seriously lacking). While my boyfriend's dinner seemed fine, he also commented that something didn't taste quite right.  

Do I have to watch you make my food to get a decent burrito?  I've worked in fast food and just because someone calls in an order it doesn't mean you get to be lazy.
I love Chipotle and I've never had a bad meal at this location.  It does get busy at lunch, but the line moves fairly quickly.  The staff is always friendly, and the Margaritas are great!
This location has always gone above and beyond for me.  I have Celiac Disease and cannot ingest gluten.  Not only do they know their menu well (all of them) to steer me in the right direction, they follow the corporate guidelines for gluten intolerance perfectly including changing gloves, spoons, containers, washing hands, wiping down the line, etc.  They go out of their way to make sure you feel safe eating there.  What I especially like is they don't make you feel like a pain like sometimes other locations and restaurants can.  For some reason, them seem to understand that my need for them to follow protocol is a serious thing related to my health which I appreciate.  Even when I order online, the manager reviews often times what they've done or notes that they did follow gf procedures which gives that extra piece of mind.  I've been there many times especially when busy and I appreciate when one of the staff recognize me or my order which makes me feel welcomed and appreciated as a customer.  I have written tot he corporate office regarding their inconsistent gf protocol in each store (which is still better than the average restaurant and their understanding of gluten free) and mentioned that this location goes above and beyond and should be used as a model location.

I appreciate all they do!
Burritos and Bodybuilders

There's not usually much decor in Chiptole.  They keep their decorations and their food simple and to the point. But if you're in the age range of 15-40, there's plenty of male eye candy.  I think I saw 3 men who's muscles were 5 times the size of mine.  In fact, most of the people in the restaurant were men.  I'm not sure why or how, but it made my tacos a little tastier. ;)

Enjoy!

No five starts because I watched them put sugar in the rice. There's already so much sugar in everything, we don't need more in the rice please.
awesome place to eat. I come here regularly on my lunch break in the service is always friendly I recommend asking them to 'mix it up' for you once your burro is done they mix it all up before wrapping it :)
Went on a Friday night when it was super busy.  Line went fairly quickly and they were generous with their helpings...yes even the meat!  Everyone was really friendly.  Will go back again for sure!
The best hangover food!
I would never visit this location again. 

There meat portions are horrible. It is like they are being paid to skimp on the meat serving. Each time I have gone, you have to order double meat just to get a full scoop. 

I like Chipotle, and this is convenient for me which is why I have gone, but after this most recent visit I will drive to a different location even if it is further for more quality.

Also, they are always backed up with a long line.

I would recommend the Alma School location. They are fast, food is much better portioned, and staff has always been friendly.
Worst ever! I typically like these restaurants but this one is horrible.  Waited forever for our food and had to ask for one item since it was forgotten in the steamer. Then we were rewarded with it being slammed into a basket and shoved at us by a sneering girl who worked at a snail's pace. The chips were stale and the entire seating area a filthy mess. They weren't busy, so there's no excuse for any of this.
Had lunch with the wife, can't go wrong eating at Chipotle!
This used to be my go to Chipotle, compared to the one at Alma cause their rice was always undercooked. But I might head back there now cause like stated before on other reviews, the portions SUCK! The amount of food they give: whether it's rice, meat, salsa, etc., its all VERY LITTLE. not to mention the workers there are never happy. Never. Again.
I love the food here but every time I go, they see that I'm 15, maybe they think I'm younger (I'm around 5ft 5in so that might be why), and they give me half the meat and rice as the other people in front and behind me. Then I ask for more meat to get the same amount of meat that they give to other people and they want to charge me extra for a double serving. Because of this, I am usually not full when I am done with my meal. It is unfair that they want to charge me extra for the same amount of food that they give to other people for normal price.
I love*d* Chipotle until today. I waiting in line for 15 minutes. I got up the nice burrito-ista took my order and then she gave me the finger. Not the middle finger but the index finger. She told me to wait a minute as she pulled an online order off the wall and started putting together their order. Why did my time and money just suddenly lack importance? Do they really think customers won't be put-off by this process? Do they think at all about how this process would make their customer feel unappreciated? I say give a guy in the back a station to make online orders. Let the people with enough gumption to go into the restaurant actually place their order without getting "bumped" by someone who isn't even there.
Came on here to see whether I was crazy or if other people were experiencing the same two things: really slow service and very small portions. Yes and yes, it seems like. 

This has to be the slowest Chipotle in the nation... I will drive out of my way to go to other locations just to avoid the cashier who is there at night and wants to have really awkward conversations with EVERYONE in line. I even tried to be on my phone one time so I could avoid it. 

If you need to finish a book, head over to Chipotle and wait in line. You'll have the time to read that and maybe another.
Avoid at all costs unless you enjoy standing in line watching 4 people try to figure out how a burrito is made.  Slowest location I've ever seen, even when there's no line.  Never going back.
The food at Chipotle is amazing of course!

But... There is always a line at this location because of how slow they make the food. They do skimp on the portions and seeing other people complain about it on here just reaffirms my suspicions. 

The workers have been courteous in my experiences... they just don't give a lot of meat.

ALSO, the online ordering really slows the process down. I waited a long time while online orders were being made. Get rid of this online ordering, Chipotle. This is ruining your customer service.
This is the worst Chipotle location ever. 

Lines are always out the door... And I've never seen a line move so slow in my life. No joke, plan to wait around 30 minutes. There are 3 reasons for this:

1. The employees are slow... And don't listen. I can't tell you how many times I've either had to have them remake my order entirely due to a lack of communication or add sides because they only put on a teaspoon of hot sauce.

2. Not sure why people don't use the online ordering. In the land of Mormons (aka Gilbert), this would really make a difference in the line... One person will be ahead of you placing 10 orders they are reading off their phone. 

3. Samples. "Can I try the chicken?" Who the hell needs to sample chicken?! I mean really, people. Get yourselves together. 

You're much better off going to the Chipotle location on Gilbert between Ray and Warner.
Great Taco Bell. They always ask a couple of times if you want sauce, and I've never NEVER had my order messed up here. That can't be said for a lot of other fast food places nowadays.

:)
Quick service, excellent value for money.
Dining Room closed at 10PM on a Friday ?

Are you kidding me ?  My four year old son and I ended up having to eat our meal in my truck because the dining room was closed.

Anyways, the food is always fresh.  Reasonably priced.  Employees are competent and happy.  I have had no bad experience here.
They love to get my order wrong.
Tuesday at 5 pm .
1) No a.c. in building 2 fans set up for ventilation
2) Not good food and sorta luke warm 
3) Bathrooms smell like raw sewage !!! 

It is very sad that a company makes 500 million a year and the CEO of the company makes 40 million a year but there resteraunts that have hard working employees at minimum wage must suffer ... so sad that this can be legal 

( I work for Fire safety and am in fast food and resteraunts almost all day long and no this is not just one occurrence , stuff never gets fixed ) 

SO SAD
Why am I reviewing Taco Bell? I like this particular Taco Bell because it also is a combined Pizza Hut. 
I like to get pizza on the go when I am in a hurry, so this is pretty convenient for me. What I do not like is that they ALWAYS mess up my order here. I can't even count how many times I've had to walk back into the store and ask for them to fix it. 
One time, they asked me to pull in front of the store to wait for my pizza because it was still baking for about five more minutes. If I wanted to wait for my pizza I wouldn't have come to a FAST food joint. If you don't have it ready, tell met that so I don't have to wait and be late getting back to work. Anyway, I ended up waiting about 10-15 minutes before I walked into the store just to find out that they completely forgot about me. I had already paid and everything! 
I do love that they have Mountain Dew Baja Blast at this location.
This Taco Bell is one of the worst I have ever come across. Don't get me wrong, the food tastes the same as any taco bell, but they have HORRIBLE service. For the second time I have waited over 20 minutes stuck in a drive-thru for food. When I went in to check on my food (they never brought it out) I saw employees sitting on the counter! After all that wait they have people not even working. Lucky Taco Bell's are a dime a dozen and I can just drive to another one.
This location has consistently provided great and accurate service. Darlene is the friendliest employee and makes sure your order is correct.
I have to stress that I used to eat here often , but I travel back and forth from Tempe and Glendale so I just eat along my route. I went here last sunday , and got very bad service. I ordered the meal deal number 4 , the 5 layer burrito with doritos and a medium soda. The 5 layer barely had any meat , any beans , or anything for that matter. To cut costs I'm guessing, they put a smaller tortilla inside a larger one to make the thing seem fuller than it was. I went up and got my money back. I am surprised at this because I usually have excellent service here. But then again the management and employees have changed , my favorite people aren't there anymore. Used to be a good one.
I stopped in and ordered a T4 meal.  Anyone who has used a Taco Bell combined with a KFC would know there's a T4 meal.  However this one is combined with a Pizza Hut (just personal pan pizzas).  The girl did not know what a T4 meal was so I had to explain that it's Taco Bell combo with the mexican pizza.  She said she didn't know of a T4 meal but ordered me the combo meal anyway, I said she should still know what a T4 meal was.  I went to the fountain and poured myself a Sierra Mist, it tasted like carbonated water with no Sierra Mist syrup in it.  I poured it out and got myself another type of drink.  I got the meal promptly and the the girl who took my non-T4 meal delivered it at the counter (I didn't think the order taker would also delivered the meal at the counter).  She dellivered it with a smile.  I ate the meal, it was not held together well, everything fell apart as I ate, it was a mess.  The next day I got the flu, I had the runs all day.  
  I do not know whether she sabotaged my meal but I am sick as a dog.  After reading the other negative reviews for this Taco Bell, it would not surprise me if she did not sabotage my meal (spitting in it or hairs or who-knows-what).  
  Please do not eat here until this place has had a safety review by the health department, FOR YOUR HEALTH.
Wow, It has been a long time since I was in a Chipotle since moving to AZ...  Sure their food is good, but compare to Filiberto's they are WAY more $$$ for a burrito and such.  Yeah they have good chips and guac but honestly it will be hard to go there any more with the other selections here in the valley.  They are always clean and friendly when I have been in and no issues with the food, but just the cost & selections vs. the others has me forgetting about Chipotle.
I visited at lunch time, around 1:30 PM. I didn't think there would be much of a line given the time, but unfortunately there was no parking and the line was out the door. Once inside I realized why there was such a big line: the employees are less than the model of efficiency. After waiting 30 minutes in line, I was unlucky enough to have a lady in front of me who was filling an office order for 10 people. Why didn't she fax in her order you may be asking? Well, she was well aware of the process because she had the DSL (Don't Stand in Line) bulk order sheet in her hand and usd it to read the order to the burrito makers.

So by the time they finished her order, they were a bit flustered and in a hurry. I was ordering two burritos and was further unlucky to have a phone order prioritized between my two burritos. I had to walk back and forth along the counter to tell each person what I wanted on each burrito. That was why they forgot to include guac on my veggie burrito even though I asked for it, and why I didn't notice until it was too late.

I've ordered almost everything on their menu and off their menu and eating a veggie burrito with no guac was my first negative experience.

Am I blaming them for having to wait in line 40 minutes? No, I only blame them for 30 minutes of it. Why was the manager out clearing tables when only a couple tables were occupied and while there was only one burrito maker on the assembly line?

I may go back to this location, but only to get some free guacamole.
The staff was very friendly and I received fast service, but I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.  Most pieces of the steak were too fatty to eat.  I'm willing to try them again - hopefully will see an improvement.
One of my favorite places.  Burritos are awesome, chips and guac is great.  This chipotle's taste I believe is better than other chipotle's, but that could be my imagination.  Overall, great quality food that's well priced and taste great.
Chipotle has always been good to me when I am in a hurry and this is no exception. People who complain about the price should go get food poisoning at some hole in the wall place or at least research it's price range beforehand online (like using yelp DUH) They are fast enough for how busy it gets and I have never had a problem they don't instantly fix. I suggest ordering online because if they get it wrong it's free, and usually still edible / good. The one off the 101 by costco has given me personally at least 15 free burritos/ bowls.

Happy rolling!
We love coming here for dinner or getting take out. It is always consistently good food. The chips and guacamole are great and you get good portions for the price. Only drawback is they use light and dark meat chicken, would love for it to be just white meat.
I love the food here and the people work are always friendly. This location gets very busy during lunchtime and the only drawback is the lack of parking. Go early or after 1 to avoid the rush!
A 12 dollar burrito filled with very chewy steak? Nah, I'm not coming back.
I love their burrito's and could eat them daily if I didn't have to worry about weighing 400 lbs. The problem with this place is the parking stinks and if you go at a busy time (lunch) it is packed and isn't quick to get in and out. This keeps me from going as often as I would like.
Love their chicken burrito with chips...  I like it and we are always out of there in a flash.
We've been frequenting here for five years now and their food is always consistent.  Service is great.  My only complaint - well, there's 2 - is they are SUPER busy during lunch hours and the parking isn't so great.  If you go off peak, no problem.  As far as Chipotles go, this one definitely passes muster!
Don't order online. You pay for what you order but sometimes meat is forgotten, and you're paying for items you don't get. Otherwise the food is good and the people at the counter are friendly.
The 2 stars is mainly for the service.  They were extremely slow!  I have visited other Chipotle locations and even when there's a line, they are fast and friendly.  When I finally got to the register, the girl at the register had to ask me 3 times what I ordered and even though I told her 4 times that I wanted a large drink, she kept handing me the small drink.  Maybe it was because she was more concerned with a co-worker (who had either just gotten off of work or was on break) telling her a story about a friend of his who was having a baby.  It was pretty ridiculous considering the growing line of customers behind me. 


The food as usual is delicious! Can never go wrong with a chicken burrito bowl!  However, the guy who was taking the order was in a huge hurry (there was a long line as usual during lunch) and put less than 1/2 the amount of rice and beans than what is usually put into the bowl.  I had to ask for a little more of each.  When I asked for extra lettuce, the girl putting it on gave me a look like "Really?" and begrudgingly gave me extra lettuce.  

I think I will be heading east to the Chipotle in Avondale next time.  I've never had a problem at that location.

P.S.  Parking is not the greatest here!
My second try at a Chipotle grill.  My first was in San Diego.

I guess I'm just not a fan of the restaurant in general.  This one was no different the San Diego location.  Sort of a Subway "Mexican Style" only with 1/2 the topping selection.

On this occasion I was really in the mood for a good, spicy burrito.  But I don't like chicken, pork or shredded beef.  I really wanted ground beef with the mexican spicing.  I ended up choosing steak.

I didn't want Rice on my burrito nor did I want beans (they have two choices for each).  That leaves a choice of about 5 other toppings.  I added lettuce, cheese, and sour cream.  I asked for guacamole and had to pay extra for it.

Since we had kids with us we added the bag of "chips" and asked for mild salsa.  To Chipotle, Mild Salsa means a cup of diced tomatoes and onions.  NO sauce.  WTF??

It was a frightening mess to eat the burrito.  I need dozens of napkins.  The taste was ok.  Not bad.  But not what I wanted either.

If you've never been to one, and are wanting Mexican food, go find a restaurant.  This place won't do it for you.
Wasn't too impressed with this restaurant. I heard you could build your own creations similar to a Subway style place. They had 3 options of meat, none of which were my favorites, one type of cheese and very limited extras. The girl rolling the burrito was extremely slow at doing so-took her forever to roll it up. I worked at a Mexican restaurant and know it does not take this long!! THe line got really long due to her. The staff was really friendly and nice and they patrolled the drink bar very well, keeping it stocked and cleaned. Overall, they tried hard, but the concept was lacking at best. I won't be back.
It's amazing ever time I go into this fast food establishment cleanliness is far from being existent.  First impressions go along way in all environments but when I see every other table dirty and trash cans overflowing that sends a very sound message.  I have to ask myself what is it that I don't see especially in the kitchen.  Even after complaining to the corporate office nothing has changed!  Most of the employees are young and can be seen laughing and gathering in the back room while tables are dirty, garbage cans are over flowing and ice machine is empty.  Epic fail!
OUT OF MARGARITAS  ... This should not happen in the middle of the day.
The only reason this location gets 2 stard is because i luv Chipotle! I use to have this at least 2 times a week, but now its way less, and the only reason is for the disorganization at this particular location! Like a few other yelpers have stated the service here sucks. On multiple trips i have waited in line for 30+ mins cuz they ran out of stuff on the line and just not efficient. I work in downtown and go to the location at cityscape and that is a model location. Lines are crazy long but the line is always moving. I was soo pissed one day cuz i waited and waited then they got my order wrong and gave me attitude when i mentioned the mistake, so i went online and wrote their corporate office. I basically stated they should look into this location cuz it could do soo much better. Gotta say i have been back to this chipotle and nothing has changed :( so if ur craving and dont wnt to deal drive to the one on 99th!
At least they are consistent because every time I go there the tables and floors are dirty which speaks volumes in a food establishment.
At least they are consistent always every other table is dirty and floors are just as bad.  Cleanliness should be first and foremost in any food establishment and it makes me think what is it that I don't see especially from a kitchen standpoint.
Love it
I really wanted to love this place, especially as they offered such a nice deal (BOGO) for teachers recently. But I didn't, and it had nothing to do with the service as other reviewers have mentioned. We did have to wait in line for about 45 minutes, but I know it was because of the teacher promotion, and I was happy to wait my turn. The portions are, indeed, massive - but the food was only so-so. 

I was stoked that they had organic, hormone free chicken -- but was bummed that they were 'out' of it (and according to a friend, had been out of it for at least a month... due to a supply shortage?). Regardless, I ordered a double wrapped pork burrito and a chicken bowl. The chicken was really disgusting - super chewy, poorly cooked thighs, and the pork was slightly better but just tasted a little 'off'. The rice was slightly greasy,  and while the other toppings were ok, I went there for the meat, and having that be bad in both of my meals (I ordered one for the next day but tried them both that evening while they were fresh) just was a bit of a buzzkill. The place is also fairly pricey for a casual take out joint. 

I doubt I'll go there again, but if I do for some reason, I'll try the vegetarian option and update this review accordingly.
Last time I visited, I placed an order online. I know, burned in the past, but thought I would give it a second shot. The online ordering site allows you to pick a time, and gives the people there at least fifteen minutes to get your order ready. I selected a time, and was at the store 5-10 minutes after the time it should have been ready. When I got up to the cash register, the girl there had to print out my receipt and hand it to the people making it. After a few words with them, they stuck the receipt with my order on the wall. 

I had to stand there waiting another ten minutes before she went over there again, and had to tell the guy at the beginning of the line that I was there waiting for it.The place where I work only gives me a half hour for lunch, and the lines at this place are notoriously slow, so I thought I would be safe ordering online. 

The food is definitely not as good as it used to be. In fact, the bowl I got was pretty watery. Not something I'm used to from chipotle. 

All in all, I don't think I'll be going back. And I dont think I will miss it.
This is not the best location I have been to but it seems like they are getting better. At times this location gets completely packed and with such a small parking lot you often have to park by other stores and walk over. It seems like during those busy times the service is pretty slow compared to other locations I have visited. Any other time service is quick and friendly and the food is always good.
Usually Chipotle rates high in my book but this location is far from what it should be.

My husband and I were passing through on our way to California. It was around 11:30, shortly after the restaurant opened. 

The line to place our order moves extremely slow compared to my other chipotle experiences, when I finally reach the counter they Are out of chicken, shredded lettuce and  fajita veggies, they tell me it will be awhile, so we settle for alternatives that aren't really what we want. We go to get silverware, that entire section clearly has not been stocked. There are no forks and knives, napkins all over the place. 

To top if off I stopped in the. Bathroom on my way out, the bathroom was a mess. Paper towels everywhere and almost no toilet paper. 

I would think that if you are opening and preparing for the lunch rush, you would prepare the key items for your store to run properly. Perhaps it was just an off day but I'm sure Chipotle would be disappointed with this locations representation of their name.
Food was cold. No chicken or steak  had to wait for employees to finish their conversations before giving the lady making the food the meat. Wanted chicken but didn't feel like waiting another 5 min fir my food. Had to wait longer since the front end ran out of cups then employee decided to have a conversation before bringing out the cups
Update still bad service. maybe they need to train better. employees prefer to have social hour then help the guests in their store
My girlfriend and I love Chipotle, and come to this location weekly for an easy and delicious lunch. Today, however, was much different. First, let me say that I have worked in the food and beverage industry for over 10 years, and customer service plays a big role in this environment. We order our usual meals and find a place to sit; my girlfriend immediately notices two black hairs in the cheese of her meal. She takes her taco plate back to the cashier, points out the hairs and that she believes it may have come from the cheese. The staff begins to show each other the plate, and laugh about the fact that there was hair found in a guest's meal, in front of more guests standing along the assembly line. They begin to make her meal again, but continue to use the same products as before, regardless that any may have human hair in them, even the cheese that was specifically pointed out to be the most likely culprit. I give this place 2 stars because normally, the standard of service is very high. This time,  I did not recognize a single person on the line, so I'm giving fault to inexperienced employees. Very poor customer service, not even an apology or offer to pay for the meal was given. I will now be driving to other locations as this one has lost its luster and appeal from poor management, food quality and customer service.
Worst chipotle ever. SLOWWWW service, incompetent staff, and my burrito bowl is missing ingredients. Management- please do a better job at training your employees. They look like deer in headlights.
If you could leave the stars empty I would. Cut to the chase. They ran out of fajita veggies for my wife's vegetable burrito bowl and said it would take one min. After standing there with her awkwardly in line while people passed in front and behind 10 mins and about 15 customers went by. Then my wife spots the girl in the kitchen area grab raw chicken and put it on the grill and then touch the vegetables without cleaning or removing her gloves. Yeah, hope no one eats those vegetables!! Never going here again.
Employees are really loud and very rude while in break. Is there a reason why 3 of them are yelling and laughing hysterically and manage to be louder then all 20 ppl sitting and eating in the dining room?
check it out I was taking my family and some friends to eat and was finishing smoking my cigarette in the parking lot. I was told I could not smoke on the lot. Won't be eating here again. In Goodyear Az
so now they have been "out" of margaritas abt 3 times .. by just 2:00-3:00 in the afternoon. This used to be one of my favorite places for a quick drink and lunch but after being told they are out so many times, I can't count on them anym ore. If I want Chipotle, I'll go to another one. And I'll read their yelps first to make sure they have higher ratings.
First of all, I love Taco Bell anyhow.  But I went to pick up take out for my hubby and wow...the drive thru attendant was SO friendly!

Just wanted to say thanks for the excellent customer service.  We frequently grab food from this particular Taco Bell and I appreciate the hearty "thanks for your business!"

I wish I could remember his name, but next time.  Thanks!
quality is slipping here....slower service....food freshness issues.
I have to admit the TB is a guilty junk food kinda thing when you are vegetarian.  Pretty much anything on the menu can be made vegetarian which is pretty great when you are in a hurry.  This location seems to be about the same as the rest. I'm not sure I can bring myself to give them 4 stars, but the food is what you would expect from the TB nothing life changing, but consistent.  The staff at this location are younger people as are most fast food places who always seem pretty cheerful.  I usually go through the drive-thru and they are always very polite and pretty quick.  Not lightening speed or anything, but I have never driven by because there were a few people in line ahead of me.

So basically they have very nice staff running the drive-thru so if you want some TB then this is a good one.
I normally regard Fast food as well..... fast food! Generally the food is consistent between restaurant locations unless something is pretty off. I also don't normally review fast food restaurants for this reason but this location is the exception tonight. 
First of all I will start with why. In the past five mos or so I have noticed that some of the TB locations have not been as customer service oriented nor as friendly. Again, I have actually and sadly come to expect this from fast food locations. 
Tonight the crew working at this location was very pleasant and outgoing! They were patient, fast and courteous. Additionally THEY asked me if I needed any condiments.( If your asking why that is such a big deal, its because most of the locations now do not ask you if you need condiments. I expect fast food orders that have food which is generally paired with condiments to have condiments provided automatically.
 When they don't just put them in there or I have to remember to ask i generally end up pulling around the side and having to go into the location to go get them. Sorta defeats the purpose of drive through. I inquired about this at one location and they said it was to save money and it was the customers responsibility to ask " its policy". 
I am huge on customer service so you can imagine how this went over! I haven't been back to the other location in years even though I am near it at least three times per week. 
So when this location asked they scored a huge smile from me. Additionally I got home and found that they had given me a little extra! Yay for the times when I go to a location that doesn't provide them, it will save me at least one return trip. Last but not least the order was accurate. 
Crew on duty tonight really had their stuff together.
Be careful if you are vegetarian and order from here.  The last two times they didn't follow my order and I got a chicken burrito instead of a veggie one.
Very disappointing.  If you order the normal stuff and are flexible about what they actually give you then the staff is pretty nice and it's not that bad. It was a guilty thing for me anyway so I'm going to go elsewhere.
I know, I know,4 stars for a Taco Bell location is absurd because it is fast food. However, this particular location has the BEST customer service I've ever experienced at a fast food joint. I've come here about 10 times and I leave smiling every single time. 

When you pull up to the drive-thru menu, you're met with a very pleasant "Hello! How are you today?" The guy running the drive thru is truly an inspiration to fast food service. My meal is always on point, and never sloppy. Of course it is only a Taco Bell, so it is not gourmet cuisine, but who can afford to have bistro food every meal? When eating fast food, make sure you get the best experience you can and I recommend this location for just that. 

I will try to get the name of the specific guy of the drive-thru and I'll post it later!
Quick update, the Drive-Thru guy is "Brad"
Writing a review for a fast food restaurant seems odd but the service at this location is really good and I think they deserve a shout out. I live near this location and I stop by when I'm in need of a quick dinner on the run. My order has always been accurate and the service has always been super friendly. The management at this Taco Bell is doing something right because the associates always seem motivated and happy. The Doritos's taco's are super tasty! Good job Taco Bell on Rural Rd!
As good as any Taco Bell, watch drive thru orders! Only one right order out of last 4. They often miss the details. Napkins, sauces. Interior is dated but clean.
The drunk college students made me really mournful for the youth.  Is this the future of America?  Hooligans. Some teenaged girl asked me to buy her cigarettes and told me she got a felony for possesion of dope.  Other than that it's a standard taco bell except they are very slow and prone to mistake.  Shame on all of you ASU students.  Ugh.
I go here quite often and it's always been a good experience, regardless of whether I go inside or hit the drive-thru. The employees are so friendly and helpful. I have yet to have a poorly made item.
Prompt but the soda is always off tasting. The parking lot smells like sewer gas which can be a definite turn off. Employees are nice.
This one sucks because its a franchise and everything is more expensive.:)
It's TACO BELL!  You get exactly what you order every time, and the quality is always good!
Its Taco Bell
We've had an issue every time we have gone to this location.  Unfortunately when you live as far north as we do, there aren't a lot of options.  If we are out, we will stop at the location at Tramonto instead.  This location is always out of sauces.  They ask you what type of sauce you would like, you say "hot and mild" and they say we only have Fire.  Why not just say this to begin with vs asking what we would like?  The hours on the door indicate the lobby is open until 10PM but it's always closed about 930PM.  In fact the last time we went there, the doors were open and we went in and waited 5 minutes for someone to take our order, but the Manager came up and said "sorry guys we're closed inside, you will have to go thru the drive up".  I looked around inside and there were high school kids in booths eating and horsing around.  The drive-up window is always backed up and extremely slow.  And they always forget something.  This is why we like to go inside.  There is a Del Taco on the other side of Anthem Way.  If you're looking for fast food Mexican late at night, head to the West side of Anthem.
Manager is a joke. Closed extremely  early. Wouldn't talk face to face, had employees running back and forth with messages. This has happened before.
I know it's Taco Bell and it's a revolving door for employees, over the 4 years I've been eating there, I'd rank the service overall a 2 out of 5.

And I know it's asking a lot to order anything special-order (like no sauce or extra lettuce), 5 times out of 10 they mess something up.  Worse than the average Taco Bell. 

Oh, and the Mexican pizza shells are rancid almost every time. So often, in fact, that we never ever order them at the drive through since chances are they will be nasty and you don't want to find out 10 miles down the road.
Food...don't waste your money. Even for Taco Bell this is bad

Ambiance...it's fast food.

Staff...incompetent half of the time.

Verdict...now I know how they got their slogan..."run for the border"....b/c this place will make you want to run far and fast.
This is my favorite Taco Bell location. I am obsessed with Taco Bell and their Baja Blast.

The employees are always so nice and efficient which is hard to find at a fast food joint. Love it!

Five stars on customer service.
This is the worst Wendy's i've ever been to
I come here about once a week, and the employees are always courteous. 
The food is great!

I lost it when I found out that you can no longer order Baja Chicken Chalupa's off the menu, but this place will custom make them for you, no charge, and you can even keep the sour creme on it if you're into that sort of thing.

Five stars for keeping the customer first priority!
You know how the commercial says "Open Til Midnight Or Later" and then there's a little asterisk and nearly illegible text at the bottom of the screen in 1pt font that says "Participating locations only"

This is not a participating location.  :(
Newer, cleaner Taco Bell than most.  Decent parking too, and not exactly a lot of riff-raff customers like many Taco Bells.  Easy to see on the south/west side of the road.
When I'm in a hurry, there's nothing like grabbing a Cheesy Bean & Rice Burrito and a 7 Layer Burrito from Taco Bell.  Yes, I would prefer more authentic Mexican food, but sometimes my schedule doesn't allow for that.

This particular location is clean and the employees here are very friendly.  They get my order right every time and as a bonus, they have their Hot Sauce out in the open for you to grab as many as you want.  They also have the newer Sauces.....Chipotle and Green Sauce.

Return Factor - 100%
As I've mentioned in my Yelp Tip -- they may be slow at times, but they excel at getting the order right!

This Taco Bell opened about five years ago and can be occasionaly slow.  But I'll take slower service every time, if they get the order correct.  It's not rocket science. But for some reason over the years fast food places started focusing on the fast element. At the expense of the experience.

Yeah, I know this is minor stuff.  But how many of us have left a drive-thru window, gotten all the way home and found someone else order in the bag?  Or, an order just totally wrong? Since we do not live nearby, the idea of driving all the way back... well just frosts me.

So don't honk.  Don't get impatient.  Just enjoy the view of the tail lights in front of you, knowing that this is a safe place that you won't have to revisit in fifteen minutes.  BTW, the inside is very modern and immaculate. So, Three Stars "A-OK".
I'm pretty sure the speaker is broken or the employees are just poor listeners because the past 3 times I've gone here (over a two year time frame), they've gotten my order completely wrong. Normally, I wouldn't be so cross about a wrong order, but I don't realize it till I get home.

Also, they have the weakest churros I've ever had. It's just dough and nothing else.
The food is always correct which is great because I always special order without onions. Quintin, the employee in the drive thru, could use a class in manners though. I understand it was lunch hour but a smile and a simple thank you would have been nice.
Simple order. Nachos bell grande with no tomatoes and asked to substitute beef with beans. What did I get? A regular order of nachos bell grande. This was at 8:45 at night with no customers in drive- through or inside. Apparently this was a complicated order for them. Incompetence to say the least. How hard is your job anyways?
Time for a review update.  They no longer serve the Cheesy Bean & Rice Burrito, so I had to substitute one of my favorite menu items with a Bean Burrito.  This is in my neighborhood, so when I'm looking for a quick meal, I stop by here.

The employees working here are usually very friendly.  There's a kid that works on the weekends that's always super friendly and tries to upsell me on various new items they have....pretty funny guy.

It can get busy here on Friday nights when Desert Mountain HS plays their home football games, so if you see a ton of cars and people in there on a Friday, you know what's going on.

I still get my usual order....7 Layer Burrito, 2 Bean Burritos.  It's good for a quick fill up.

Return Factor - 80%
Kyle was very helpful in the drive through and overall a nice kid. Three stars for his service, Taco Bell is Taco Bell. I don't think a yelp review is necessary in determining the food quality
It's no wonder that the line is out the door at this Mesa Chipotle every day. The meu is pretty simple: Tacos, Burritos, Burrito Bowl and chips. BUT everything is delicious -- even the quesadilla which you they will make but isn't on the menu.

My favorite is the Burrito Bowl with chicken, rice, pico, medium salsa, sour cream and cheese. The bow is the way to go for the ladies -- those burritos are huge! And the salty tortilla chips here are some of the best I've ever had.
love this place.  however, the burrito will not get you out of a ticket for driving in the carpool lane. lol.  i have eatin at a few chipotles in the valley and this one has the best service.  they go the extra mile to make the best burrito
Boy I'm a hog in heaven again now that I've found this place. These burritos with the tin foil wrap make for the easiest lunches that are nice and filling. They also serve tacos, bowls and salads, but who wants those? I'm sure they're good, just haven't had one yet. Carne Asada burrito with no beans, extra rice, salsa, sour cream and cheese rocks. 

Be prepared for lines around lunch, but they move quick so don't be alarmed. Friendly service is always there, epically when they tell you guacamole costs extra (only downside.)  This location does seem more oriented toward the lunch crowd as I've seen them bring out extra people to speed things up unlike other locations.  Hope to see you there.
I've been coming here for YEARS (well, not this particular one, but you know what I mean) so it's a little surprising I haven't reviewed them yet! 

This location is probably the best one I've been to-service is always awesome (44th & Thomas sucks with service, as does Camelback & the 51!), location is great-never had any issues with finding parking (unlike the one at Chandler mall = good luck!), and the food is always amazing! 

So if you've never (**gasp**) been here before, it's pretty basic. They offer burritos, burrito & fajita bowls, salad bowls, and tacos (soft or hard, of course). Choose from chicken, steak, barbacoa, carnitas or vegitarian. Option of black or pinto bean. Salsa here is absolutely fantastic!! I ALWAYS get the corn & pico but they have a couple other options for those that like spicier. Obviously cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and guac are available to top it all off. 

I always get the same thing- steak burrito bowl (no rice) with black beans, corn & pico salsa, cheese, and guacamole. My mouth is watering just THINKING about it and I just ate here yesterday!! 

I love that they offer beer & margaritas in addition to the soda option-some days it's just necessary

The ONLY thing that annoys me (just a little) is that EVERY time I ask for guac, they inform me that it's $1.80 extra and is that ok? ugh. Obviously they musta had someone complain about not knowing, but seriously?
I had about 20 minutes yesterday to go in and get the burritos made (we got steak) and get back home.  And it was no problem.  Food was fresh, burrito was very good, they made the burritos exactly how I asked.  The place was sparkling clean.  I got a grapefruit soda, and it was warm and the front counter person was a little snotty, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.  I'll be back!
Chipotle has some good burritos. I usually get the chicken burrito, with hot salsa, cheese and sour cream. 

The guacamole is also my fav, with chips, not on the burrito, it adds a weird taste, but that could just be me. I can never finish the entire burrito, yes, I've tried... but always need to save the rest for later.
My wife, almost 1 year old and myself love going here as setting is quiet, casual and we can kick back not worrying too much about if the baby gets upset. And the food is is good and affordable.
Chicken burrito! That's all I ever get from any Chiptole anymore. This one is kinda sorta hidden over by what was long ago a  Best Buy.
Chipotle is by far one of my favorite restaurants. It's healthy, or as healthy as you want it to be, fresh (they use local & organic whenever possible), and fast. They even have an app (but who doesn't these days) or take orders by fax. This location doesn't seem to have the usual high turnaround of most fast food type places and has several nice employees who remember my order and always smile and chat you up. My only complaint is they don't have red peppers like they're Cali stores. Of course when I asked I was told it's because they use whats best, fresh & local so I guess fresh green peppers are better than frozen red peppers.
Used to get straight up burritos. Know I am kinda on the burrito bowl path. With a little bag of chips and a cold drink you can't go wrong. Makes the dining experience especially for lunch a little pricey but hey. Its fresh Mex.
My friend and I came to Chpotle for dinner we start ordering but I noticed that the steak was not ready so when the worker "Justin " asked me what did I want I said a burrito with chicken and steak but because the steak was going to take a few mins to be ready he gave me a cup for me to get a drink while I wait at this time my friend already had her food and drink at a table so by the time the steak was done and it was a huge burrito Justin again has to help her co worker to heat up 2 tortillas to make the burrito roll now this was nice to my surprise the cashier Taylor told me I didn't has to pay that it was taking care because I had to wait for that long,I'm very happy for the caring and the 100 % customer service here I will come back again and tell everyone too
Thank you Justin,Taylor and Chipotle you Rule.
I LOVE Chipotles spices they use on their steak and chicken like you cannot believe. What I do not love about this particular establishment is that it seems like every time I go they forget to add a part of my order to the to go bag. It takes me a little while to get here b/c of all the stupid traffic lights from my office off of price and southern.  So it is annoying to get to the office finding out they are forgetting to put someones food that was paid for and having to go back to get it or salad dressing for the salad. Kinda stuff that is crucial.

So annoying.
The best place to get out of a bind when you're on the road and want to eat healthy!  I eat here all the time and appreciate the fresh food.  I recently found out Chipotle is owned my McDonalds (I only heard but haven't verified) which I thought was interesting.  Nonetheless, the food is always great.  They recently added brown rice which is a big win for me on the battle of the bulge front.  I also really like the corn pico de gallo they have.  Gives everything a sweet touch.
I love chipotle and this location is the best. Fresh ingredients made your way by friendly and helpful staff. 
Many Chipotle locations tend to have crazy lines and this one never seems as it does. One of the few chain restaurants I will go to.
I love this place I could and almost do eat there every day. The fresh steak salad is the healthiest choice out there!
Extremely disappointed with the service I received today. For being a Sunday and being prime lunch time there were only about 2-3 people ahead of us when we got to the tortilla press yet not one person greeted us when we entered the building, not even the manager who was working on the line. Then when we did get to the line we received no greeting other then 'what can I get for you.' Then was denied my request for a specific item that has been receiving A LOT of attention. I had requested a quesadilla and a burrito and was going to request that my burrito was wrapped with the quesadilla. Commonly being referred to as a 'quesaritto.'

The tortilla press worker didn't consult any other staff and did not take into consideration that there wasn't more then three people behind us. The entire mood of the restraint was actually quite dull. The only person who seemed to be in any type of friendliness was the girl working at the salsa station and even that was minimal. There was NOTHING exceptional or anything near the expectations that I have usually received for a chipotle visit. For the tortilla press girl to refuse my request like that was infuriating and to have an excuse such as 'we don't do that during certain hours' is ludicrous. If I were to visit ANY other establishment and request something off of their 'secret' menu I would never be denied. 

Needless to say I am utterly disappointed with the entire visit and will also be posting said review on Yelp. I hope when I call into the store that they have a better explanation for why I was denied my request since this was the one thing I visited the store for today. 

Also, for the individual just standing in plain site in a baseball cap and street clothes was the icing in the cake for me. I won't be returning to this location ever. 

Only reason I'm giving this is a two star is because I still love the food.
I love Chipotle usually, but when I went into the store for the first time a month ago I was HIGHLY disappointed. The customer service was pathetic. The girls just stared at me like I was in the wrong for bothering them in the middle of their conversation to order. I went back a week ago to give it another shot, because I believe in second chances, but the service was maybe one smile of a difference. They obviously don't care about their customers at this place and just want to be somewhere else.
Not a fan of this location at all. I love chipotle as a whole and it's a great company   This location makes me think different. I usually go during my lunch break and it is usually quite busy but there service is terrible and they give you barely any rice or veggies but charge you an arm and a leg for there tiny portions. I went there yesterday and I'm pretty sure I got food poisoning. They need to step up there game.
Very pleased with the service and friendly customer service at this Chipotle location.  The food was less salty then other Chipotle locations I have tried in the past. The food was stellar.  I was greeted with a friendly greeting from Justin and felt right at home.  I will be back for lunch.  Anthony J. Renguso
I ordered some Long John Silver food, the food was cold and as I drove all the way to my hosue I found out  they gave me the wrong order. Plus the lady at the drive thru window was rude.
If I could go for no stars - this place would be it!

Our order was for take out. Waited 15 minutes for our order, along with everyone else. Than once we received, I glanced in to the 3 bags - all looked good and we headed out.

Got home and we didn't have L2 or L3 and ended up with 2 ears of corn, dozen hush puppies, and not what we ordered. 

Returned waited again just for someone to help me - was given correct order, was never compensated or apologized to.

We were not the only one with an incorrect order. There were 3 other people around us that were given the wrong order. Only the man in the Postal out fit got comped his meal, amazing!

Not going back again - it's just too frustrating.
My past experiences have been pretty much like everyone else's. However, I see a lot of new faces and I believe a renewed effort towards customer service. Keep it up guys, your on the right track!
I usually only post negative reviews, but our last trip to this location was outstanding from a service perspective.  The cashier was very helpful in making sure my daughter's quesadilla did not have the spicy sauce as requested, then came by the table after we started eating to ask if we needed hot sauce or a drink refill.  Oh yeah...and our order was right for the third visit in a row!
Quick service. The employees actually seem happy. Bathrooms always clean. I prefer this Taco Bell over others because their outside deck is huge and shaded. 

Lower the price of limeade and I might actually get one.
Lunch on the run!  This is a real nice, clean location.
One of the best Taco Bell's I have been to.  Ultra friendly Carl and staff made my visit a pleasure.  Food came out fast and hot.  Tortillas were soft and tostada shell was crispy!  

Don't know what else you could want out of a Taco Bell.  Clean too!
Taco Bells all serve the same food in the US. However the employees, location, and cleanliness all vary. This is one of the cleanest TBs I've been in! One HUGE difference is Carl, a 3-year employee, who knows what customer service is.  Even with the transient type person was greeted and handled professionally. He offered him a water cup when he said he had no money. Carl picked up everyone's trash, greeted everyone that came in and left.  That's an employee that's hard to find in any fast food business and in most customer service businesses. Not too sure of the location as we are from out of town. Clean outside and in, Carl is the best!
Eat here whenever I crave a good chalupa. 

Staff is very good. I have been here a lot and I never had an order wrong. Food is fresh and drive through is very fast. 

I have met a lot of great people driving up to the window. Very friendly and personable. But not the type to talk your ear off.
FOURTH MEAL!  24 hour drive thru!

And it's right off the 101 so coming back to my place from a night of drinking in old town or phoenix, it's quick and easy to stop here.
Taco Bell is one of my go to places when I need to eat on the go.  I stopped by this location to grab a quick bite.  Ordered my usual:

7 Layer Burrito, $1.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OqDtFvYZYFNhxaKsFB0zfg?select=YeDTLzUgiy29Vd7jnXW9iw
Cheesy Beans & Rice Burrito, $1.59
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OqDtFvYZYFNhxaKsFB0zfg?select=TRrPCuHkS7JfB--g18Q-Xg

Both were tasty on the fast food scale of taste.....cashier service was quick and accurate.  The only negative was that it took a while for the food to get prepared.

Return Factor - 80%
Here's my theory on the enchirito.

Bob, the marketing director at Taco Bell was someplace else that day, a million miles away as he pensively doodled at his lunch, fork in hand.  
He had an ominous task ahead of him...come up with a new product and fast!
After all, It had been some number of years since he and the team jackpotted-out with that seven layer burrito.
He needed something new. 
Something different.

Time slipping away, he continued to mindlessly needle at his lunch...on this day a number two; the enchilada and bean burrito.
And that's when destiny came calling. 

Holy Shit he thought to himself, snapping out of his daydream. I think I have something. 

        "Wait a second....somebody..SOMEBODY RUN AND GET ME A PAD AND 
         SOME PAPER...I'VE GOT SOMETHING, THIS IS BIG PEOPLE, HURRY!"
       
Bob indeed had something.
All that poking at his number two had managed to combine the burrito and enchilada into an unrecognizable mass, and that's when the gods, copulating at that particular moment, shot a wad of inspiration directly into Bob's uniquely undersized brain.  

         "We're going to call this...are.you ready... .THE ENCH-IRITO," he exlaimed
          proudly to the marketing department.

There were cheers and wild applause from the team. They knew Bob just hit another jackpot as he had so often done in the past.


Well, you know the rest of the story, another star was born in the Taco Bell line-up.
Way to go Bob. (and whoever ran after the paper and pen) 

This is all just a theory, based on a set of postulates including a spork, beans, cheese, a tortilla, and an entire marketing staff, optimistic they'd hit another home-run without a Spanish speaking Chihuahua.

Tip: If you're sick of everything on the menu, try a bean burrito with green sauce. It's not on the menu but TB will make it for you just the same.  
It looks like snot so don't look at it and get all freaked-out.
Just eat it.
It's tasty, kinda hot.
Volcano menu is a favorite of mine.  Staff has always been friendly to me.
Super fast through the drive though. Although one employee who was taking my order through the drive though did yell at me cause I said something wrong which I thought was bad customer service but besides that i'll be coming back here again, and they didn't mess my order up at all which I loved.
Time for an update.  This Taco Bell is located right off the 101 and is very convenient when I'm on the go.  Since my last review, they discontinued the Cheesy Beans & Rice Burrito (Boo!), so I've replaced it with just a regular Bean Burrito on my normal order.

The customer service here is good most of the time.  When you employ teenagers, you don't know what you're going to get, so it's always inconsistent...but they do a good job for the most part.  They've always got my order right and served it up fast.  What more could I ask for?

Return Factor - 70%
This Taco Bell is almost always clean, service is good, and the food is what one would expect from Taco Bell. I take my boys here once a week after school.
best taco bell hands down
Good as any chipotle I've been to.  I always get the burrito bowl, black beans, chicken, corn salsa, hot red salsa, guacamole (only sometimes) and lots of lettuce.  Mmm Mmm good!  I love it.
It's a nice place when you just don't feel like Dell Taco or Taco Bell. The ingredients are much fresher, creating your combo (from behind the sneeze guard) and watching them meld together is much better than sitting in a drive through. Service is usually very prompt and nice, looks clean throughout the store. Seats are kind of hard and uncomfortable to sit on, but I really like the closeness of this location to my house. Kinda crazy to spend $9 for a Izzy drink and burrito, but nice change-up from the regular mexican fastfood joint.
This is my local Chipotle, but they've always proven to be pretty consistent whenever I've ventured elsewhere. The ingredients are fresh, the service is usually good, and the prices are pretty fair for what you get. I usually go with three soft tacos so I can switch it up and get one chicken, one steak, and one barbacoa. Variety is good. I also can't resist their chips and medium salsa, something about that hint of lime and the salt they use just makes it too hard for me to say no. Admittedly, sometimes their food really does a number on my stomach, but it tastes so good that I usually just deal with the consequences later. It doesn't hurt that their is this absolutely gorgeous girl that works there too, which ensures that I make a trip at least once a week.
I know it seems ridiculous to not only take the time to review a chain corporately-owned restaurant as popular as Chipotle, but also to award it five entire stars, but I felt pretty strongly that I needed to.  Chipotle has been a long-time staple of my diet, and I have ventured to it, nationwide.  However, this location is by leagues the most consistent that I visit, and I go at least once a week, since it is local to both my office and my home.  Service is always quick, even during the weekday lunch rush, and I never have to call ahead.  Also, there is one fantastically sweet and positive employee who works the cash register, and considering that we have a conversation every time I'm in, I can't believe I don't know her name.  Whatever. The point is that I am always a Chipotle fan, but I know I'm going to have a hard time adjusting to a new neighborhood Chiptole when I leave this neighborhood... and when you find yourself saying that about a fast food restaurant, you know they've made a real impression.
Why does it seem like the people working at the counter act like you're bothering them when all you want is a little eye contact to order? Did the service go downhill or what? They ran out of rice, so it took a minute for them to make some more so then I make my way to pay first so I'm not holding up the line. But I make sure I tell the girl that I wanted cheese, sour cream AND lettuce before I went to pay. 

Of course she forgets to put lettuce in there, and when I asked her if she had put lettuce in it, she slowly sighed, and slowly unrolled the burrito and put it in there. Dude if you don't like your job, go work somewhere else. Sorry.. your life sucks? Either way I don't have time for your dumb attitude.

What the suck.
They're always super nice at this Chipotle. Today they messed up on an order but quickly fixed it and threw in free chips... as it was part of the mistake. 

I come here at least 5 times a month.
Top notch Chipotle.
I LOVE Chipotle! Everything here is so good. This location has a knowledgeable staff who are happy and pleasant.
Oh Chipotle how I love you...

Excellent fresh food, quick made to order, friendly people. What's not to like? Oh and their motto is Food with Integrity, meaning hormone free meats and locally grown veggies whenever possible. Fast food you can feel good about.
I always have an excellent experience at this Chipotle. They are consistently generous with their portions. The only downside is the ridiculously long lines. I realize Chipotle is extremely popular but at times the lines are insane. But its always worth the wait. 
It is too bad that they had to increase the prices recently but hey, who hasn't with this economy.
One area of improvement would be to keep the ice tea full. Lately I've had to ask them to refill it because its always bone dry. But they always have a back-up ready immediately.
I don't know what it is about Chipotle I've just never liked it.  The food is good, average to me.  The staff is always friendly which is always a plus.  I don't know if its the decor and/or food.  

Who picked the most uncomfortable seating?  And it's in every location.  

I really have nothing further to add.
This particular visit was the 3rd visit I've made to Chipotle in the last few weeks that has been disappointing - subsequently, this will be my last visit. This time, I asked for a carnitas burrito...oh boy! The meat was atrocious - dry, tasted like mold/dirt, and then I got a big chunk or slimy fat & all was done. I couldn't possibly take another bite, nor will I ever again. The only thing they have going for them is the chips & guacamole.
Chipotle - You never fail me! 
thank you for being so close to home :)
The right location. This Chipotle Mexican Grill is consistently excellent. The rice and beans cooked perfectly. 

This location is never a hit or miss, always great food and great service.
Food was okay. Service, however, did not impress me. I stood waiting to order as several employees passed me by and didn't even make eye contact with me, as if they were pretending not to notice me. Like what the hell? Can't they even mutter a simple "hello"? Or "someone will be with you shortly"? Food wasn't too great, I won't be going back. I don't know why Chipotle has such good reviews, it's pretty mediocre.

I'd rather go to Taco Bell.
I have celiac disease and usually don't have an issue with Chipotle. However, today at this location the girl was a complete mess. She didn't understand what celiac disease was, my specific instructions or the need to change her gloves. It wasn't even busy, I won't ever be back. I'm extremely annoyed that I can't eat a simple corn taco without getting sick. Step up your game, Chipotle.
Very clean and great servicing location. The food, like other locations, is one of my favorites. If your in the area this is defiantly the place to stop by and grab a quick bite
Chipotle lives up to its reputation for fantastic fresh food here, but what really sets this location apart is the great staff and great music! Thanks a bunch!
I always get the chicken burrito with veggies, black beans, and everything else on it. Service has always been great when I go in. One of my favorite eating spots
This is the only chipotle I will go to! They are never shy with their portioning like other chipotles. It's always clean and even if it's busy they are still fast paced with their service! Best chipotle in AZ I've been too!
Their burrito's are huge and a great value.  what more can you ask for!
The food at Chipotle is always great, but the service at this particular location is awful. The wait is only so long (even if there's no line) because the people behind the counter are slow to put your meal together, and they're always talking and joking to each other. Even when you're right in front of them ready to order!

I've been here many times because I love Chipotle and it was close to where I used to work. Terrible service won't make me go out of my way to this particular location again.
Typical Taco Bell with typical Taco Bell menu (other than the Popeye's Fish they serve from the same kitchen/counter). Not sure if some of the people in the kitchen could speak English. One employee on break sat in front of a small TV in the seating area which was VERY LOUD and ANNOYING. Every table was dirty despite it not being very busy, and the bottles of condiments at the "fixin's" bar were filthy. Can't beat the prices, though. As usual, I left "stuft" on two bucks.
This taco bell rocks. I've never had any major issues, other than the typical "Dammit no sauce" but still this franchise is usually very good and precise. Widdly Scuds can definitely be obtained here.
Cheap fast food that you should not eat everyday - unless you want to get fat and have a heart attack.

Food quality at this location is on par with all other Taco Bell's. It is the service that sets this one apart. Orders are always accurate....and FAST. 

LOST STAR - I almost always use the drive-through here. But a couple of times I have eaten inside, the dining room was not clean. I hate having to clean up after someone else before I eat.
Go here probably to often but oh we'll. the food is normal for t bells but be sure to check any special order especially drive thru orders. Seems every time I say no tomatoes I get extra tomatoes.
Ugh.  About every 3-4 years I somehow end up wanting to see if Taco Bell is still awful, and try it again.  Yup, still awful.  Tried a couple of the newer menu items, which of course taste exactly like all the other menu items.  I don't know why I keep thinking they may have changed.
Just had the new breakfast.  The breakfast taco was lame. Tasted like something you would make a kid in the microwave. The steak and egg burrito could have been good but they don't use any seasoning.  Very bland even with hot sauce. The hash brown was mediocre, basically the same one u get at Burger King. If u r looking for an alternative to McDonald's try Sonic. They have a pretty good breakfast burrito. 
Swing and a miss Taco Bell.
Food is good.

Slowest service. Ever. For a taco bell/LJS.  I've come to expect this, so I don't go there if I am ever in a hurry.

Plan to wait a good amount of time in the drive thru. One time I waited 20 minutes, with only 2 cars ahead of me.
This location is hit or miss.. Unfortunately it's usually a miss. There's not much to eat in this area.
These guys are just as likely to get your order wrong as they are to get it right ... especially in drive-thru.  Interesting that when the orders are wrong, they are always short and you never end up with anything extra.
Obese guy wearing a king's crown at the counter.  What the heck?  Drive thu was the slowest I've seen in my entire life, and I was given a disingenuous apology from the staff who noted that an employee "just walked out".  No attempt to make it right, no free food, no discounted order, nothing.  This is place is hard to beat.  Interior is very dirty too.
Bought a personal pan pizza at aprox 2 pm. Wife got a taco. I am now throwing up pizza now since 7 pm. Food poisoning. Stay away
As it goes this Taco Bell / Pizza Hut is just like any other Taco Bell / Pizza Hut.  Normally I'd only give this place 2 stars but this is our first meal back in civilization after a long day out hiking in the woods - and that gives it "Manna from Heaven" status.  One extra star.
Just moved into the area and have stopped here twice for quick meal. Both times I ordered a Mexican pizza and 2 tacos. THe shells seemed stale and the food was just tossed together and it looked like there was anything on the pizza. Nothing like all my other experiences at other taco bells. Not likely to come to see if the 3rd times the charm
A great place to eat
Fast service. Don't tell you how much your food is through the drive through until you go up to pay which is a little annoying but won't stop me from coming here again. Food is always good and they have yet to mess my order up yet which is always good.
Sort of silly to review a fast food chain like Taco Bell but since receiving an incorrect order has happened to me so many times from here I think it bears mention. Getting home and finding the wrong or missing food just sucks. The people working here are exceptionally nice and if you do get a wrong order, they'll fix it quickly...sometimes hooking you up with extra food to compensate, maybe someone else's mixed order food haha. As far as the food quality goes, it's exactly what you would expect for Taco Bell or Pizza Hut. Love the combo. Hate that it's not open late.
As with the other Chipotles I've been to, it was GREAT! Came here for lunch in between baseball games at the padres fields at the sports complex. Got my standard burrito bowl with chicken. I love the rice. THat cilantro lime rice just makes the bowl. And the meat is always fresh and just great. This chipotles was VERY generous with all their ingredients and it made for a great lunch on a hot day! We also bought one of our friends a burrito. He had never been to a chipotle, and really enjoyed it. We may have made a new fan for Chipotle...
We love Chipotle, but we really love THIS Chipotle.  The food is always fresh and hot, the servers always friendly and accomodating. I don't think we've ever been to this location and seen a dirty table waiting to be cleaned!  They are prompt, courteous and efficient.
Chipotles is good, fast and fresh.  They have giant-sized burritos that are stuffed with your choice of ingredients.  They are so big you could probably split one between two people.  Everything is pretty good, but beware the spicy peppers.  Something super HOT snuck into my non-spicy burrito and sent me to tears.  Hopefully it was just a one-time accident because that was painful.  Otherwise, I'm a fan.
let me make this clear:  this review is for THIS Chipotle and this Chipotle ONLY!  i've never had what i consider a friendly experience here.  (mental note: the one on 59th and thunderbird is closer.  i need to go there next time)  the last time i went in, it was on the heels of a great experience at another location (if i have time it'll be right above this one).  first of all, there was  a pretty long line considering that it wasn't really busy.  i considered the possiblity that there could be ONE customer  up there that wasn't sure what they wanted or something along those lines, but as the line crept along i realized that it wasn't a customer, but indeed the staff behind the counter.  when i ordered my vegetarian burrito, the burrito maker didn't seem to know  what went in it.  come on guys, you have a VERY basic, very SIMPLE menu.  the veggie burrito gets by default: onion and pepper mix, BLACK BEANS (unlike the other burritos where you get a choice -- of course you CAN substitute the pinto beans, but if you don't specify you get the black).  he points to the pepper and onion mix and asks if that's what i want. "yes".  then he put the rice in.  no beans until i reminded him.  i realize we all have our off days, but there was just a bunch of stuff off here.  no one was smiling or friendly and the burritos seemed a little smaller than what i'm used  to at a Chipotle.  If i'd never been to one before, i'd probably just suck it up and enjoy my delish food, but i KNOW this isn't the standard and was really disappointed.  from now on i MUST remember that there is another one in my vicinity and go there instead.
This review like the others is only for this particular chipolte. 

I live down the street so i sometimes stop in grab a fajita burrito. It's simply AMAZING!

Only down side is the foot traffic. Its really busy because it's in the arrowhead area. So many eff'ing people especially around lunch and dinner. So many that i stopped coming for a long time. 
UNTIL i found the chipotle app for my iPhone and iPad. I guess you can order online via their website too. But now i can just order AND pay on my phone. Walk straight in, bypass the line. (which i really enjoy because people in that long line look at u like ur crazy for cutting in line ha ha) then grab my food and leave. It's awesome. 

So anyway i recommend this place. 
Plus it's healthy compared to the crappy fast-food industry.
I still haven't fully decided where my heart lies with Chipotle. 

Half of the time when I come here, I get great food! The other half of the time, it sucks. I usually get weird pieces of chicken in my salads, or burritos (depending on my order). Once it almost even made me consider reinstating my vegetarianism. 
Honestly, though, the last few times I have been here they have done an exceptional job. I will have to update later.
Chipotle is a solid 4 stars. This location in particular is great...directly off the freeway, near Bell Rd., next to the movie theater and ballpark. 

The employees are very friendly. The burritos here are large and after eating one, if you are able to, will fill you up and you'll probably skip the next meal or two. *tummy full*

There's lots of room indoors or on the front patio. Bathrooms are clean.
We came here today after a long day at the park.  There was a long line but the staff was very fast.

I ordered the chicken burrito with black beans, rice, sour cream and I had them add grilled veggies and extra hot sauce. The burrito was hot, huge and delicious.  The only negative was that the last several bites were all rice.  
Great healthy meal to soak up the beer though.
Don't let the long lines discourage you from coming to Chipotle. The staff works fast and the food is plentiful and served at the right temperature. The staff is also nice and you don't have to repeat yourself when placing your order. 

On this particular day, I had chicken tacos. They were absolutely yum. Everything is made to your specifications so if something isn't right, it's probably your fault! :) My husband loves the burritos. Now while the girl making his over did it with the salsa, it was still pretty darn yum...and why was it yum? Because it was made the way he likes it. :) 

The one thing I like a lot at Chipotle is the guacamole. It is so flavorful and I love chunky guacamole. They do it just right here at Chipotle.
Always solid
I just posted this on the Chipotle Facebook page... I would encourage anyone to go to this location.

I want to take an opportunity to tell you about an experience I had at one of your restaurants last night (8/14/2012). My wife and I chose to have dinner at the Chipotle located at 16680 N. 83rd Ave, Peoria, Arizona. The general manager's name is Joel Crofoot and he is the reason I am writing these comments. My experience went like this.

As my wife and I were eating our meal, I noticed a young man who was in his US Army uniform standing in line. I am retired from the US Navy and I typically notice anyone in uniform wherever I go right away. So I said to my wife, "what do you say that I go up and pay for his meal?"... Without hesitating, she wholeheartedly agreed. After a few moments of time passed, I made my way up to the register and attempted to get the attention of the counter staff but they were very, very busy. It just so happens, that Joel was out from the kitchen area helping another customer in another part of the store. As he was making his way back to the door leading to the kitchen area I stopped him and asked "Are you the manager?" He said yes and how could he help me. With my back turned to the soldier and my debit card in my hand, I made a camouflaged motion toward the soldier and said to Joel "Do you see the military guy over there? I'd like to pay for his meal".  Almost immediately, Joel said back to me "I'll do you one better than that. I have the power to make things happen. How about I pay for his meal?" I was so pleased by that response. As I mentioned, I am retired military veteran myself and when people, like Joel, perform acts of kindness towards our military, it is admirable to say the least. His recognition of the impact of paying for that soldier's meal was instantly obvious to him. He then thanked me for the gesture and said that our intentions were appreciated.

Later, Joel came to our table and again said how he appreciated what we intended to do and how could he not do what he did based off of our example. That was a very humble thing to say. He thanked us, gave us his business card and said if there is anything he could do for us, don't hesitate to ask and said goodbye. The soldier was seated behind us and as my wife and I finished our meal and made our way to the door, I looked over and saw that the soldier was there with his wife and child. So Joel not only paid for the soldier's meal, but his wife's too (their child was probably a bit too young to eat Chipotle).
I felt compelled to let you and your customers know as soon as possible what a quality leader you have at that store. In the military there is a huge difference between a leader and a manager. A manager leads from behind the troops but a leader leads and sets the example from the front. You have a quality leader in Joel Crofoot. My wife and I will frequent that particular Chipotle as much as we can because of Joel's actions and further, we will recommend that location to as many people as we can because of his actions. If you could do anything for me, I would ask that you recognize Joel's actions towards this individual soldier, because I am certain he'd do it again given the opportunity.

Thank you for such great food and better yet hiring great people.

Sincerely,
Rich Shores
About a year ago i used to dread coming here only because of the long lines and incompetent  employees,but have always liked the food so i chose to endure it.But my last few visits have been much better.They hired a bunch of new people who are fast and friendly.no more are the days of waiting in line for 20 minutes while the employees slowly prepare each meal,while dilly dallying.The food is always good,and the portions are huge!My only complaint is,if you go in after 9,they're usually low on meat so you end up with less than you'd normally get if it was earlier. they should really have enough prepared for the later crowd because there's always people in there after 9.Other than that,i have nothing bad to say.I am very pleased that they have stepped up thier game when it comes to service.Keep up the good work guys.
Food is very good a little on the pricey side for me. But I'm cheap when it comes to eating out. For the quality of the food and flavor, good price. Floors where cleaner than some other places I've been in. So I wasn't grossed out. :)
Visit Chipotle quite often at Shea and 92nd St area in Scottsdale, but I was in Peoria for business.  Stopped in and wow, customer service skills could use some work.  Everyone behind the counter was more interested in talking to a customer who obviously was a friend of someone, past worker, or something.  Talking about subjects that should not be spoken about out loud with customers around.  Had to repeat my order, sloppy in building my burrito bowl to go, and couldn't even pay attention in placing the lid on which came off inside the bag.
I like this Chipotle location.  The staff is super nice and the food is as good as always.  I LOVE to get a burrito bowl with chicken, fajita veggies and brown rice, both the red and green salsa, a little sour cream and cheese, and lettuce. The fajita veggies are the BOMB!
I go to this location about 3-4 times a week since I work and gym nearby and every time the staff is nice and the food is fresh! During lunch time the lines are all the way to the door but the staff work fast and efficiently and its never a long wait! 

I always order the same thing and never get sick of it. 

Bowl: 3 scoops brown rice, fajita, chicken, mild/med/corn, sour cream, cheese, and lots of lettuce.
I love Chipotle and have been coming to this location since it opened.  But from here on out, I think I'll pass.  

The two times that I have ordered online (only 2 weeks apart), I am left waiting because the employees forget to check the online orders.  That is, I show up at the time that I am told the food will be ready, only to find that they haven't even looked at my order.  To make matters worse, both times they failed to push my order to the front of the line; so I've been left waiting a while... Neither times have I been offered anything other than a "we're sorry"; talk is cheap.

The other night that this happened to me, they actually had a guy in line who had an order for 2, but his card kept declining (and he apparently had no other cards).  So the manager tells him, that the meal is on the house... now admittedly that is a very nice gesture... but they probably should have offered me something to make up for their screw up (twice)... nope.  I won't be back.
Food was good and fresh. Service was fast. Dining area was clean.
Love the food.  Always clean and for the most part has friendly service. The music is strangely weird at times and much too loud.
Good fresh food, although portions get smaller and smaller with every visit. Pretty soon it will ne 8$ for two cubes of steak in your burrito...
Love me some chicken burrito
Came here for an interview and the managers i spoke to on the phone were no where to be found,  I was told to sit and wait for someone else to come and interview me, finally after 20 min  an employee told a third manager that i was there for an interview, he just refused to do it and was pretending to by busy on the phone.. then a few immature  employees came over and started interviewing me, you can clearly tell they had no experience since they had to read the questions from a piece of paper, asking me inappropriate questions like, Where I was from? etc  this place is a train wreck.  I don't recommend it!
As a Mexican I would not recommend this shit hole. You must be white to like Chipotle. Disgusting. Rice undercooked. Take "Mexican grill" off of your name. I want my money back.
Wow, Chipotle sure has gotten skimpy with their portions! A few years ago, they would pile on the food. Yesterday, I got the bare minimum in my burrito bowl. The line server wasn't even going to fill the guacamole cup all the way until the cashier made him!
Usually don't review fast food but just had to after a not so great Taco Bell experience. Usually I love Taco Bell and rarely have any problems. This one however, was a problem. My food was kind of cold. Very unusual from Taco Bell (for me at least) because usually its piping hot. I got the new Mini Quesadilla and the cheese was not fully melted and both my chicken burritos were warm at best.
They get a sympathy star added because the girl working the drive thru was very friendly.
the fastest and friendliest service ever
yummy !!

Great customer service (especially from the guy that took my order in the drive thru)

And vegetarian options !!!! yay !!!

fast, good, hot food !!! 

will go back
This is a nice location to eat in at.  It's clean, it's shockingly delicious for fast mexican food. During the afternoon it gets busy because school gets out. Anything after 4pm it's quiet & clean! 

I always get the Beefy 5 layer no sour cream (1.79) with a small beverage (1.49). Not a bad price for cheap eats, I think it's filling.

This location does offer a senior discount when purchasing a senior drink.
I went thru the drive thru. The voice on the speaker was a male, he had a very clear, understandable voice. He made sure my order was correct on the board (screen) before I pulled off. Came to the window to pay and saw Christopher, who took my order. He was very polite, asked if I needed hot sauce, I asked for "mild", he asked, medium mild or medium hot, I said medium hot. Like finally someone cares about "my needs" at a fast food drive thru...I'm happy!!! Thank you Christopher for a great experience at a fast food place, I had no complaints.
It's hard to judge fast food because it's just that -- FAST food. There are always gonna be those bad experiences due to whatever it may be ; the car in front of you in drive thru, random employee having an off day, food actually wasn't completely up to par, but more often than not, we get what we pay for, right? I have yet to experience a bad experience at this drive thru. They've always been friendly and food has filled my Taco Bell craving. Love the grillers, love the fiesta potatoes, love the Mexican pizzas (when in the mood).
The food is amazing here and they never mess my order up. I always get extra cheese and little odd things like that. After about 6pm and later the drive thru line is so long. It takes anywhere from 10-30 minutes to get your food. For that reason I am giving them three stars. They need to pick it up in the drive thru. The staff is very friendly although they stand at the window leaning on the counter waiting for the food to hand us. Speed it up and it's 4 maybe 5 stars!
Great service here! When Jack is working the window everything is always perfect. He makes sure your taken care of, always with a smile on his face! Nice people make your eating experience and mood change completely!!! I would give this location 5 stars if they didn't close earlier than normal Taco Bells. They are my closest location from home...
This location always has great food quality and excellent customer service.
Taco Bell is known for its fast service and this location is no exception. Food comes fresh minutes after you order it and I have never seen this one get too busy. You must get the Dorito's Locos taco as well if you're a Dorito's fan
I wouldn't usually give a Tace Bell four stars, but they had something that I really liked and that was their Verde sauce packets. It's similar to the green sauce I get at one of my favorite Mexican restaurant. I like trying things that don't exist where you live.

The food was as I've had in California. Good and filling. The dining area was clean, the bathroom was clean. 

That's it. It's Taco Bell.
I don't go to Taco Bell often, mainly because I prefer more authentic tacos. This Taco Bell is very close to my house though, so I will rarely go through the drive-through for a quick snack. 

The last time I did so, Taco Bell must have been shorthanded. When it was my turn to order, the employee asked me to wait a moment. And then a few minutes later, she apologized for the wait but asked me to wait again, as she was taking orders for both the drive-through and customers that were inside. 

When it was my turn, MAYBE 5 minutes had passed... It was certainly not a long enough period of time for me to get impatient or upset. Regardless, the employee was very apologetic, and offered me a free beverage to make up for the wait. I wasn't even bothered by the wait, but I was impressed with the customer service. 

I wish more fast food employees offered such service.
My Taco Bell fix before or  after Golf @ Tuscany. Nice  location only negative is it is a little hard to get into, not real hard but wish it was easier.
Quite possibly the nicest staff at any fast food place I have ever seen.  They are soooo nice and cheery.  Seriously, I want to call corporate and tell them to give these people raises or something.  My order is always right, extra sauce is always in bag, and when I order whoever is on the other end is super chipper.  Not fake, genuinely happy.  It's just refreshing.  Nachos bell grande, extra cheese, no tomato pls.  thank you.
Zipped thru the drive thru last week for some of those yummy Doritos tacos and one of the $1 watermelon (I think that's what it was) drinks. 

Service was fast. Tacos had lots of shredded cheese which I haven't seen at Taco Bell's in YEARS! 

Tattooed guy was all smiles as he quickly handed me all my artery clogging treats and sauces then I was on my way lickety split. 

Those tacos were so good. I stood in the kitchen and at all three of mine without ever sitting down, LOL!
Yum. 
I have to sneak to taco bell, because my guy is on the non gmo, all organic kick. Taco bell has teamed up with doritos, I had the spicy/firey taco today and it was great.... 

Taco bell has also teamed up with chef Garcia... Who has been on top chef masters (bravo). They are really trying to make a difference taste/quality wise with that line. Had the nicest encounter with a 'Timothy' today.
Not authentic enough for ya ? Boo hoo... You want "more authentic" Tacos ? Go somewhere else. 

 No complaints!
Wow the staff is amazing here! We parked and walked to the door and it swung open just as we reached it and the female employee smiled and held it open for us. She did say she loved our car, haha, maybe just getting a closer look. :)

Great, friendly people, personal, "local" stuff on the walls. All in all a success at pulling a local flare into an international chain.

The very best Taco Bell I've been in ever.
I had to try the new breakfast items just to say I did. I ordered an Am Crunchwrap with sausage and a bacon breakfast burrito. My husband ordered the Am Crunchwrap with steak and a burrito with steak. 

As for taste stick with the steak! It really makes the meal. I enjoyed my Crunchwrap with sausage, but it was nothing that great. But with the steak yes, please! The Crunchwrap is great if you are on the go or need to eat while driving. It has a layer of hash browns, a sausage patty, bacon or steak, eggs, and cheese. It's all held together in a flour tortilla that is then pressed so it all melts and melds the goodies together! 
The burrito with bacon was meh. It contained chopped bacon, scrambled eggs, and cheese. But again with the steak it totally transformed the burrito. And where are the beans? I think a Mexican breakfast burrito calls for beans! Just my suggestion :) 

Overall I learned on my visit is order the steak! Amazingly good flavor! Makes the bland burrito totally better.
Still amazing! This gem is operated almost entirely by females and they are upbeat, happy, courteous and very, very nice. The feel is local and you can tell everyone loves working there (I think it was even the same people working there from our last trip to Henderson in December 2013 so they have low turnover).

Great job, excellent store - well kept and supplies always neatly arranged and full.

NOTICE TO HQ: VISIT THIS STORE AND REPEAT THEIR MODUS OPERANDI.
Stopped in for some grub after a visit to Lee's. I was disappointed to find out they no longer offer the Enchirito. Kee'erra was friendly and did offer a comparable substitution though. Overall it was right in line with other TB's I've visited. I will return.
Great customer service this morning.  The young man at the counter was quite pleasant.  Food is fresh and good.
I love the bell!
Doritos Tacos. Yes, really. 

This location is friendly, maybe too much so. They mess up on your order. A lot. Even when repeated. Don't leave the drive through without double checking your order to make sure you didn't get shorted an item or two.
Great cheap food for when you are too broke to afford anything else, this is pretty tasty and wont kill you're budget.I dont care about calories because I ride a bike, but it is pretty good.I am not a food snob, but I know crappy food, but there is non here.I love the dollar bean burritos, yummy!
Friendly staff and happy they are finally keeping the bums from using the soda fountain with their dirty cups!
Well, let me tell you what!!!  Tonight the wife and myself went to ol Taco Bell.   The date is: 10-3-13.  Time stamp on receipt is 7:52pm.  ( we went inside because there was 9 cars....yes, 9 cars in the drive thru. )  We walked out with our food and get this.....drumroll.....8:21pm and a " sorry for the wait " for  us and the other patrons that had the same idea to come in. One person ordered just (1) five layer burrito and it took almost as long as we were standing there.  I could understand if a basketball team or baseball or large party ordered but, come on. Almost, well, 30 minutes to get fast food????  WTF???!!!   There was a total of 9 employees working well, some, behind the counter. Two in drive thru 1 working register and others trying to work the food station. You would think with that many people you could get everybody in and out in a timely manner!!  NO, not here.  Just like every other fast food joint they ALL CATER TO THE DRIVE THRU.  But, if you have 9 employees why not have half work drive thru and other half work the people that come inside ?? I'm just saying.  In my opinion, I'd be looking at the management.  That is the person running the show!!  If you can't manage a restaurant, then YOU shouldn't be working there!! I'd suggest going down the road about a mile and go to Del Taco. At least they know how to get the job done!!!
If you are a big fan of slow service then this is the Taco Bell for you . I say that the average time of waiting is about 15 minutes and that is just for a burrito. And this isn't just an isolated slow time this is every single time I go to this Taco Bell. And don't think just because you go to the drive through that it be quick though the drive through is  super slow too.  Every time I go there I can be guaranteed that my wife says to me when I get home what took you so long? Also they suck at making your order right too. I had the stuff nacho griller thing the other day and it looked like a four-year-old had folded it up. Pay the extra couple bucks for Del Taco is my advice.
If you want to wait over a half hour for FAST FOOD anytime of the day then come to this Taco Bell!! Two thumbs down!
Taco Bell is our go-to food choice when nothing else will do. Yelp gave me the Duke crown for all the times I've checked in here but I'm at this location so much I know the price of various menu combos tax and all ahead of time. 

Service: Friendly, even when slammed. And they get slammed a lot. I've been stuck in line for 20 minutes in the drive thru more than once because they get busy. While some Yelp people turn up their nose at fast food, the truth is this is what a lot of people eat on the go. It isn't health fare, it's got issues, but when everyone's sick or in a hurry Taco Bell works. 
4 stars because my wallet says I spend a lot of $ here, they've earned the stars.
There is very little to complain about regarding this Taco Bell. It is what it is: Taco Bell. Prices are right where they should be, employees seem trained, apparently motivated, reasonably proficient. Once in a while something silly happens like my total comes to $4.95 and I hand the cashier a ten dollar bill and get back $4.95 in change.

Big on politeness and giving receipts! A predictably good Taco Bell experience most every time.
I wish I didn't love Taco Bell but I do. This is my go to TB. I would give it 5 stars as I have never had a problem here and I go there alot!!! but can't give a taco bell 5 stars.
It's pretty difficult to review fast food chain restaurants.  Everyone knows what to expect anyways.  Thus, I think 95% of them would just get a 3 star rating from me.

This location is a bit cleaner than most.  I've never had to do the grab a napkin and do the table wipedown myself.  Sometimes when places get busy the tables go uncleared for a while and you have to wipe them yourself.  This location gets a little busy during lunchtime but they handle it real well.

Additionally there is an employee who works at the register (Chelsea) that is always just super friendly and happy.  She's there most weekdays.

As with most taco bell's the food is prepared really fast.  Sometimes I won't even bother sitting down because I know they'll call my number as soon as I do sit.

edit: I have a new crush.  The original Chelsea isn't there anymore, but there is a new girl also named Chelsea.  She's got pink hair with streaks of blue.  She reminds me of Princess Cadence from My Little Pony.  She's my destiny.
This location seems to close earlier than the sign says on the front door on Sundays. It says 1 am but by 1230am its closed up. Why???
You get what is expected.  Cheap wanna be mexican food.  I basically go to Taco bell because I can eat for less than 6 bucks.  I do love the Mexican Pizza though and nobody else currently sells anything like it that I know of in fast food.
Every time I go to this location my order is wrong. Every time!  Check your order before you pull out.
i travel a lot and when i go to taco bell, i order the double decker.  in bullhead city and kingman  az. they have more stuff in them.  the franchise owner in las vegas will not offer ice tea b ut forces you to drink sugary fountain beverages

last week while in mesquite i went to a del taco and had their chicken burrito and had an ice tea.  it was excellent

so long taco bell until you get your act together and stop ruining a fine nation-wide product.

i called taco bell h q and got lip service 


so try del taco  much better quality and quantity for a buck more
This place sucks. The fat girl
Working drive through at night I think she might even be the manager suck. My orders 9 outta 10 times are wrong. Mind you I usually just order a cheese quesadilla I'm
Not sure how exactly you can mess those up. I order chips with cheese sauce & I never get my cheese. I get a lot of items with no sauce. They always forget and mess up my food. That place effing sucks.
I mean they make the food just fine, it's just the small things that dock them 2 stars. Waiting twenty minutes for three chalupas isn't acceptable. And going to the sauce box to find one mild sauce isn't too. 

The place isn't hard to find, its on the corner of windmill and vista palms, inside the vons plaza. You'll usually find teens just killing time there. Overall though the place is pretty clean. If they manage to keep the sauce box full on my next visit I'll bump it up a star.
Great place for a quick bite, idk if it's healthier than any other fast food places. I love the simple bean burrito with green sauce no onions add sour cream and extra cheese is my favorite. and don't for get the hot sauce.
I stopped by to grab a bite to eat on my lunch break.... I ordered one of the new shredded chicken quesaritos (which I do have to say are quite tasty!) and a soft taco with NO LETTUCE..... needless to say when the receipt clearly says "no lettuce" you get it anyways! I get that this is a simple mistake, but the point is that it is a simple mistake, just don't put the lettuce on- not that special of an order!

Unfortunately I used the drive thru, so I was unable to go into the restaurant to get the mistake cleared up immediately, so the taco was donated to the trash bin at my office.
My default late night dinner spot! I don't know why but it's freaking good! No problems ever. You know how some places are stingy with their sauce packets? Yeah, not here my friend! they hook you up! Default order: Beefy 5-layer burrito, Nachos, and Baja Blast! Think outside the bun.

New sauces: Fire roasted and Verde! Awesome flavor!
Why am I reviewing Taco Bell of all places? It's because I patronize them more than all restaurants combined. It's my go to place for dinner on fly, the quick, "I'm STARVING to death, I need to eat NOW!" place. Sure they are certainly not the only place around us for fast food but they are the cheapest and most convenient (and IMHO the tastiest!)

As of this moment they have brought back the Chicken Flatbread Sandwich. Chicken, melty cheese, chipotle sauce and flat bread - Yum. It's got just a bit of a kick, but it sure satisfies those evening munchies. I'm a big bread and cheese fan so I like the Nacho Cheese Chalupas. Yeah, I can go cheapo processed cheese and at the same time still like Camembert as well! Ah, and as far as cheese goes I am still waiting for them to bring back the Cheesy Double Beef Burrito. I think out of all their concoctions, that one is probably my favorite.

This particular Taco Bell is very fast, has only messed up one of our orders once in the entire two years we've gone there and they are very cheerful. You will never want for condiments.
Taco Bell is always the last choice for a let night snack. But, when you get your food, you think what took so long.
I was sitting here enjoy my meal when one of the guys came out to do a floor check. And he came over to a couple he aplogized again for the delay in them getting order and proceeded to ask ih he can get them refills or anything else as if at a regular dine in restaurant. It was very refreshing to see someone so young take pride in his work. He did the same for me as well. Thank you Viet for such great service it is greatly appreciated. By the way great peacefull & clean location.
Great for late night Munchy...Had great service..:)
What can I say?  It's taco bell!

When I have a craving for their hard tacos, it's hard to resist!  It's easy on the wallet and douses the taste bud's wants.

Another favorite is the cinnamon twists!

This restaurant location has never disappointed for lunch - it is well kept, clean and has friendly staff.
One of the healthier choices for lunch eats:

Fresco Burrito Supreme (Steak): 330 Calories, 8g Fat
Fresco Burrito Supreme (Chicken): 340 Calories, 8g Fat
Fresco Crunchy Tacos (Beef): 150 Calories, 8g Fat
Cinnamon Twists: 170 Calories, 7g Fat

It's easy on the wallet too!
Well I didn't get sick and die, that counts for something these days!
I recently had a quick bite to eat at this location.  My usual......Bean Burrito and 7 Layer Burrito.

Order was accurate.

Place was clean.

Food was ok.

It's Taco Bell....not much to say.

Will I return?  Sure.
Top faves: 7- Layer burrito (vegetarian fave), soft taco, meximelt & bean burrito. 

I've always had a thing for Taco Bell since I was a kid. It's cheap and with recent studies-- it's HEALTHY. I don't care if it's only 30% actual meat, it all comes out the same, right? ;) 

Restaurant is nearby. Dining area is clean, restroom is clean and staff is friendly, most the time. 

Return visits? All the time!
You know how when you were a lil kid, you wanted to go to McDonalds and get a happy meal? Well, I rather have Taco Bell instead. Weird huh? I think that I've always been a big fan because of the cheesy goodness. My favorites are the pintos and cheese, nachos supreme and chicken soft taco. Sometimes I stray and get a Mexican pizza, but other than that I keep it simple. I've never been here for dine in, but the drive thru service is pretty quick. I will be back for sure.
I was eating at this location today, and was pretty impressed. The store had plenty of parking spots around the building. I believe there were 2 entrances into the diner, maybe even three. The place was clean during Lunch time rush! The employees were friendly, and easy to understand. The service was very fast, and accurate. I will be dining at this Taco Bell again!
Every once in a while I get snookered into going to a chain restaurant like this and though I go with an open mind, I am frequently disappointed.  This was the case at Chili's S. Las Vegas Blvd.
It took forever for the waiter to take our order.
It took forever for the food to come.
My fajitas were not sizzling when brought to the table and warm
One person at our table never got their soup
The manager came by shortly after the food arrived and asked how everything was and I told him, he said "sorry to hear that" and kept walking.  WTF?
If you find yourself driving by and you're hungry......keep driving.
Personally when I ate here my experience was as it is at every chili's I've ever been to.. tasty... reliable.. and incredibly unhealthy. I'm off topic here but how depressing is it that most of their salads have over 1000 calories? Damnit you can't even try to eat healthy here.
I agree with these reviews.

This is the worst chain restaurant. It was late evening, no one in the restaurant and the staff totally ignored us and wouldn't even bother seating us. WTF indeed.

We left and will never, ever go back there. Too many other choices in Las Vegas to be treated like well, I hate to say it but none paying customers.

Now that I read the reviews, I'm actually thankful that we never got seated!
Great service!  Food tasted great too.
Chilis is always just Chilis no matter how you try to spin it. The food is okay, it fills your need to for some grub but never leaves you saying oh my goodness I just cant wait to come back and sit under the gigantic Chili... 

Really the stars I am plopping down on this one are all because the service was great. The waiter we had was on top of the strawberry lemonade and waters at our table and this always keeps me happy when my drink is full. I received my side of Honey mustard and I did not have to ask for a bill. 

I wish I had more to say, or some extravagant suspenseful story to tell but well.... the only thing spicy about this review was the pepper on my fries.
food good..waitress sucks
Try Chili's express lunch!  I get the soup, salad and chips.....all you can eat $6 bucks
This review is for the bar only on a Saturday night (5/21)
This location is somewhat near southern highlands and my buddy suggested we meet here for a few drinks and to catch up and pre-game before we headed up to the strip to have a little fun. Service was good, the two bartenders (Jess and Tiffany) I think did a good job. They served quickly and with a smile and my drinks were relatively strong, so +1. The Well rum wasn't very tasty, but what can I expect, it's Well. Prices were good, but we were here late and on a Saturday the happy hour isn't in effect. Sucks we didn't get happy hour price but well's aren't pricey.

My buddy got some egg rolls or something, he said they were pretty good. They were supposed to close at 11 but stayed open and served us because other customers walked in at about 10:55 and ordered off the menu. Good customer service at the bar, that's all I needed.

4 nice stars.
The service was very slow, which got us a free desert.  I am not sure that was worth it.
This is your standard chain Chilis, but be prepared to wait.  The location is prime for both tourists and locals making this entire complex very crowded for both lunch and dinner.
What more can I say, it's Chili's nothing more or less. Basic bar and grill joint great for just hanging out. This location is usually busy because its on LV Blvd , however is close to 5 min from home. All in all its a nice place.
I came here with Don on his 45min lunch break. We ordered bottomless chips and salsa, an Avocado Burger to split, blackberry iced tea, and mango iced tea. We were really pressed on time, but they managed to bring everything out right away. The iced teas were tasty and refreshing. It was nice to see Blackberry iced tea on the menu, since not many places have that in their iced tea selection. The Avocado Burger was good, but nothing special. It was on a wheat bun with avocado, red onion, and Swiss topped with avocado-ranch. They knew that we were sharing so they brought it out to us cut in half already (always an added bonus). The fries that came with it were perfectly seasoned and crisp. 

Like Raymond B. mentioned below, Chilis IS always just Chilis. The food is okay, but never very memorable. I did enjoy the iced teas though!
The night before my family had to leave, we took them this place awesome restaurant. I had eaten at a different location and thought the food was awesome. So I decided to them to this place since I had a $100 gift card from work for Chili's. When we walked in, we were greeted right away. We had to wait to be seated since there was 10 of us, but it didn't take too long before we were able to sit and order our drinks. Around the table we all ordered teas and sodas; from sprites, Dr peppers to raspberry teas. The waiter was a nice guy that brought our drinks right away along with a couple of baskets of chips and spicy salsas. Afterwards,  he took our orders. They still had the 2 for $20 specials with an appetizer. So far starters, my sister ordered the Cajun Chicken Pasta and I had the Crispy Chicken Crispers that was flavored with Honey-Chipolte sauce. For our appetizer, we had the half order ofTexas Cheese Fries. For her boys, they ordered off the kids menu. One had a personal pan pizza and the other had chicken fingers. My son had the Shriner Bock BBQ Burger with fries. My parents had the 2 for $20 deal. My mom had the Margarita Grilled Chicken and my dad had the Half Rack Baby Back Ribs with fries. For their appetizer, they had fried cheese. And lastly my brother and his girl had the 2 for $20 deal also. My brother had the Crispy Chicken Crisper - Original flavor and his girl had the Half Rack Baby Back Ribs with Fries. Their appetizer was fried cheese. The bill came out to $103 and suggested a 18% gratuity be paid. So, since all agreed that the service was great, we paid the 18%, which brought the bill to $120 and some change. I rounded the payment off to $121. We had such a great time dining, laughing, spending quality time since it was the last night together and their flight was at 7am.
Went with my.family Friday night. Our drinks were wrong, she forgot our waters, side of ranch, didnt check on us. My sisters steak was way over coockrd but by the time the waitress returned it, we were all ready to leave. Its obvious our food was sitting in the window for some time.  I dont expect a great meal at this place. I only expect OK but this experience was simply terrible.
I haven't been to Chili's for awhile, but due to time-constraints / work schedule; I decided to meet Jade here for lunch.  We went on Sunday.  I didn't know this ,but if you sit at the bar on Sundays, it's happy hour all day.  Selected appetizers are on the happy hour menu for a discounted price.  You also get free chips and salsa!

Pros:
  * We went during lunch hours.. it seemed really busy, but nonetheless we got sat immediately.
  * The waitress was very nice and checked on us numerous times.  I can happily say that I didn't have to hunt down a waitress to refill my Sprite.
  * Cheap eats...especially during the Happy Hour

Cons:
  *  We ordered the Cajun Pasta and the Wings and just really wasn't thrilled about neither.  The wings were boneless and the sauce overpowered the taste of chicken.  The pasta was really thick, but at the same time lacked in flavor.  The best part about it was the grilled chicken that I added on for an extra charge (you also have the option of adding shrimp for an additional charge).  

 Overall:
  To be fair, I failed to realize that the pasta dish was Penne (which I totally hate).  I really feel as if I just made some bad choices with my order.  I know Chili's has burgers that are on-point every time I order them.  The service was good and the prices were too.. and you definitely can't beat free chips and salsa!  Nothing spectacular, but not horrible either.  

Tips:
  *  Sit at the bar if you come on a Sunday... Happy Hour all day + Free Chips/salsa
  *  Appetizers on the Happy Hour menu are of a smaller portion.. just a heads up
  *  If you are looking to catch some sports, there are flat screens throughout the bar.
We got seated right away which was awesome because it was super crowded!  And they make a pretty decent pina colada!!
I LOVE the skillet queso at Chilli's, but however, that seems to be one of the minimal things I like. 

I have tried lots of things and cannot seem to enjoy them. Their chicken cesar salad sucks! It was really gross to me. The chicken was good, but it was that sauce they used. Totally not cesar to me. 

I have had the buffalo salad, too much sauce, not enough chicken. 

The burgers are probably my safety net. 

This location is good for me though. They are always nice and sometimes funny. I have never waited long at all. 

Sangria's there are OK. I like their mojitos better, but I wish they made better Sangria's because that is my drink! :) 

Good place, good drinks, but dont be surprised if you do not like your meal.
I'm back, everybody! i haven't written a review in awhile. i was on Saturn and couldn't get a flight back due to foggy rings. 

i figured Chili's was a dive - and i was right, at least this store was. AS USUAL, this was another restaurant which served my seafood without enough tartar sauce, just a little cup, so i told our (i went with my boyfriend - yes, we're STILL together... i must really love him) waitress "This is not enough sauce at all." this genuis replies, "Well, for some people, it is." --- whatever happened to: THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT!? 

anyway, i won't be going back to these dumbbells for food. and i left the waitress 2 dollars in quarters for a tip. see, that's what happens when you say STUPID things. i like to tip well, i don't like to stiiff people, but i'm not gonna give it away, either.

Chili's? NO THANX. see you guys at Denny's.
Service was great food was awful they just switched to infrared ovens so if you liked the old fried food to bad. Stay away from the shrimp tacos yuck!
Revoke my foodie card, but I happen to love Chili's.  The free chips and salsa during Happy Hour in the bar, plus some chipotle bbq wings and skillet queso always hit the spot for me.  Plus when my midwestern family comes to visit, they don't want any food they don't recognize (grooooan) so Chili's is a safe bet.

This location is fast and friendly, but there's no wifi -- and it cost them a whole star from me.  Applebee's is the same price and quality, so why do they offer free wifi and Chili's won't?  I guess they don't want us hanging out there any longer than we have to eat and run.  Turn them tables, folks!
It's Chili's you've been to one you've been to them all.  If you sit by the bar you get free chips and salsa.

ALSO, if you ask, they have the full calorie menu so you can see all the items and the corresponding calories. If you are trying to eat healthy.  They also have skinny girl margaritas 100 calories each.
Everything on the Chili's menu is good.  Probably my most favorite chain restaurant out there.  Margaritas and desserts are both delicious too.  Skillet queso is always a must.  This particular location had a great happy hour (all day Sunday) and the bartender was fantastic.  Can't wait to no longer be pregnant so I can get a presidente margarita again!!  Yummmm!  My husband and I actually met working at a Chili's in California 11 years ago.  We never get tired of their food.
I've always been a Chili's fan but I def love this location.  Heather is a great server - super attentive and very personable.
We've been regulars at Chili's all over the west coast so I wasn't expecting this to be any different. We've never been disappointed, so that isn't an issue. It's one of Matt's favorite places. For me, I'd rather find something special when in Las Vegas because there are so many great places to eat here. Having said all that, this Chili's is something special. The food comes to you fresh, hot, and tasting fresh. The wait staff is friendly and works as a team. Someone other than your waiter may stop by the table to top off your drink and ask if everything is OK. Matt is great in the small talk department and the waitress enjoyed chatting since it was a slow time. It was like stopping by a friends place for dinner. We'll be back again.
This isn't the type of place I usually eat. I'm more of a mom and pop, unique dining or fine dining person. However after a marathon Christmas shopping spree you can beat a $20 meal for 2 people at Happy Hour!

The place was packed so it took a while for our food and drinks to arrive, but it was no big deal. Our server was very nice, the margaritas were actually strong which surprised me and the food was A-OK. 

Apparently there is an upside down picture in every Chili's but I did not see it and I even did a loop around the restaurant.
Of all the generic chain restaurants, Chili's is probbably my favorite.  They have an interesting menu with things like fajitas and buffalo chicken sandwiches.

I especially like the bottomless chips and salsa.  The chips are made fresh and are thin and sometimes still warm.  Additionally, if you eat in the bar they usually give you the chips and salsa for free.

On this last visit I got a bacon and cheese covered steak.  It was the only thing I've ever ordered that I wasn't completely satisfied with it.  The steak was cooked a little more than I requested.  It was good, but it wasn't worth the price.

Service is fine.  It can get a little busy during weekday lunch hours.
Went on Super Bowl night and was seated quickly. Our order was taken within a few minutes and our glasses were always kept filled. The food was delicious and the service was great. When I'm in Las Vegas I always stop by here because the service and food is always good.
The food was actually good.  What I didn't like was how freakin' slow the service was.  I met up with a friend for lunch and it took almost an hour and half even though we ordered right away and ate quickly. 

They have some really decent lunch combos so I would go back just for that, and also let our server know we only have an hour!  My friend ordered an avocado chicken sandwich that looked really good.  He said it was awesome except that it was supposed to come with fries and he got maybe 8 total fries.  It really looked like someone had been eating them before we got the food.  I ordered a lunch combo that came with a side salad and chicken fajitas.  Nothing special but they weren't bad.

It's an ok lunch spot.
Predictable, but with much worse service than I'm used to from a Chili's. Not that I have high expectations, but this guy was a wreck. 

The food, however, is good bar food. They do their buffalo sauce perfectly and I tried their sweet potato fries with parmesan this time - not bad. There wasn't anything spectacular about them, but they weren't terrible. I'm a huge fan of most of their appetizers.

I had a buffalo chicken salad and my friend had a salad, but instead of chicken, substituted steak. He asked for rare, but you could not have cooked that meat anymore. I don't go to Chili's for steak, but someone has to see the difference between rare and well done. No?

Again, service was bad. Not horrendous, but had I not had good company I would have been irritated. Not sure what the breakdown was, but there was one.

Anyway, if you want predictable Chili's food, well, here ya' go!
I just spent $48.13 on dinner and their is plastic in my ice cream. I took a picture of my receipt . I joke not I could have died and the staff just didn't care.   
Oh no I won't return here nope not for all the money in Vegas. Funny thing is when the manager came over to talk to us her attitude was extra happy almost like a stepford wife. She happily said oh I know where the plastic is from! Then she followed up by  just excusing herself by saying oh sometimes plastic gets left on cookies nothing major. Hon its major because had that plastic got stuck in my throat...I could have died.
 Now her attitude that was nice or overly nice bugs me for one reason. I as the customer would like to know that what bugs me bugs you as well. Not that I'm upset and you making like you having the best day ever.
 When she came to the table I need you to understand I had just finished gaging as if I could not breath pulling plastic out my mouth. So I would have liked to know that she was concerned with my well being as a human and also a client. For example Like can you ask me if I'm ok. Do I need a glass of water. She should  have been more helpful. Instead of oh my these things happen...here is your 8 bucks back have a nice day. Good GOD shes a clueless chick. Where can you eat and have plastic in your food and the manager will say its ok it happends. Well because of her own words my friends I will say don't eat at this location because her happy go lucky attitude says she will allow this to keep on happening and our safety as humans are of no importance to her. Because should we choke on plastic oh well it happends.
Two things are required to make a restaurant work. Good service, good tasting food. I'm happy to say I got more than both. 

Arriving a bit later at night, the location had a few people at the bar and in the dining room. The staff was quick to get us seated, and very friendly. After scouting the menu a few moments, I remembered the last time I was at this location. I had ordered the Cajun chicken pasta and was eyeing to do the same. It was great last time I was here, surely it would be great again. My lady friend had ordered the chicken fajitas. The server was A+ when it comes to customer service. Friendly, made you feel welcome, and did more than required to make us happy. We had ordered from the 2 for 20$ menu and the server actually suggested and got an appetizer for us despite it not being on the menu. Great suggestion, it was delicious. 

The main dishes arrived, not taking long but not quickly either. I dug into my pasta and chicken only to find nothing less than greatness. Another delicious dish, the pasta being cooked perfectly. Chicken was nicely seasoned and cooked, as well as the entire dish being evenly coated in the alfredo sauce. There's a reason this item is listed as a fan favorite.. The chicken fajitas my lady friend had ordered were delicious as well. I was more than blown away when I decided to try the grilled onions and peppers as well that were included with the fajita. I mean, they're only onions and peppers, how special can they be? They were the best onions and peppers I'd ever had. I felt every ingredient was cooked and transformed into a new flavor, with everything we ate. 

Needless to say, I will be back to this location.
Terrible service! We stood at the door for at LEAST 5 minutes waiting to be greeted while the hostess flirted at the bar. Te restaurant was dirty, the lemonade tasted like soap. It took forty minutes on a slow Saturday to get our food and then my moms was wrong(but hot) mine was cold and hard(quesadilla) and my dads shrimp tacos were rubbery(shrimp). They offered to remake my moms food, but we didn't have the time to wait, they DID take it off the bill, but we never saw a manager....isn't that standard restaurant protocol to send a manger over to tables to better mistakes?
Is a total drag that this restaurant doesn't take a coupon that expired 4 days ago! I'm NEVER going back again!!
Love the bottomless chipps/salsa and the queso dips.  I ordered a steak that had bacon on it and it was very good.  I have always enjoyed Chilis and this was just another good experience.  Good food, good service, good times.
Nacho and salsa. At the bar it's free
I like Chili's.  Of all the marketed neighborhood grills, they're honestly up there in regards to food taste and prices.  I can attest to that because me and the fam bam come here like clockwork it seems like lol ( bdays, holidays, etc ).  And we have figured that with all our distinct tastes this is a perfect place to go that will makes us all happy.
    Now a few plates you can never go wrong with are their shrimp tacos and their fajita trio... will say though sometimes the trio plate will have a lot of onion to compensate for the skillet it's served on, but the last few times the servings have been more than generous.  This last outing the food tasted great, atmosphere was good and I have to tip my hat off to our server David who did a phenomenal job providing service as demanding as we were with 2 five year olds...
    Thank you again we will see y'all shortly!
We went later in the evening so we were seated pretty fast. Had the queso dip and salads. Food was good but service was really slow.
The food was great I think I found my new favorite dish the Mango-Chile Chicken. Great tasting and with a kick. The service is great helped us out a lot and always came to check on us.
I can always rely on this place! This particular store is conveniently located about 5 minutes from my house, and I've revisited plenty of times. The hostesses and waitresses have always been friendly, and service has always been excellent! The food is always great as well...probably the most consistent place that I've been to. I'd have to say Chili's and In-N-Out Burger are my favorite places to eat off of the Strip on a regular basis. I don't remember a single time that I've been disappointed in my dining experience.

My most recent visit on 7/17 during lunch hour was top notch everything! My waitress Ruby was awesome and had a sweet and approachable personality. She kept the refills coming, and checked frequently to see if everything was ok. There was even another waitress that checked once on my table as well. 

I loved everything on the menu so far. Maybe I just click with a certain type of food style, and this is it. Previously I've tried the Southwestern Eggrolls, Texas Cheese Fries, Tostada Chips, Fajitas, Ribs, Fries, and Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie. I may even be missing some items throughout all the times I've visited. All so delicious. And I can't forget about the Blackberry Iced Tea. One of my favorite drinks ever. Just sweet enough. So refreshing! 

It's hard to believe that as someone who loves burgers, I haven't tried one here until this visit. I recently went on a Strip "burger tour," looking for the best burger in Vegas. I tried a handful of different burgers, all good, but never found one that justified the price. But after all this time, something I was looking for was right in front of me. The Chili's Classic Bacon Burger. For under $9 with your choice of side (lots of options available, including light broccoli and fries). The bun is soft, the patty was prepared to perfection, the bacon was delicious, even the pickles were tasty and not too salty. A perfect burger. It's still breakfast time and I want another one right now!

I think this is the best neighborhood restaurant by far. If I had to choose one place to eat at everyday, this would be it!
Ok I can usually take it or leave it when it comes to chili's however when our friends picked it I went with it. I had the best experience we have had there! 
We got seated efficiently and got Ciara as our waitress and I can't say enough good things about her. She was quite attentive and friendly! She kept our drinks full, and she listened not only to us but the kids! They both only had two crayons and not many colors so they were talking about it and without asking she brought more crayons. They both were picking cucumbers off the other moms salad plate, she brought them a bowl of cucumbers! And to top it all off she won big points with the girls when she knew who Sofia the first was! Ciara made our experience!
The food was typical of the basic family American restaurants. I got the buffalo chicken salad and while it was really good, i would probably ask for the dressing on the side next time and be prepared to take 1/2 home! My friend got the chicken salad and liked it, the kids got chicken and Mac and cheese but really loved the corn on the cob. The corn came on two wooden sticks for handles and they enjoyed eating it that way but then we pulled one out and they got corn lollipops lol! An even bigger hit! The chips and salsa are always good, even got the picky kids eating salsa and asking for it at home lol! 
Overall good not great food but excellent experience, if have kids ask for Ciara!! We would go back to have her as our waitress!
I generally like Chili's. It's a good place for us to get some food when we are too lazy to cook but don't want anything too expensive. The wait staff at this location is always really nice and prompt about keeping our drinks filled. 
We went in during a pretty busy (but not packed) evening just to get an appetizer and some drinks. It took over a half hour to get our appetizer and when it came the avacado eggrolls were soggy and the boneless wings were pretty cool. This was our only bad experience here and the ended up voiding our bill because it took them so long to bring us the food (and we didn't even complain!) I will go back because of how well they treated us.
Quick and friendly service, little to no wait time. Try the El Nio margarita, delicious!
I hate giving this place only three stars but because of the management and the poor decisions that they make that's all they deserve. 

OK, this location has all their employees wearing NFL and Collage Football jerseys and they advertise an incredible happy hour  for Thursday, Sunday and Monday night football. But then when you get there they only have one game on. Come to find out they don't gave the cable tv needed to watch more then the one game. One of the girls told us to go next door where they have every game on and something like 100 TV's. Very disappointing! 

Then I find out that this location does not offer 1000 Island dressing when just the other day I ordered a burger with the 1000 Island.  So I ordered a side of the Shiner Bock sauce and the guy brings me BBQ and I poor in on my burger. Then when I tell the guy it's the wrong sauce he tells me that they don't have the Shiner Bock sauce anymore. Keep in mind I ordered my burger plane with a side of 1000 and now I have a BBQ sauce that I did not want. 

Nope they did not offer me a new burger. 

By the way, I went to another chilies a few days later and ordered the sane burger with the 1000 island and my buddy got the Shiner Boch Burger.
This is our go to restaurant when don't have a comp'd meal at our casino/hotel we are visiting.  The service has always been prompt, the servers great, and the food always consistently great.  You just can't beat the 2 for $20 chicken fajitas for a all filling meal!  And the service has always been good to excellent!
Food is cheap; I love the ribs, the happy hour, the lunch specials where I usually get a salad and a chicken fajita. The restaurant is usually clean and I love how this location is not too far from me; it's between where I live and the south end of the Las Vegas strip. This is a monthly pit stop for me and my roommate on our day off.
The chicken avocado burger is delicious! It's on a pretzel bun which goes great with spicy mustard. The presidente margaritas never disappoint and if you are here at 3 it's happy hour!
I came here for dinner last night 11-6-13. One star for the bad service. We sat there without being greeted by our server for about 15 minutes. Servers were walking our section but just kept ignoring us. Finally once someone came we placed all our orders and I felt like it still took longer than usual to get our drinks. Our server had a feeling like either he was asked to stay late to take our table or as if he came in late for his shift and had to hit the ground running and catch up. Either way the food was the food. It's a chain restaurant. Might stop by for happy hour one day to try some drinks but not again for dinner. Such horrible service for such a slow night.
we came about 4pm  on a Wed. We waited about 7min before anyone actually came to help seat us. The workers saw us standing there but, did not choose to come over to us. We were seated at a table and chairs that were so snuggly in the corner that if they sat people In the other table they would not be able to sit comfortable. The girl who sat us was rude and just tossed our menus on the table. The table was sticky and there was food in between the tiles of the table.
We waited about 10min for the waitress to come take a drink order or even food order. Mind you it was NOT busy. We ordered our drinks, appetizer and food. 
For appetizer we order the artichoke dip and chips. it was very good but the one thing is the dip comes in a small cast iron pan and they have a little pot holder on the handle. That pot holder was dirty with who knows what all over it. I pushed it off with my napkin.  We ordered the Pretzel bun chicken sandwiches which were very good. 
Its sad to say that the food was really good but, the staff and the cleanliness of the place is a major turn off.
Seating wait time: 15mins (Sunday afternoon)

Food time after ordering: 5mins for appetizers 35-40 min for entrees. 

Food quality: 5 out of 5

Waiter: 5 out of 5  

Me and my girlfriend walked in on a Sunday afternoon before our long trip home to California. It was our first time there so we had no idea what to expect. It was a bit busy and they do not have much room for waiting. The wait time to be seated was relatively short for the amount of people there. We were able to get our drinks and appetizers really quick after ordering. The problem was the entrees taking too long. The food was really great for a chain restaurant with the enchiladas being the best I've had in a long time. The waiter was great and was keeping us up to date about our food. Overall great restaurant with good food but get four stars due to long food wait times and poor waiting area.
We had extremely bad service. Our waitress had no idea what she was doing. I had to correct my order with her multiple times. We did the 2 for 35 (which is an awesome deal) 2 margaritas, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert. We waited about 40 minutes just to get our appetizer of chips and guac. Very shortly after our fajitas came out & my skillet was barely even warm. The food got cold enough to the point where I didn't even want to eat it after only a few minutes. Then the waitress takes about a half hour to even come check on us.. when she finally does she brings the check without taking the dessert order (which was included on the meal bundle) When I reminded her of the dessert.. We waited about 30 more minutes to receive that. The only reason I give this place 2 stars is because a nice young man took over for our waitress momentarily and refilled our water glasses (for the first time all night, I'll add) and checked on our order because he noticed we were waiting for a while.
Service at the door SUCKS! First walk in no one is there to greet you, and when someone does walk up they still don't greet you or ask how many is in your party. Is this the Chili's way. This happened in the Henderson location as well. Our server is very nice and attentive. This is the only reason we stayed. Don't think we will return here again though.
Waited extremely to long for a server. Everyone just walked by never even attempted to approach the table.Then finally got seen by a server,waited even longer for 2 waters and a kids soda.Not coming back.You guys SUCK.
I ordered the quesadilla explosion salad, but the cheese on my quesadilla was cold. A friend ordered a sandwich that was supposed to have warm bread, but since the food sat in the kitchen for so long, by the time she got it, it was cold. Very disappointed. Extremely slow service.
Chili's, your basic bar food selections and then some...
We came here after going to the movies with a friend. I ordered the Chili's reinvented classic fajitas trio made with steak chicken and shrimp. My fried ordered the Chili's most popular plate according to the waiter, baby back ribs and a strawberry lemonade and I ordered iced tea, the food was great as always and the drinks were never empty. 
 There was this device on every table like a note pad  that I've never seen before, I asked the waiter what it was and he told me that it could be used to order additional drinks during the meal or dessert if I wanted to, also it could be used by kids to play games while waiting for their food  and even to pay your bill at the end using a credit card. I decided to give it a try and ordered dessert while we were eating. When we were done with the food they cleared our plates and brought the dessert the we had ordered through the machine. I swiped my credit card and paid the bill. Complaining about not seeing the waiter days are over, he's right there at the touch of a screen.
The waiter came back to make sure we didn't need anything else and to thank us.
Yes! I said.. Could you please put this device in a to go box? I need it at home while I watch the soccer games.
Poor service, poor food...I've been to other Chili's and this is probably the worst I've been too.  Very disappointed.
When we walked in, we didn't even get greeted. The girl at the front was just staring at us expecting us to say something to her. So I did. Took about 20 minutes to sit down. Not too long. But then, service was super slow. It took forever to get our order taken as well as quite a while to bring us our food. The pasta was okay. But the mac and cheese was delicious. What killed me at the end of the night was the dessert. I love love love eating dessert and was so excited for the cookie with ice cream since our dinners were just okay and service was slow. Buuuuuut, the cookie was hard as a rock and the ice cream didn't taste that good. Wouldn't choose as somewhere to eat. Probably won't come back unless someone else wanted to go. Then I would know what to expect and suggest dessert somewhere else.
ok, so the hostess is the first person to greet you huh??  nope...she was behind the scenes doing whatever for the first 4 minutes of standing there.  then she asked how many and said she would be right back...10 minutes later she comes back to a growing crowd of people...takes their names (not ours), but then escorts to our seats.  The waiters were really good, but we almost left...plenty of other places.
I do love Taco Bell and this location is no exception. Usually a little bit slower than the others as it is still newer. Service is about as fast as the location behind Target Greatland on Buffalo.
What happened to Taco Bell?  It use to be one of my favorite Guilty Pleasures....it has fallen so far down my list, I don't even crave it anymore.  Why?

- Because their portions are much smaller.

- Prices increased.

- Quality of the food downhill.

My most recent visit the other day I ordered a 7 Layer Burrito ($1.99) and 2 Bean Burritos ($1.09).  The Bean Burritos were the size of the ones they sold a few years ago for 69 cents....now they're $1.09?  They're freakin' tiny and unsatisfying.  The 7 Layer Burrito has taken a huge hit in quality too.....all of the ingredients tasted bland.....blech.  Also, Taco Bell has the habit of not putting out their Fire Sauce for people to use....only Hot & Mild.....and when you ask for some, they give you 2 packets for each item.  I can easily use up 4 or 5 per item....whatever.

Overall Value - Even though I spent less than $5, it was garbage.  Only reason why I stopped by was because of old memories of good junk food.

Will I return?  Eventually, someday.....but not anytime soon.
Near my home,always polite,prompt service and I usually have a sister wife & family spotting here! I wish they'd carry brewed ice tea and dr pepper!
First time at this particular location, but you would think since it's a chain they would all be the same...boy was I wrong. I order nacho supreme and a Mexican pizza. The nachos barely had any meat or beans on them and the shell for the Mexican pizza tasted of old oil and stale. So awful!!!
It's a Taco Bell, nothing too special, this location is hit or miss as to how full your burrito will be, and whether or not it will be wrapped well enough to not drip food out the bottom when you take a bite from the top.
Well, it started off well... As I was walking up to the door, an employee about to go on break stopped and held the door open for me. That was nice and, frankly, a notch above the service one expects or usually gets at a fast food joint.  Unfortunately, that all went to hell the moment I walked in the door.

There was only one other customer in the place and his facial expression - that borderline look between frustration & constipation - should have tipped me off.  There were two employees in the cook line as they were so engrossed in their conversation that they didn't see or hear me come in.  Despite my "Excuse me's" & audible sighs they didn't bother to acknowledge me. One of these ladies was a manager.  The other one, working the line, had plastic gloves on but kept touching her shirt as she stood there making the food order in between squeaking with the manager.

I wasn't acknowledged until the drive thru girl came out of the bathroom still zipping up her pants.  When she finally asked if I had been helped yet, I politely said, "No, and I've changed my mind."

The customer that was there when I walked in, who was still waiting for his food order, started laughing out loud as I walked out.  Sad, actually, if you stop to consider that he was actually going to eat the food that the gloved employee that kept touching her shirt was making for him...

Not coming back to this Taco Bell - ever!
Came here to try to try their XXL Steak Nachos. Not impressed. Also ordered a Chipotle Ranch Chicken and a Chili Cheese Griller because it only a dollar during happy hour which is 2 to 5 pm everyday. Again, not impressed even though it is only a dollar each.

First off, the XXL Steak Nachos had hardly any steak on it. 3 times the steak? More like 3 little strips cut up into really tiny pieces. It wasn't even warm and it didn't even taste like steak.  From the commercial they make it look bigger than it seems and even the poster that is on their wall shows you a lot more ingredients. 

The Grillers? Flavorless and bland. I don't even wanna go into details cuz it would be a waste of time for me and you.

As for service, who the heck trains these people? Was just showing up to work more than enough to be construed as hard working? After we ordered, it took about 10 minutes before we got our food and there was only one other customer ahead of us that has already ordered.

On their door where you enter, they have a sticker that says free wifi. I tried scanning for their free signal but my phone couldn't connect to it. Maybe my phone knew better than waste its battery power trying to connect to a non existent router. 

In closing, this just might be the last time that I ever step foot in a TB. I try not to recommend other places out of respect but I didn't get any from your establishment so you are not getting any from me. That same night, I took my kids to Del Taco to make up for the bad experience. 

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #35
It's taco bell, neither really good or bad
Pretty consistent, if you haven't had it before, you've got to be foreign, like outer space ;)
This place is so good. Always happy employees, fast service, and great fast food.
Since the bf likes taco bell we usually go to this one or one of the others by our apartment. The employees are super nice, the food is always yummy, and its fast!

Its your run of the mill Taco Bell, we go here since the drive thru is open late : )
This one is right across the street from me. 

When you're in the mood to run for the border this one is always fast and friendly.
This Taco Bell takes so long, it's not the best place to go for munchies because you'll be sober by the time you get your food. 

1:00 AM, only car in the drive through on a Wednesday night/ Thursday morning. 5 minutes to get our food. We didn't check it there (our bad) but we got home to find out we were given the wrong item despite having the order repeated back correctly. I'm not sure how this happened as there literally no one else in the drive thru and dining room closed. 

They do have a happy hour from 2pm-5pm with $1 loaded grillers and drinks, so I would be willing to deal with the wait for that deal, as long as my food was correct. 

The drive thru is a really tight turn in if you're coming from the right, it's almost easier to circle through the parking lot so you're turning left into the drive thru.
Ok I did give them a fussy order but I didn't think it was so difficult they wouldn't get it right after multiple repetitions. But they were friendly and corrected the errors.  The building looks great, as if freshly painted, which was nice to see.
Decided to do a late-night run to Taco Bell, the line was long but we thought 'what the heck'. When we got up to the speaker box, the cashier was laughing about a joke his coworker had just told him or something. He asks us to hold on, comes back to us to take our order 5 minutes later, we order two double decker taco's (add nacho cheese plus $1), a tropical freeeze, and last minute..the 4 piece Cinnabon treats. After scrolling through my Facebook newsfeed 17 times we get up to the window. We see a lady at the counter, I assumed her shift was ending because she had her purse on the counter where they take customer's orders and she was holding a banana...between her armpit. The guy came to take our money and hands us our food. We drive away, ready to feast! We get back to our place, I unwrap the cheesy goodne-oh what the hell! NO NACHO CHEESE....okkk....we eat them anyway. I pop one of the Cinabons into my mouth, bite down on the swee-oh god! Tasted like i was biting into a handful of sand. I take another bite-not sure why, but curious to give them a second chance. NOPE. Nope. nope. Now I've been sick for a few days *sniffle* so my tastebuds have been acting up. Food is tasteless for most bites, color has become colorless, and touch..well touching is cool. ANYway, this BITE felt like cum. I'm pretty sure it was.
I realize this is fast food, but it's a international chain & should have some customer service. I went inside for the 1st time (usually use the drive thru) & what a disappointment!!! There was nobody in line, yet I waited for almost 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge me the whole time listening to them gossip (including manager!!!) Then after ordering, it took another 17 mins for my food to arrive... What's happened to FAST FOOD?!? Between the rude employees & long wait times I will NEVER return!!!
I went thru the drive thru during the afternoon lunch rush and they were super fast, I only waited for 2 mins :)
They have really fast service and the food is always warm always friendly  I like the fact the manger personally takes the food to you and treats you awesome .  He also gave me a whole bunch of coupons
ok so I understand you get what you pay for and fast food isn't 5 star dining but....


this visit to taco bell was horrible I ordered the box meal and my two tacos had a barely any meat in them I wasn't going to pay for a cheese and lettuce taco so I asked for more meat and she said she had to charge me so I asked for a refund 

on top of that we were in the drive thru a total of 15-20 mins worst taco bell experience ever
"Think outside the bun" - usually only when I am starving and only have $3 to my name. But to do right by TB I have to say they do make a mean Mexican pizza.

Since I only usually go to this location there are some things I can say about it.

1) Service is always friendly and extremely fast!
2)Prices are great (hope it is actually human consumable)
3) Decent Mexican tasting food

So, when in doubt, do not go without - go with Taco Bell instead!
One of the most clean taco bells I've been to. Actually ate in. Which is weird. I never eat in Taco Bell. Matter of fact , I was looking for Subway! Ended up here. Was greeted kindly when I walked in.  It wasn't cause I'm good lookin. They did this to EVERYONE!!! Food was fresh too, nope, this wasn't someone else's order, it was made for ME.
Girl at drive through was extremely pleasant tonight! Lol no prob with my food. N I got a happy face on my order.
The people at this Taco Bell are always so nice and helpful! It's refreshing to be greeted by such positive people. I've never had an issue with the food I've ordered and the dining room is always clean. I'll be back for sure.
Excellent food and service! Greeted with a warm welcome. Ashley (cashier) was very enthusiastic.
i never write reviews just to let you know... but i went to the location on sunset and marks street in henderson nv this mourning and the young female that works the drive threw was amazing...she is so perky and has a bubbly personality.... she honestly made my day..she has her own little spiel that she puts on... best drive through experience i have ever had hands down... you guys have to have everyone of your employees like her...i will be back just because of her.... thought id stop by and just let you know that... location marks and warmsprings in henderson nv....i am going to put her on you tube next time im there... she deserves a raise or something...  just thought id advised you that you have such a great employee... and from what i hear theres two of them.....just called the location her name is ciarra... give her a riase!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you are lucky to have her....
This is my first choice for fast food in the area. The drive thru staff are incredibly friendly and the food is always hot and fresh.
This place has really gone down hill the past few months.  The employees are very nice, yes, but I'd rather take someone with attitude over my orders taking forever and being incorrect.  Typical time is at least 5 mins a car in the drive through.  Ask for extra sauce, and get none on more than one occasion.  Even something as simple as a soda they somehow manage to mess up - today it tastes like soap. Maybe if they hire people who can actually work instead of making stupid voices orders will start being right again
OMG this is the best Taco Bell ever. I have been coming here for a few months. The drive thru is awesome.  Kelsy is the best. She is always bubbly and friendly.  I have never went to this location and had a bad experience. I even get happy faces on my receipt.  I feel so special when going there. .
I have been to other Taco bells and they don't even come close to the service you get here. I have went out of my way many times just to go to this Taco bell. I am definitely hooked.
Grade: C

Dopey staff. Okay food. Good prices. Even McDonald's updates their menu.
YAY! Pasqual's is back in Verona, right where it used to be on Cross Country.  We were so disappointed when they closed that location a few years ago.  We stopped in on a Friday night, and the place has been completely renovated and was packed.   It is much more like the Hilldale location, with a beautiful bar.  We were only there for margaritas and nachos, but both were just as good as always.  Their margaritas are one of the best in town, no skimping on the booze.  (They are pricey, but you can get them 1/2 price on Monday and Tuesday.)  The nachos are great, we got the shredded chicken.  You can definitely make a meal from the large order.  Our server was attentive without being bothersome.  The menu is a bit different than the other locations.  There are burgers on this one and not all of the other offerings that the other locations have.  I am anxious to try some of the new items now that they are back in our neighborhood.  We have been eating at Pasqual's since there was only one location on Monroe St. and cannot think of a time we have been disappointed.  The only thing I wish they hadn't changed is they no longer have their menu on that colorful chalkboard.  Who's idea was that to get rid of it???
Just reopened.

I'm told the recently reopened Pasqual's has the exact same interior as it previously did - right down to the wall decorations, seating, dividers, and bar.  I'd never been to this location prior to tonight, so I can't confirm or verify.

We were seated promptly and were presented with two thimble-sized glasses of water. The interior of this place is L-O-U-D, loud.  My friend and I had to shout/spittle all over each other while trying to talk across our table.  If you're looking for an intimate setting in which to catch-up with someone, look elsewhere.

Our waiter arrived and asked if we'd like to order chips and salsa.  We did, and we also placed an order for two brews - a Spotted Cow and a Lake Louie Porter.  The tap selection is limited; just five brews.

The menu is smaller than what you'll find at a typical Pasqual's.  This is, afterall, the "cantina" version of Pasqual's.  We ordered the enchiladas and the carne asada tacos.

The food arrived after about 20 minutes or so, and it was tasty.  I didn't sample the enchiladas, but I'm told they were excellent.  My carne asada tacos came on soft corn tortillas, which were really flavorful.  I skipped the rice and went with black beans, which were also excellent, but were covered in a light layer of cheese.  The cheese was/is completely unnecessary, in my humble opinion.

Our server refilled our brews, but was otherwise absent.  He asked if we wanted to split the check (we did), and then promptly disappeared.  My part of the check was $25... a bit steep for what I received.

The noise level never diminished; it was tiring to be in the restaurant and almost having to shout for the entire meal... as we were readying to leave, we noticed the restaurant had cleared out, yet is was still quite noisy.  

Pasqual's = OK

Food = 3.75 stars (better than your typical sleazican offerings)
Value = 2.5 stars 
Service = 2.5 stars
MISC = 1.5 stars (very loud)

Would probably be a good place for a drink and some appetizers with a larger group of friends; not so great for a quiet or inexpensive night out.
I am really happy Pasqual's is back in Verona!  They've got the same great food and margaritas with an upscaled interior and really attractive bar area.
Pasquals looks great after it reopened. The food there I don't think meets the awesome decor. You can go a block up and go to Cuco's and have better food. 
The interior is great tho.
Re-visited Pasqual's tonight for dinner with a co-worker, and we were seated next to the kitchen, where we had a full, un-fettered view of the kitchen works.

Our server was friendly and prompt; chips and salsa were good, as usual.  A Dos Equis Amber (from the tap) was crisp and fresh.

What bothered me was watching the food preparation process. Nothing is made fresh.  They have chafing dishes and refrigerated containers that contain all of the "pieces" of your meal.  

Depending on your order, they scoop from various containers, assemble, plate, and then cover with a plastic lid.  From there, it's into a microwave - they have a bank of them - where your food is nuked until warm.  Or, in my case, until it's still refrigerator cold in the middle...

I'm sorry, but I don't feel it's fair to pay $10 for 2 tacos that are improperly microwaved... 

I watched as *every single* entree was processed through the assembly line like this.  I could describe to you in perfect detail the steel-grey microwaves, the greyish-colored lids, and the workers that were cranking out the reheated food plate after plate... I saw several entrees that had sat too long after being nuked go back into the microwave for a second reheating before being presented to diners.

I won't be back.  Hell, Chipotle prepares its food in-mass prior to serving, but at least it's kept warm/hot and served relatively fresh.  And, it costs about 2/3 as much.
The food is great - Pasquals easily does the best southwest fare in the Verona area.  It got better with the recent addition of lunch portions and the welcome return of their weekend brunch menu.

Unfortunately, their parking lot is an absolute combat zone.  They'd benefit from some additional parking and an exit to Cross Country Rd.
Torn between three and four stars for Pasqual's. Service was polite and prompt but not overly caring  The food is good quality but a little overpriced.  A big problem with this location is that they don't have enough parking and I wouldn't park on the street to eat here.
What Mexican Restaurant charges you for chips and salsa? That's just ridiculous. The food was ok, but after 2 beers and 2 margaritas, the bill was quite high and I felt like I'd have gotten more for my money had I gone for prime rib over enchiladas. There are definitely better Mexican Restaurants to visit on the West Side of Madison.
Overrated.
I grew up in a small, Central Wisconsin city where for years the battle for the top Mexican restaurant in town was waged between Taco John's and Taco Bell. In 1991, I left for college in Madison with the opinion that Taco John's had the best Mexican food, ever. Then I stepped into Pasqual's for the first time. The tacos, burritos and especially the enchiladas, were a true awakening. They helped turn this small-town boy into a cosmopolitan man. I changed that day, but unfortunately Pasqual's, too, has changed over the years. 

Maybe it's because so many authentic restaurants, owned by real Mexicans, have opened over the years and changed my expectations (probably). Maybe it's because Paqual's isn't what it once was (perhaps). Maybe it's because I'm more cosmopolitan than ever (hell no). Whatever it is, I now find Pasqual's to be good, not great. 

It's close. It's clean. It's convenient. The atmo is authentic; I feel like I'm just a few blocks from Santa Fe. The chili cheese dip is the best thing ever and their salsa is rad. The burgers are better than the Southwestern entrees. I love the sauce on the chorizo burger. The brunch is better than the Southwestern entrees. The huevos rancheros kick ass and the blue corn pancakes make me happy. The chili verde is great on a cool, damp day. The salads are fresh. The beans and rice are too salty. I don't like the pulled chicken filling for a reason I can't quite pinpoint; not a huge fan of the beef either but it beats the chicken. My wife loves the quesadilla. I don't. I blame the chicken. 

Overall, there's enough that's good to eat. I'm glad Pasqual's is back in Verona and we go there quite often.
My experience was an absolute disaster.

My group and I were seated outside, which felt nice and cool at the time. We ordered our food, which were all just simple tacos because we had plans for later in the evening. Well, an hour passed and we still haven't gotten our food. During our third pitcher of beer, it started to rain on us. We wanted to relocate back inside where there were still many tables left, but no one even bothered to check up on everyone outside. All the other tables were rained on too. Finally our food had arrived, all in its microwaved glory. How it took over an hour was beyond me. It wasn't even that busy.
I prefer this location over Hilldale. Great place for blue corn tortilla cheese enchiladas with green chili sauce. Ok, it's not Santa Fe or Houston, but it is pretty good for transplanted Texan living in beer and brat country. Great guacamole. Admirable service.
The most awesome part of Pasqual's is their salsa -- mild, medium, hot, love it all. I think at one point in history they even called themselves a "salsaria." The salsa makes me want to salsa dance even though I know I can't dance and I'm not even sure what salsa dancing is. That is how good it is, which is precisely why I'm so disappointed in Pasqual's today. With a large plate of nachos, they serve about a tablespoon of salsa in a tiny little cup. This happened last time, too, so we ordered extra salsa, but we got the same tiny little tablespoon cup. The chicken, the beef, the nachos, the tacos here are 3-star stuff, but I truly believe it's the salsa that makes it so. Gimme more!
Nope, the food isn't amazing. It's not bad--but I haven't had anything that thrills me. 

We still find ourselves here maybe once a month when we want something quick(it's easy to tell from the menu that a lot of it is pre made and just assembled to order), some chips and salsa(yeah, it's kind of a bummer that they charge--but I'm seeing that at a lot of places now), and my guy wants a beer. 

This is where we dash into for quickie lunch breaks, mid-errand dinners, and casual guacamole dates on the deck. 

I recommend the chile verde, it's cheap(maybe $7), tasty--and filling. I think they've tweaked the blue cornbread a bit, tonight  it was more moist and had just a dash of sweetness that I didn't remember from previous meals.
The beer probably helped, but I think I had fonder memories of this restaurant chain when I was in college.

I must be getting old...the decor says "cheesy spraypaint t-shirts from swap meet" and sort of a laid back eclectic.  I did like that they painted faux peepholes in the exposed a/c ducts with funny little characters peeking out.

What kind of lost it for me was that the place has just opened up and it looks kind of like a dump already.  I mean, I know it's supposed to be casual and beachy...but the booths already have butt-dents permanently ingrained in the vinyl.  

Crusty stained menu = Ew
Sticky floors = Ew
Sticky table = Ew
Stuffed animal order marker with food stains = NASTY

Upside was the food was decent and so were the prices.  But  why are there waitresses when you have to go to the register to order food, get drinks, and refills, and get your own chips and salsa?  They were nice, nonetheless...still...

Overall I just got a blah reaction.

I had way better fish tacos in San Diego.
Chuys is definitely a casual dining place.  It refers to itself as a mesquite broiler, but the food seems pretty standard Tex-Mex.  I remember going to the location near 28th Street and Indian School when I was a teenager and it was a similar decor...however the old one seemed more beach-like than, as Margaret said "cheesy spray paint t-shirts from swap meet."

What I did like about the facility is that it was very clean, well lit without glaring light, and spacious -- the tables aren't so close that you hit the people behind you when you are getting out of your chair.  Why do some restaurants do that?  How can being constantly bumped be an enjoyable meal time activity?  Again though everything was clean.

Thankfully, we didn't get a stuffed animal marker.  The idea of having stuffed animals in a greasy food establishment is quite disgusting.  I only saw one table get one and it was a family with wee little children.

I am not a partaker of buffets since I am not a fan of having everyone who has come through a restaurant touching my food, so I wasn't excited about the serve your own chips and salsa.  However, the sneeze guard was so large I could hardly reach the salsa -- and I have long arms.

You do order your food at the counter and get your own chips, but the waitresses bring it to you and come by often to refill your drinks.

The food was good.  We got a quesadilla, fajitas, and fries/chicken.  The portions were good with one exception...there were minimal tortillas with the fajitas, not near enough for all of the fajita insides.

It definitely seemed like a place where everyone should be drinking!
After shopping all day, I wanted something pretty quickly and something that won't break the bank. Chuys was a good stop!

They offer good specials. I ordered to go and got the chicken fajita for $5 or $6 and it was good! They made it within 10 minutes or so.

The staff were very helpful and friendly! In addition, while you wait they have video game machines and the "prize grab" machine. It must have been a lucky night because my husband scored a stuffed animal for my niece. We all left pleasantly surprised!
If I were a fat man, Chuy's would be one of the reasons why!  Crazy cheep drinks, big portions, and a free chip & salsa bar.  They have several big screen TVs so you won't miss the big game(s) either.  They have a real nice selection of beers on tap, and some of the best drink & food happy hour (3-7pm) specials in town.  If they add queso to the chip bar I'm moving in!
Cheap eats in a laid back beachy atmosphere. You can easily feed a family of 3 for less than $20. I'm a big fan of the shrimp tacos and $1 make-your-own bloody mary bar on Sunday mornings. Fun, cheap place to hang out with a group of friends.
Tried this because of reviews from yelp I was not disappointed! The waitress was friendly and helpful! The food was hot and tasty! The prices were excellent! The only drawback was disposable plates and forks  but because the food was good and price was right can over look that! The restaurant is open and with the game on it was very loud, note to self try a day when no football is on! But it was a friendly atmosphere and everyone were enjoying the food, drink and game on multiple Tvs , will definately return and try other things on menu! I had the fajitas and husband had the enchiladas, both were good!
My friend and I came to Chuy's this past Monday for the first time, since we heard that they had great prices on food and we were thinking to have maybe just one drink since we are seriously so poor now that it's not even funny. 

So we got there and I decided to get the "5 star enchilada combo" or something like that for $4.99. Good amount of food, but the quality was a little below average. "You get what you pay for" totally applies here.  

But let's cut straight to the chase: If you're looking to do happy hour right and on a budget, this is your place! $2 Margaritas and $2.75 for ANY Well Drinks (all tall glasses). And they're not stingy on the the alcohol :) . Great service too.  Our server was nice, attentive, and gave us lemon drops on the house. 

My advice: Come here for happy hour (Everyday 3pm-6pm) if you wanna get a lot of drinks for a good price.  But if you're looking for good Mexican food, you're better off going to Macayo's.
We don't have a Chuy's back home and so we thought we'd check it out.  

Chuy fooey.  On the outside, it reminded me of an AppleBee's or an Outback setting where you sit down, get served, and chat with family for 2-3 hours.  Instead, think of this place as a fast food joint with the quality being similar to what you'd get at a carnival.

After my first 3 bites, I immediately knew, "We should have ate at home."  The beans were equal to sloshing out of a tin can.  The rice remained dry despite adding ketchup.  And the tri-tip tacos that came highly recommended by the server were interestingly chewy yet watery.  Oh and how could I forget, the tortilla chips were so processed that each and every chip looked just like the other.

And the service . . . my, what a comedy of errors.  We got 3 menus for 5 people.  The server, who we thought was directing us to our booth, innocently did a U-turn to do something else . . . completely unaware that she just handed us 3 menus.  She eventually took our order but forgot to check-in on us AND forgot about our "to-go" order which was a blessing in hindsight.  She was hardly 20 years old and couldn't focus longer than 30 seconds or knew enough to cover her out-pouches of skin.  

Are there any pros you ask?  Well sure.  1)  They have a salsa bar with somewhat decent salsa on it, 2) and the most important one is that we don't have a Chuy's back home.
I have been here several times because I have met the owner, liked the food and drinks are very reasonable. 

However-I went last weekend with family which included 5 of us with children. We ordered and for the first time were very disappointed. I was so disappointed that I complained about my 6 year olds dinner (Nachos). Mind you I cannot recall when I actually lodged a formal complaint with an establishment regarding a food issue.
The child's dinner consisted of very large portion of average tortilla chips in a bowl with a skimpy amount of cheese sprinkled over the chips and heated with a micro-wave. Very little cheese had melted, most of the cheese fell to the bottom of the bowl and the meal was horribly disappointing. 

After complaining about my son's $4.99 child meal (stretch on the word meal) on a total bill of $54, I was politely told that there was nothing the management could do about it. 
I however can do something about it. 

     - I tipped the waitress poorly to represent the overall service.

     - I left vowing never to come back.

     - I am writing this review for your convenience to pre-warn you to extreme disappointment. 

In the end I got the impression the owner (Tai - I believe) who was working in the kitchen, simply did not care. Almost like he was going out of business attitude and wanted every dollar today with no customer satisfaction regard for the tomorrows, kind of thing.

BEWARE!!!!
My boyfriend and I went He got the Cali tacos which were good but didn't really have a lot of taste. My BBQ sandwich was good but didn't come with BBQ sauce! The meat was really delicious and tender but the bun was really sogggy and greasy. The sandwich end up making my stomach hurt.  The portion size for both meals was perfect though. Overall probably won't go back.
We ventured into Chuy's on Friday night, and didn't know what to expect. The decor is straight out of a cantina from any California boadwalk cafe. It offers pretty cool scenery with all the surf bbards and graffiti etc. 

The food - that's a different story, it' not that great. I had a Coors light from tap, it tasted old and flat, they needed to change to keg. Our food was California tacos fish, and steak was just ok, I've had way better. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the salsa n chips. So If I ever some here again, it would only be for the chips n salsa
Really great chicken.  I love their chicken salad.  ALWAYS great specials on food and margaritas.  I really like their mexican cole slaw and pick up 'to go' too.
Now we ate here twice this past weekend? Yes, twice! I had to make sure about their service, which is lousy! The first night, family and I had a quick dinner before our daughter had to work. I had the tri tip sandwich, mother had the burger sliders, and daughter had the cheese burger. 
FOOD! - I love tri tip, especially from Santa Maria, CA. I have yet to find a place just as good. Chuy's is alright, I ate it, I enjoyed it, but nothing worth writing home about. Wife did like their burger sliders a lot. Plenty of flavor. Daughter was not that impressed with the cheese burger. patty way to think, too much pepper.

Service! - It it wasn't for Ofelia! We might still be their waiting for our food or getting our check. I even requested for Ofelia to receive the tip!

Now, I enjoyed Chuy's enough to come back again, this time I ordered their pull pork sliders, daughter had their chicken strips, and wife had their tri tip tacos, and their chico tacos.

Again, I enjoyed their pull pork sliders, you do need to add BBQ sauce to them. They to tend to be on the dry side.  Again the daughter was not that impressed with the Chicken tenders, and their tacos were awful! no taste at all.

Now their service again was lousy! Their cook had to serve us the food? Never seen our waiter except when ordering? Had to walk up to the bar and asked for the check. 

The only reason I might come back is, the place is rockin on Friday night!
We were in town house hunting and drove up and down Bell looking for someplace (anyplace!!) that wasn't a national chain. We actually stumbled into Chuy's because I thought another building in the shopping area was a restaurant (I think that actually was a bank) and ran into Chuy's trying to get out of the parking lot.. It was getting dark, so we decided to just settle here.

When we walked in, my initial thought was to turn around and walk out. This is not a fancy place! The wife says "This is the only place we found - we are staying here." Of course, we did (she who must be obeyed.)

Turns out it was a very enjoyable experience. The service was fast and personable, the food was good and relatively cheap and the margaritas were great. My only warning is not to fill up on the Chips & Salsa - the main dish (tri tip for me, a salad for the wife) is worth a little wait.

We ended up buying a house about 10 miles from Chuys - but we will definitely make the drive some night when the outdoor seating is open.
Ate at the new Pasqual's Hilldale last night.  

Atmosphere:

While I'm a fan of the Pasqual's on Monroe St the interior of this new Pasqual's is bizarre.  It feels like an industrial space with lots of different colored walls and a cement floor.  It might work for some other type of restaurant but not a Tex-Mex joint.  Its way too bright also.  

The Food:

Enh.  Not bad but not great.  Texas Tubbs is better for tacos.  The food had an almost Taco Bell taste/quality to it.  I had two tacos and we also tried the huevos rancheros.  The huevos were just plain gross and the tacos were ok.  One good thing is that its cheap.

The Service:

A friendly hostess sat us but she could not have been over 15 years old.  The service was fine for a $15 meal of tacos.  Not great but you get what you pay for.  

Overall:

Unfortunately I don't think I'll return.  The space is too sterile and it feels like a chain.  Honestly Qdoba has more character and the food might even be better too...
I'll second what Veeder V. said. What a waste of that space. The food and environment on Monroe are so much better. Blindly ignoring the decor (hard to do) and the food tasted like the cook hadn't slept in a few days since he had been fired from his last gig at Sizzlers.
It's sad that this Pasqual's even shares the same name as the one on Monroe st, because if this were my only Pasqual's experience, I'd never go back.  

I used to love the old Atwood location, and the Monroe one is good too.  This newest addition just sucks.  First off, It's big and dark, yet like an old factory.  Huh?

The food selection is slightly different than the Pasqual's on Monroe street too.  Just weird stuff.  And what is with the bakery/coffee shop?  The table setup is strange too.  Every table is awkward, and the place is cold.

Just do yourself a favor, and don't go here.
The environment at the Hilldale location is very suburban BigCity -- but I think Hilldale is trying to be the typical suburban BigCity mall these days.  The food seemed to be the same to me. It was quite tasty, but basically the same as Monroe Street.  [[minus the kitchy flowers marking the tables after you order and plus actual servers.]]  If I had a choice, I'd go to the Monroe St location, but this one would definitely do.
I enjoyed the comfortable, colorful, appropriately southwestern atmosphere, but the food just didn't pack a good punch. I ordered the veggie enchiladas, and although they looked great on my plate alongside beans and rice, they just didn't taste like much at all. I ordered mine with a blue corn tortilla, which I was excited to see as on option, but it lacked the great corny flavor I was hoping for. The red chili sauce had no heat to it and the cheese seemed to be more grease than anything. I was very surprised that such a great looking dish could be so lacking in flavor. The service, however, was friendly and speedy. I liked that you could order small or large potions of most menu items. I'll probably visit Pasqual's again sometime in the future, but I think I'll call ahead to make sure the kitchen hasn't run out of salt...
Pasqual's is a decent tex-mex restaurant in the "lifestyle center" section of Hilldale mall.  I used to patronize the Pasqual's in Middleton, but that one closed a while back.  The food at the Middleton location was good but the service was hit-or-miss.  No surprise, it's the same way at the Hilldale location.  

The food is good.  The ingredients seem to be high-quality and everything I've tried has been tasty.  The chicken enchiladas are especially good.  Unfortunately, the service is lacking.  Me or members of my party have gotten wrong food on several occasions.  Usually it's something like getting chicken instead of beef in the enchiladas.   I'm sure they would be happy to fix it/offer to take it off the bill, but I'm not the type to complain about stuff like that (instead passive-aggressively writing angry Yelp reviews) so I guess I can't complain that I get the wrong food.  I would say that once out of every three trips, there is at least one aspect of someone's order that is wrong, which is far worse than any other restaurant I've regularly visited.

The price is right and I the decor is a nice change of pace from your standard tex-mex place.  The waitstaff is friendly and attentive, service is prompt and the food is (usually) hot.  There isn't much to complain about.

If you're looking for authentic Mexican, skip this place.  But if you're looking for good tex-mex and aren't shy about correcting your incorrect order, try out Pasqual's.
Our visit was on a Saturday afternoon. We choose to sit outside even thought is was a bit cooler outside. We were seated quickly, table was adjusted for the two of us and our waiter (Chris) was out quite fast. He was knowledgeable with everything from beverages to entries and didn't let us down. Food arrived fairly quick. It was hot, plentiful, and good tasting. The waiter even left us his iphone to help us find an answer to a trivia question we were discussing. All in all we were treated well and enjoyed the dining.
Stopped in for dinner after a long Saturday at work. Immediately I was taken aback  by the loud table of nine hundred children, because the open seating arrangement allows for no sound absorption. Not exactly how I wanted to relax. It was a bit cool that day, but we decided to sit outside where it was quiet. We started off with an order of chips with mild salsa and bean dip(and yes...you have to pay for the chips and salsa--not complimentary). These were okay, but nothing special. Not sure I'd order them again...For the meal I chose the Chicken chili. It was very good, laced with just enough green chile and beans. It also came with blue corn bread which was nice. Quite filling for a low price! The boyfriend ordered a tamale, which he seemed pleased but not fanatic about. They also have good iced tea, which I'm a big fan of. We both got a decent meal and left under $20 later. We'd go here again.
Since the Hilldale area is not know for their breakfast in the immediate area, one Saturday morning recently, my Dad and I visited.  Now I had been here for lunch and dinner, and saw that it was pretty popular.  I enjoyed the outdoor seating, when you can get it, but unless you love the sound of small children screaming in an echo chamber (One lil' scamp kept throwing his hard, plastic toy on the concrete, as hard as he could one evening I was there.)  Anyway, I thought I would try it for breakfast, and I have to say, it was pretty good.  I had heuvos rancheros, which were nicely spiced, with black beans and potatoes on the side.  They also had a huge piece of blue corn bread that I ordered as extra with agave dipping sauce.  Not sweet like most Northern corn bread, but still 'cakey'.  Coffee wasn't the best tasting, but I've come to expect that from west side places.  Best of all, only adults were occupying the tables, and it was blissfully peaceful.  I'm just afraid they are going to discontinue b-fast at Pasquels, since there is so few patrons.  They also have a few bakery goods on sale, and a coffee nook with a tv.
We like Pasqual's.  The food is decent.  The service is typically good - and fast.  Not too pricey.  The restaurant is really kid friendly - which is important to us given we have a 15 mo old.  I love that they have concrete floors - it's easy for me to clean up after our son.  Pasqual's is owned by a local family - I like that.  Nothing against chains - everyone is entitled to make a buck.  I just prefer to support the locals whenever I can.
Sat and waited for an outside table at the bar and experienced a woman bartender with a huge chip!  The waiteress made up for the bad bartender however the food was mediocre at best!  They charge for chips and salsa and the salsa is serves in a dixie cup sized plastic cup. I had the fish tacos which were soggy like they had been warmed up in a microwave with no flavor what so ever, The guacamole was like wall paper paste and the black beans and rice were served cold and lumpy.  Im truly upset they have let this place slide, I use to dream about their cowboy burrito...They need to get back to basics!
Had a bad experience today.  Food took an hour to arrive.  There were quite a few people who arrived after us, ate, and left, all before we got our food.  Compensation was a glass of beer and some chips (which should be free anyway), but to be fair, we didn't ask for any entrees to be removed from the bill or anything like that.  The waitress was somewhat apologetic, but she didn't actually offer the free items; a woman who must have been the manager saw how long we were waiting and offered us the refills/chips.

The food was quite good as always, but I'm afraid that after receiving poor service on almost every occasion, I'm not headed back here.
Music way too loud. 

Ran out of water. Waiter never showed back up until we were done. Little late to ask how things are. Also, it always bothers me when the waiter isn't the one bringing out the food. They lose the connection with the customer.

Mexican restaurant with no chips? What's up with that?

Food quality mediocre at best.
Decent food, half price margaritas on Mondays and Tuesdays - the original margarita is so good! 

They have a nice outdoor area.

Their homemade chips and salsa are also so delicious.
They have top of the line guacamole here, and the chips are perfectly spiced. The food is yummy, and they really do have the best margaritas in town. The waitstaff is friendly and helpful, I've never had any problems there. All in all, a great place.
My dude and I go here about once a week. Can't get enough. Margaritas are great, food is super tasty, service is fast. The only complaint I have is it's super cold. Bring a sweater.
They have half-priced margs on Mondays and Tuesdays, so just about every Tuesday this summer we've sat on the patio and gotten margs, chips and pico, and split a salad or fajitas. The margs are delicious, chips and salsa are tasty but not included with your meal. Their entrees are generally above average. 

The patio is lovely in the summer, but inside is a bit loud and echoey. It's a bit slow, so best to go when you're not in a hurry.
This place is terrible. While I prefer Mexican food to Tex-Mex, I am always willing to try something new. Pasquals becomes expensive after you add in the price of chips plus salsa to try to give the food some flavor. Everything I tried lacked flavor and the servers were incompetent. I would not recommend this place.
Craving some chips, salsa, and a burrito, a small group of us sauntered into Pasqual's earlier this week.  We were immediately seated (in the bar area), and placed an order for some brews.

Two of the brews were unavailable - they had sold out.  Substitutions were made and chips with queso were ordered.

I'm familiar with many styles of queso... but I was shocked by Pasqual's "queso" - it was more like a soft-spread, cream-cheese-infused queso-wannabe.  Rather than a soft, flowing, warm queso, this was cold and hard-packed in a small Solo cup.  Definitely unusual, and largely tasteless.  Two salsas accompanied the "queso" - neither were exceptional.

Dinner orders were placed: taco plate, a chicken fajita burrito, and a veggie burger (don't ask).

The food arrived fairly quickly, and portions were impressive if nothing else.  My burrito was stuffed full of black beans, grilled chicken, and a few veggies.  A massive serving of black beans (not refried - yay!) filled-out the rest of the plate.  The burrito was decent, but again - bland and not remarkable by any means.

The taco plate was covered in shredded lettuce and cheese; I'm told it was "ok."  I won't even comment on the veggie burger because in the end, they're all about the same... frozen-pressed Bocas taste the same no matter which microwave they came from.

The bill arrived; my meal with a few rounds of brews and paying for the chips and salsa was a staggering $36... a little steep given the unexciting nature.

Interior was large, open, and quite noisy.  They do have a great selection of Tequila - I'd like to sample a few at some future time.

Pasqual's = MEH

Food = 2.25 stars
Value = 2 stars
Service = 3.5 stars (good waiter; attentive and helpful)
MISC = 2.25 stars
Love Pasqual's! We go here at least once a week. The margs are great but pricey and the food is always amazing. One of my favorite things is that we never wait for a seat, even when other restaurants tell us it's going to be an hour, we get seated right away at Pasqual's. The wait staff is great too - I am so sick of getting terrible service in Madison at other places, but the staff at Pasqual's is always prompt and attentive. The food is good, typical Tex-Mex, but it is always consistent and that's super important to me. I get cravings for this place whenever I'm in the Midvale vicinity! :)

My only complaint - I wish you were serving dinner until 10 p.m..... we went just after 9 one time and only the bar was open. I just wish we still had you as an option on those nights I have to stay at work late.
We entered as a party of 5 and the hostess did not greet us nor ask anything else as she displayed a clueless stare.  As I got her attention I advised that we would need a table for 5 outside. It was a glorious afternoon in Madison.  We were seated on the patio and found a dirty wood slat table that they cleared while we waited. As we were invited to be seated, the entire party noted old  food smeared on the floor  beneath  the table from the previous party.
  Servers were pleasant but not very attentive to much but bring out the food and quickly collecting their tips from the 3 other dirty tables they were clearing while we awaited service. BTW, our order arrived hot and pleasing. Tasted okay. I asked for some ketchup and then waited quite a while..... .then a while longer...... ...and then completed eating half the burger before the server returned and then scampered off to "find" some ketchup.  I'm a big fan of refills on the soda and  server wasn't to keen on my empty glass or others at the table that needed more iced tea.  We were visiting the UWM campus and will return next month, but won't be back to Pasqual's at Hilldale Mall.
Nice design and atmosphere.  Very mediocre service.  Extensive menu that gets your hopes up, but I've never really had anything very good there.  As I live nearby, I can't wait until they are replaced by something else.  It seems popular, but I think people are all pretending to like it.  It's far from a bad place, but it's not good enough to go to in my opinion.
I can't tell you how much I loved the Pasqual's on Monroe Street. My fiance raved and raved about how awesome it was and when we finally went, I agreed. It was an uncomplicated but delicious and memorable meal. The atmosphere was cozy but not quaint and the servers were friendly, quick and attentive.

I don't even know how to express the epic disappointment I experienced at Pasqual's Hilldale location. I'll start with this: I'm not sure if I should throw it up now or suffer the consequences later.

Atmosphere:
Holy dark and bright at the same time? You walk in and it's dark and cold. You sit down and depending on your orientation, you may be staring into a poorly lit section of the lame "industrial" decor or you may have the damn sun glaring into your eyes annihilating your retinas. There are no shades to combat the sun.
The music is LOUD. Way too loud. I got tired of asking my dinner mates "What? I can't hear you!" a hundred times.

Service: We walked in and received a vacant stare from a 15-17 year old girl who was doodling on a napkin. No greeting. We asked her if our party had arrived. She called another male server over who couldn't seem to find our reservation. We then said that we needed a table for 8 and a highchair. They took a few minutes to push our tables together and lay out the menus and told us we could sit down. Once we got situated, another extremely young looking server came over with a tray of water. Before she even placed the water she said, "Uh, just so you guys know, we don't split checks at all for like, parties 8 and over so I just want you to know to know that now instead of being surprised. Like, we don't split checks AT ALL." Her tone was really snotty and with no intro of "Hi, my name is X welcome to X, I'll be your server today!" it really set a bad tone for dinner. She placed the water and left.
  We waited about 10 minute for our companions to arrive. No one came over to take our order for drinks or appetizers during that time. Once our companions did arrive it took another 7 for anyone to come over and take our order.
   We ordered our drinks, two orders of chips & salsa, one order of guacomole and were told immediately that, "Just so you know, you only get ONE refill per order of chips and NO refilled on the guacomole, ok?" Yeah, got it.
  The drinks arrived and soon after, the chips/salsa/guacomole. We all were really disappointed to see the chip baskets not filled to capacity and the guac/salsa served in paper solo cups. Considering that you get larger sizes of chips/salsa for FREE at the majority of other Mexican restaurants, it was pretty "Eh." for the price.
  A different woman came to take our food order. We were in the middle of assessing who had cash and who would use their card to pay for dinner, etc and she interrupted and said "We can split the check 3 ways if you guys want, just tell me who is with who." She was extremely pleasant and helpful. The food arrived quickly ...

Food :
Chips: Not warm. Each chip was a wildly different experience. Some chips greasy, some coated in salt, some bland and flavorless, some covered in some vaguely generic Mexican seasoning blend, some with all of the above. Point being: Uneven distribution of whatever they are putting on the chips. How do you mess up a chip?
Salsa: Hot & Mild were boring.
Guacomole: Pretty good but served in a solo sauce cup. Baffling.
Meal: Veggie mix enchiladas with mole sauce, black beans and rice on the side. Rice: lumpy, ok seasonings. Black beans: no refried, really tasty and oddly the best tasting thing from that entire experience. The veggie mix enchiladas wrapped in soft yellow corn tortillas with mole sauce: Gross. Just gross. The corn tortillas tasted bland. Did I even taste them? I don't know! The veggies were half cooked and by half I mean some tasted squishy and some were crunchy. Nasty texture.
THE MOLE SAUCE. WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE MOLE SAUCE?
It's nasty. I love a good house poblano mole sauce, mostly even when it's nothing special its good. Not this. This mole tastes pompous, some kind poorly thought out fusion nightmare. Basically it just tastes like pure unsweetened cocoa sauce. Spattered all over on the enchiladas. For an extra 50 cents!

I'm a plate cleaner/leftover taker and I didnt even come close to finishing nor took any home.

My companions shared my sentiments. A taco salad with cold ground beef. More disgust with the mole. Lumpy rice! What's with the solo cups?

Topping it off, getting home my stomach felt awful and so did my fiance's. I will never go back and I will never recommend this place to anyone. Horrible.
I'm not sure what exactly has happened, but something has changed at Pasquals. Unfortunately not for the better...

 I have waited a long time before addding this update - I wanted to make sure I was being fair to them.  

The service has really gone down hill!   I cannot believe how long we have had to wait to order and then receive our food.  Again, to be be fair to them, we keep coming back.  However we are going to take a seriously long break from Pasquals.  The last time it took 45 minutes to receive our food once we ordered it.  We have young children.  One of the appeals of Pasquals has always been how family friendly they are.  45 Minutes is too long for young kids to sit waiting for food.  People around us were equally frustrated.  One couple asked to cancel their meals/order because it was taking so long and they had a movie to catch.  Another couple had to corner the server when she was at the wait station just to pay their bill.  

Finally...  get some shades for those windows!!  It is ridiculous that people have to sit there and be blinded.
No bueno. The burrito was not good. There was an abundance of cheese...nothing but green peppers, meat, cheese and lettuce in the fajita burrito. Literally. I could have easily made better. The chips and salsa wasn't good either. Some chips were drenched with salt... and others had nothing. Service was also slow and not attentive, which was surprising since our waitress was training someone. You would think they would go above and beyond since someone was watching them...
The food was incredibly bland. I would not eat here again, even though the service was perfectly fine. I should have known not to trust a Mexican restaurant that charges for chips and salsa.

I had a taco salad (which isn't exactly a savory dish, I realize) but everything from the shredded chicken to the salsa was just BLAH. My fiancee had the shrimp tacos and had the same complaint: bland.

I won't go back to this location - but will probably try the Pasqual's on Monroe. If I'm near Hilldale and want Mexican food, I will stick with Laredo's just down the road.
My favorite dish here is the enchiladas filled with cheese or grilled veggies and covered in mole sauce. The classic margarita is also very good.
They still get two stars because the margs are typically delicious, and food is fresh. The service, however, is TERRIBLE. 

There was a wait to sit on the patio on Tuesday night so we got drinks at the bar. Everyone ordered traditional margs on the rocks. Then when we were seated we ordered another round. This second round tasted nothing like what we are used to (we come almost once a week here), was very sweet and syrupy tasting. We complained but the sever only offered, "I'm not sure why you think that, they all come from a mix." If 6 people think their second margaritas taste different than their first they are probably right, and he should have brought them back and double checked with the bar. 

A little girl a couple tables over complained to her server that there was a bug in her soda. Instead of offering her a new one she simply said, "Oh yuck. That's gross" and walked away. 

We will still come here because we like the fajitas and margs (especially when they are half-priced), but really hope the service improves.
It doesn't take much to get me to go out on a Tuesdays...like half off margaritas.  I'll def go out for some half off margaritas.  

On Mondays and Tuesdays, Pasqual's offers all house margaritas half off, which is baller.  They come in a pretty big glass (like a beer glass) with a significant amount of punch to them.  One glass is equivalent to 3 drinks (the waitress says) so drink responsibly and plan ahead.    

Our table shared a platter of nachos.  You can't (really) mess up nachos too much, so I'd say they were pretty tasty.  I do love how each chip got some cheese and meat love.  

Their burritos are freaking huge, like small baby big.  I didn't even get through a quarter of mine I think.  

The "hot" is Midwest hot, so I was a tad bummed about that.  But, I'll be back soon for sure, probably next Tuesday!
So if I was just coming in for a taco or burrito, I would rate this maybe a 4. You won't find authentic Mexican cuisine, but Pasqual's is SOOO much more! They have the largest and best tequila menu of any place I've been to in the US and what's more is that they understand what they are serving. My husband and I joined the tequila tour that offers many benefits and a wonderful variety each time we come in. I have to give a big thank you to Seth, who is the greatest bartender of all times. Now, onto the food...My favorite items are the chicken nachos and anything with the black beans. They use quality cheese and their chicken is moist and well seasoned. We've never ordered anything we didn't like and have been dozens of times.
Good tex mex. great margaritas.
I've eaten here a handful of times . . . something about the food is just off.  I can't quite tell if it's too cheesy or too salty/acrid, but for some reason tastes better eaten a couple days later as leftovers.  Service was perfectly fine.
Pasqual's is one of my fave places but last night I had to endure a waiter in training who forgot my celebratory Margarita, brought my food almost simultaneous to my appetizer (which I specifically requested he avoid doing), asked me how I liked my food before I'd had a single bite (then didn't come back to ask me for reals), forgot to ask me if I wanted desert, and never brought the bill. And to make things worse we had to listen to a SCREAMING child for over 45 minutes. Not my best experience there but I do still generally enjoy the food and atmosphere most of the time and will definitely try again sometime once I've made a full recovery. ;)
Good food
I always like Pasqual's. I've tried almost everything on the menu and he only thing I haven't liked is the tamale. I have a feeling that's mostly because I don't like tamales. One complaint I have is that they got rid of the espresso-type coffees they used to have. 

The food almost always comes out quickly and is the perfect temperature. Everything is nicely flavored, and the portions are large and filling. They do have some lighter options, such as the black bean soup. My personal favorite is the tostada with chicken; it's the perfect cold-winter-day meal.

Service is usually friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere is fairly nice. The decorations are a bit odd and it's not the most comfortable place. Also, sometimes the music is a little loud and doesn't always fit the Southwestern environment Pasqual's tries to exude. Other than those small complaints, though, I highly recommend making a lunch stop at Pasqual's.
I guess I just don't get it.

It's advertised as a Madison favorite.  I hear people talking about going there all the time.  But the food just didn't leave me with a great impression.

The chips and salsa are great.  I suppose that's one thing that's pretty tough to get wrong.  But my burrito came out rather bland, as did my daughter's quesadilla.  Unless there was a kitchen mixup, my "hot" salsa sure did taste like mild.  

The service was good, the bar selection is solid, and the atmosphere is a neat one.  The food, however, just doesn't do anything for me.
My boyfriend keeps bugging me to right and updated review because we really do love Pasquals and come here or order carry out about once a week....

Delicious things that we always order:
-Margs (I think their house margs are still 1/2 price on Mon/Tuesday but we usually come on a different night and there's always a monthly special that is less expensive)
-Chips and Pico
-Flourless chocolate cake with salted caramel (although we do miss their scotcheroos)

The only complaint is that they now have a steep up-charge (like $5) for steak, and it had been free in the past. Everything else is great. Service has improved too.
A disappointing mediocrity. Mexican for the masses. Cardboard food with pablum sauces.  Just awful
I've been going to Pasqual's since I moved to Madison in 2003. My wife and I decided on the theme of our wedding at Pasqual's in Hilldale. We have many good memories there.

...but I'm pretty sure we're not coming back. We stopped by for brunch a few weeks ago and had was is arguably the most bland brunch food I have ever had. It was just plain and flavorless. It was almost like an entire ingredient was forgotten. But I was so invested in Pasqual's that I chalked it up to a freak occurrence. Perhaps a new cook or some new breakfast dishes. We went back to try dinner again at the Hilldale location.

I decided to try the chicken fajitas because I'd had a good fajita dish at another local restaurant. Their dish was sizzling, flavorful, and plentiful for the $11 I paid for it. I saw Pasqual's was more expensive, but I thought, "Ah, it's Pasqual's, it's gonna be great!" It was not. Then chicken was boring. Looked, felt, and tasted like it had been microwaved out of a frozen bag. The two lukewarm tortillas I got were similarly unimpressive. After I constructed my first fajita I had two strips of chicken for the second. I paid $13 for this?
Eh. I almost want to give this a 1 star. The only thing preventing the downgrade is the fact that it was warm out, and I wanted a cold margarita. And they delivered. And it was half price. 

If I had to pay full price for that margarita and for my "fajita wrap" that was mainly lettuce and bland chedder cheese I'd have gone with the 1-star for sure. I went here with a group of women. If it wasn't a work event, I wouldn't have even gone. I heard miserable things about this place and I should have listened. 

Save your money. Go to a local independent mexican restaurant. Skip this adventure for better, more flavorful and adventurous dishes. If I wanted crappy mexican/southwest food, I'd have gone to Chili's.
This is the best Tex-Mex place we've tried in town. Plates range around $6-9 per person. The tacos and tostadas will be piled high with fresh toppings like lettuce and pico de gallo and nestled next to extra-dirty rice and beans. The chile verde soup was really spicy with rib-sticking beans and the side of blue corn cornbread was more like a triangular muffin with a hint of sweet. If you order the taco dinner plate, try it with the blue corn tortilla shell. 

I liked the variety of options such as the half-commuter - a burrito size small - and bar menu for people with smaller appetites. For example, the carne asada pequeos tacos (three small tacos), were succulently slow cooked,  piled high with fresh toppings and queso fresco - this was the best thing we ordered. 

The location next to Hilldale is the perfect place to dine al fresco too, though the bar seats aren't bad when the restaurant and patio area get crowded on sunny evenings.
Overview: A Madison establishment that is reliable, but microwaves can only go so far. 

Hits: Tequila bar at hilldale, consistently happy staff, and well seasoned chips. 

Misses: Main dishes and food generally . 

Hints: Go if you just need a reliable tex-mex brunch or lunch...but don't expect more than a microwaved plate.
Maybe I'm spoiled being from California, but this wasn't great (Tex) Mexican food. The service was fast and nice, but my chips were stale and the black bean burger was quite bland and underwhelming. I also loathe any sit-down restaurant that charges for chips and salsa...it's seriously absurd. 

In summary--bland and way overpriced.
I love Pasqual's house margarita with orange juice-- strong, with good flavor!

Their chips are phenomenal. So fresh and well-seasoned! Salsa tastes fresh too, though the "hot" isn't particularly hot. Also, I don't get why they offer you mild, hot, or extra hot... Isn't it really just mild, medium, or hot then? Details...

I'll be honest, I usually get the same things here, but they don't disappoint. Their black bean soup and white chicken chili are fabulous. Served with blue corn bread and cheese-filled corn quesadillas, respectively. They are very flavorful and always served piping hot.

I've had tamales here, which were also good. Friends have reported that their massive burritos and veggie enchiladas were delicious.  

Servers are always attentive and friendly, and willing to split checks. They can even split a chip basket up as many ways as you want!
Bad place for service. Their food may be good , but they have NO service. Sat in the bar area for over 10 minutes with NO ONE approaching me and I finally left. I would not go again too!
Stopped in with my brother and wife. I had the Anasazi Chorizo burrito dinner. It was excellent as were the black beans and rice served as sides. The chips and salsa are excellent as well. I haven't had any of the Tequilas there but there's an entire menu for them if you're so inclined. I've been twice and would go again.
Use caution when ordering the chips as an appetizer. The seasoning they use has a horrendous amount of salt, so much it was burning my lips.The homemade salsa had a lovely flavor, just left unable to eat d/t the awful chips. 

The black bean soup was had great flavor and texture but again was so salty I couldn't eat but a few bites. The blue corn bread was a delight!
My most recent visit to Pasqual's was for my birthday, and it turned out to be a great choice. We hadn't made a reservation for our group of eight anywhere as we were waiting to see how the weather would turn out, and Pasqual's was able to accommodate us quickly and easily (granted, it was 7:00 on a Sunday with icky weather). Our service was quick and helpful, frequently checking in our drink status. We all started with the chips and salsa/guacamole, because the seasoning blend on the chips at Pasqual's is the stuff my dreams are made out of. Most of us had their seasonal margarita at the time, a cranberry-orange variety that was dangerously delicious. As always, the portions were enormous and most of us ended up taking a lot home. I've been to the various Pasqual's locations many times over the years (and frankly, in 2013 it might have been my most often default location) and can't come up with a complaint.
Decent Mexican food at really reasonable prices. In my opinion the food is pretty mediocre when it comes to Mexican in Madison, better than (but more expensive than) Francisco's on the square but worse than(and cheaper than) Abuelo's in Middleton. I had the white chicken chile with quesadilla gill cheese (gluten free!), it was ok but I probably could have made the same if not better at home. The location at Hilldale mall is nice but if you are looking for great Mexican food in Madison look elsewhere.
Great chips, but, way too salty. I'm drunk right now and they are way too salty.
My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night around 6:20pm. Luckily, we didn't have to wait long for a table because I was starved!

I was surprised that chips and salsa were not served-you had to buy them (That's my favorite part about going out for Mexican.) Him and I ended up sharing a half order of nachos and the dinner plate of tacos. For as busy as it was, the food was decent, but not phenomenal. Our waitress seemed a bit aloof the entire time as well, which was not helpful in making the experience a great one. Overall, it's a good place to stop when you are shopping at Hilldale Mall and need a meal. I recommend that if you have the time and energy to go somewhere else for dinner, do that.
I love their chips and salsa (I buy their chips at the store all the time now) and the fajita burrito. But the absolute best part is the lemon-basil margarita. So amazing. We go there regularly for the food and have had excellent food and service each time. We've been to the Monroe and the Verona locations as well and have yet to be disappointed.
I mostly go to the Monroe Street location due to living closer to it, however I enjoy the Hildale one much more. The food here is much more Tex Mex rather than authentic Mexican. The staff has always been friendly and I can always get seated within 5 minutes. My go to meal is the spicy fries and the half order of nachos. I suggest the half order of nachos if you are getting them as an appetizer or sharing them with another person due to the amount you receive.
What a nice surprise. I was expediting a typical sit down Mexican restaurant. The staff went out of there way to greet you you with a smiling face.  The food was yummy and very well priced.
Rock solid dinner for families in the Regent neighborhood. I like their margaritas a lot!
This is probably my preferred option for the cluster of Happy Hours in this small section of Fashion Square. 

For one reason: the margaritas. Specifically, the Chambord margaritas. They pump them out of a machine that looks like a soft serve and top them with warm chambord. They don't taste all that strong and then BAM! you find yourself with a big cheesesteak a mile away. 

Dangerous is what those things are. And delicious. Deliciously dangerous. Yeah.
My mom and I stopped in here after a day of power shopping.  She swears by the fish tacos here (*sigh* she has never been to Wahoo's . . .).
Service?  Inattentive, though friendly.  I hate to give a bad review to a nice server, but I also hate getting to the bottom of my water glass without a refill.
Food?  Fish tacos were tasty - but the best part about them was the dipping sauce.  We also had little grilled shrimp with guacamole on corn chips - yum.  These were super satisfying!
Drinks?  I had the pomegranate-ginger margarita, and I think it was my fault for making a bad choice.  It wasn't super-special, but I would be willing to go back and try another marg.
Overall impression?  My knife wasn't clean, that is never a good thing.  Apparently people were smoking in the bar, which you can smell throughout the entire restaurant - gross.  The servers seemed less than thrilled to be at work, and that really comes across and makes your guests feel uncomfortable.  All in all, it really came across as a southwestern Applebee's to me.  OK, ok, maybe a bit better than that, but not great.  
3 stars for the yummy shrimp appetizer and the decent fish tacos.
A friend of mine dragged me here saying it was one of her favorite restaurants. Obviously I had high expectations, but they were not completely met.

One big problem which is not necessarily the restaurants fault is cornbread. Z Tejas is a southwestern restaurant and they serve cornbread before your meal. BLEH. I hate cornbread! I don't know why I just think it's nasty! 

The Chicken pasta I had was very good, but this restaurant is just not my style. Small menu with nothing that really appealed to me. Good service and nice atmosphere. If you like cornbread ...SIGH..you will probably love this place.
Long day at work? Family coming to town? Need some drinks to put a break up out of your mind? Head to Z Tejas and order a Chambord margarita stat!!! The refreshing, frozen treats are so potent that the restaurant and bar will limit you to three. And while you may think you're not feeling more than a case of brain freeze after your first one, you're sure to feel the effect soon enough. 

If you're with a big group be sure to grab a booth or a patio seat at this cool Scottsdale Fashion Square nightspot. The patio is a fun place to people watch and take in the fancy rides that people valet. If you're inside with a couple of friends, grab a seat at the bar and say hello to Jerrod Sands. He's one of the best bartenders in Scottsdale. But don't hate on him when he cuts you off after that third Chambord margarita. You're probably slurring by now and he has your best interest in mind after all.
Great margaritas! Really great. Strong. Too many will give you a headache though because they don't use the highest grade tequilla or anything. Still, it's a yummy buzz-giver. 

The chips and salsa are mediocre, and I assume the food is nothing special either... I haven't eaten anything here though, so I can't judge it on that. 

The ambiance is pretty nice - upstairs and downstairs is laid out pretty well and the lighting and furniture is comfortable. It's not too loud in there to have a conversation. They have a few crappy tvs playing basic cable sports usually. The crowd is slightly on the douchy side, but it makes for good people watching because everyone is pretty good looking.

It's a good starting point to have a margarita or two before heading out somewhere fun.
Aaah! This place, which was known for its very strong margaritas, is under new ownership. And the drinks are WEAK, people! Very, very sad. Not that I probably need the extra alcohol, but still..
My husband and I went here over the weekend, used to the margaritas we've had for years (chambord for me, sixth-street for him). We tasted them and, blech! They tasted like they came from those Tastee-freeze machines at a state fair, or something. When my husband complained to the waitress, she simply told him that if he wanted a strong drink he "should order the frozen ones."
Right...
Seriously, the rude waitress thing was something new, too. Usually people there have been really friendly.
Then I had the same wild mushroom enchiladas I've always had. I was dismayed to find that the enchiladas now include squash and carrots and other veggies inside. It really ruins the flavor. Not only that, but the yummy black bean and avocado-onion-tomato salsa that used to come as a side dish has been replaced with -- carrot and raw onion strips. Who the hell eats carrot sticks with an enchilada???
Ugh. They've ruined this place, which used to be my favorite standard Happy Hour/cheap food place. So, so sad.
Any recommendations for a new happy hour, anyone?
Best margaritas in town. Go with the frozen margarita with chambord, it's by far their best. You also can't go wrong with the Trio appetizer - it's a combination of mild salsa, queso, and guacamole. Additionally, their diablo chicken pasta is pretty tasty - just enough spice to get you through the night! I can't wait to make another trip back to Arizona!
Very good southwestern fare.  Have been to two of their locations and both were equally good.  Very good service, and an excellent Sunday Brunch (brunch, what a wonderful way to say it's okay to drink alcohol before noon)...
Had lunch here the first time of my visit.  Was surprised at the quality of the food and drink... for a mall restaurant. The shrimp & guac tostadas appetizer was our favorite.
Yep, I like it.  Another place I really only come to when my mom visits as she likes it.  I ordered the tortilla soup tonight and it was really good.  I'm also a fan of the cornbread they serve in lieu of same ole' chips and salsa.  But, I really love the shrimp and guac tostada bites.  Ordered it for my entree tonight and only $4.80-who knew happy hour apps were 1/2 price here!  Maybe most people.  Maybe I need to get out more.
i mentioned in my review of the Tempe Z-Tejas that i like their food. What the Scottsdale location does better than Tempe is service and location. You can either enter from outside or from inside the mall. i prefer to mix my pure hatred of shopping with a delectable tortilla soup and some sweet corn bread served with honey butter. 
every time i've come here, i've come alone. i've never been mistreated as single patrons sometimes are, and i've always been surprised at the quality of my service.
The Fashion Square location is the best one I have been to out of the locations in the valley.  My buddies and I have been there multiple times for day drinking and have never not had a great time.  Like the grammar?

We have always gotten drinks there with very little food, save the cornbread.  I am not a huge cornbread fan, but this cornbread is fantastic.  It always comes out hot with some butter.  Perfect for helping soak up copious amounts of alcohol.  And the alcohol of choice is the chambordrita.  These things are so strong that they limit it to 2 per person.  Somehow on a very long day of drinking my buddy Z had 4 and he was hammered.  We continued drinking after that mind you, but he could hardly stand.  They are tasty, but very cold so go slow.

The food I have had has been decent.  The chips and three different salsas they bring out are good and I have heard the guac is good as well.  I think I have had the green chili enchiladas which were tasty.  I have had some sort of shrimp dish that was palatable as well.  The service and atmosphere has always been above par.  The servers we have had have been personable and attentive.  Sitting on the patio on a spring day or early summer night is the tits.
It's a chain, but I love it! Practically everything we have ordered here is fantastic! I usually get a southwestern Caesar salad with no chicken sub shrimp! It is the best Caesar salad. The jerk chicken salad is awesome as well, as is the chopped chicken salad. 

Sometimes we go for happy hour because their half off specials are amazing. They used to have the most delicious nachos with black beans, but they have since vanished from the menu. Oh how I long for those nachos, haha. The shrimp dumplings are top notch, and the ahi is delectable. Misses are the catfish beignets and the fish tacos, just didn't hit the spot. 

We go here all the time- the servers are attentive and always remember our quirks and orders.
This place was fun and made for a good meal after a morning of shopping.  Conveniently located in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall.  We ordered the salsa trio as an appetizer and all 3 were very good although our favorite was the avocado tomatillo.  the waiter asked us several times if we wanted cornbread and we said yes because we wanted to try it but it never arrived which was ok because we had plenty to eat and our table was quite small but I'm still left wondering how it would have tasted.  I had the green chile barbacoa enchiladas at the recommendation of the waiter and I was not disappointed.   while we didn't have any drinks there was a fun make your own drink bar with all the fixings you could ever want to mix with your alcohol.  would make for a fun happy hour place.  overall a very nice restaurant for a lunchtime shopping break.
So odd, I think i was here eight years ago while in Phoenix for a conference. Dejavu aside, the reason we stopped here was solely for the Chambord Margaritas. We were going to do a little shopping but the freaking mall was closed for Easter. Was it like that in Chicago too? 

We sat at the bar, outside but under heated panels. AHHHHHH... :) I love this about Arizona. I don't normally drink frozen margs but this was delicious. Like dessert for the breakfast we just ate. After establishing a nice buzz we were off for a walk. 

I did use the bathroom but I can't remember it now. I do remember it was nice. The buzz made memory fuzzy.
I guess maybe because they have a great location Z Tejas doesnt think it has too work that hard anymore.  I was there with a large group and we were all extremely disappointed across the board.  The service was really slow (even with the bar being slow) and almost non existent.  It took so long to get drinks that some people were questioning if they had ordered or not.  We had dirty plates and old drinks on our table that we couldnt get rid of even when we piled them up and shoved them all to the corner of the table. The food took even longer.  20+ minutes for shrimp tostada bites and the had clearly been sitting for a bit since the shrimp was cold.  Chicken burritos with minimal chicken-if you ask for more beware you will be charged 8 more bucks for it!!   The cheese quesadilla didnt have enough cheese either.  I was very disappointed and will not return.  The only plus was sitting on the patio.  maybe the service is better during there prime hours but it should be the same all the time, right?
Okay before I get into the drinks, I'll start with the food.  My fave is the peppered turkey avocado sandwich, with these delicious fries.  

Or, (Amber: note the paragraph change) you could get the chili verde appetizer, or the grilled shrimp and guac tostada bites, or the tejas trio with guac, queso, and salsa and chips.  

Bottom line is the food is solid, all the way up to the fruit cobbler for dessert.  Settle for nothing less. 

For drinks, Z caps you at 3 margaritas so make it count with the chambord rita before you switch to beers.  It's good, you'll be flavored, life is perfect.
Z'Tejas is a margarita orgy. Virtually every imaginable beverage combination has been infused with tequila. Reading through their drinks menu is as intoxicating as the actual drinks.

I happened to be in Scottsdale this past Friday because I was filling in at our branch there. Just like last Friday when the Biltmore office desperately needed me to come by and fill in, this work day was tragically slow. What better way to alleviate my boredom than imbibing at a local establishment? Dani, who is quickly becoming my new post-work drinking buddy, emailed me and suggested Z'Tejas. I'm excited to report that this was an excellent choice.

Dani ordered the Sky Pineapple Vodka and soda. Since there was less than a shot left, they didn't charge her for the cocktail, which is cool and appropriate as I sampled it and couldn't take any alcohol. I ordered the ginger pomogranate margarita. Heavenly!! Truly spectacular!! It was the pefect combination of not-too-sweet and a solid background bite of ginger. It's going to be the cocktail I'm going to attempt to perfect at home, which basically translates to "I'm going to be spending a lot of nights drunk until I get this right." But, I believe in doing my part to help the economy any way possible, and the liquor department at local grocery stores certainly could use the help. Right?

We ordered an appetizer because I knew with a 3 margarita maximum they weren't kidding around with the strength of their drinks. The Tejas Trio was tortilla chips, guacamole, salsa and queso. All were good but the guac was made the way I like it (the way Robert makes it) with solid chunks of avocado and a good amount of jalapeno for that after-burner effect.
As far as location and overall vibe of Z'Tejas goes- it's a hit. It seems to serve alot of young, attractive people... The outdoor eating and bar is fun- and the big screen TV's are a cool... but the food and service was just a total miss for me. 

Unfortunately, the food just didn't have much going on. First, the cornbread is a fun idea and is a nice change to free appetizers- but it was super thick and lacked any real cornbread flavor or consistency. The Catfish Tacos were a whole lot of cabbage and not much else... i literally could not taste the meat flavor hidden under the amount of cabbage stuffed in. And sadly, the Baked Seafood Enchiladas were another miss- it appeared to be two tortillas covered in sauce and rice with two shrimp inside... i couldn't taste much else and felt i could have taken a better stab at making this meal at home myself =/ (See my pictures to get a better idea)

On top of this, the service was a bit lackluster. There seemed to be a waiter and waitress simultaneously serving us- one taking the order, one getting our drinks, the other bringing out our food, the other with our check-  As confusing as this was, it was difficult for me to get my water refilled and had to flag down the waiters 2-3 times to get their attention.

I'd like to add that during my stay in Phoenix i saw the hottest girls of my entire vacation at Z'Tejas(which was a plus, lol) But seriously, If you're cruising the mall and looking for a quick bite to eat- it wouldn't be a bad idea to check out Z'Tejas, just don't expect to much... i'm sure this place does it's drinks much better =)
I went to Z Tejas with a bunch of people (about 25) last night.  We had a great experience from start to finish.  

At the beginning my lady and I were early so the waiter got us our drinks and continued to make sure we were good to go.  We wanted to wait for our friends so food wasn't necessary at this time, but the drinks were flowing and the waiter (Jeff) was very cool, friendly, and down to earth.  

All of our friends showed up and we let the good times roll.  Chips and salsa, drinks, water, and the delicious cornbread, they all came very fast and it didn't take any begging on our part.  

I got a chicken dish which was really good, I stuffed myself silly.  My lady got a side salad which was huge, she couldn't even finish it and she said it was really good.  Oh! and the food came fast by the way (surprising when you have 25 people.

The overall vibe of the place is really cool, very trendy and fancy but reasonable prices.  Big screens everywhere, gotta love that since there were some great College FB games on last night.  

Great experience, thanks Jeff & Z Tejas.
Great happy hour.. but in all seriousness..I truly only like the cornbread.. (which for me is on my 'no no' list).. guac and chips... (Their salsa has that smoky taste that I detest).. 3stars alone just for the strong chambord margaritas.. Yikes.. simply, its the strongest margarita Ive ever had this side of the Mexico border... ITs a cool place to hang with a group and people watch on the patio.. and to get a bit tipsy before heading in to Fashion Square.. nothing like dropping dollars while buzzed on margs! :-)
I was at Z Tejas with a small group, 5 people total. I was excited to go to Z Tejas because it has been about two years since I was at the original in Austin. I was a frequent flyer at Z's in Austin, it was walking distance to my brother's house and it was fantastic. 

This location is certainly not on my list of places to revisit. 
1 - Very slow service, my water glass was empty more than it was full the whole time. Plenty of empty tables around us. 
2 - 25 minutes to find out they had no Moet, no alternatives offered other than " we have good frozen margaritas". 
3 - Portions are small, come on... this is a Texas restaurant. My Mom finished her whole meal and that doesn't normally happen. 
4 - Food wasn't really good. Baked seafood enchiladas were more like canned tuna quality. The Santa Fe Smoked Chicken Enchiladas were meat and sauce layered on a tortilla. The Spicy Baja Shrimp Skillet had four shrimp total, yes four. The one decent dish of the night was Green Chili Barbacoa Enchiladas, it was like a chef actually prepared this dish!
Went here tonight in a group of 11 including 3 kids.  We didn't have reservations but scored a booth at 6:45 PM without a wait.  Wait staff was attentive.  Ordered the kids choices and appetizers/drinks.  Kids were preoccupied with the kids menu/games with crayons.  I had the million dollar margarita and my wife had the margarita with the chambord.  They didn't skimp on the alcohol!

Chips and salsa were great - fresh and spicy!  I ordered pork tenderloin stuffed with chorizo with wasabi mashed potatoes and mixed veggies.  It was very, very good.  Wife had the scallop special and it tasted great too.

Overall we had an extremely nice meal and I would definitely recommend it.
Z'Tejas is kind of what you would call a mini chain restaurant. My husband and I gave them a try the other night at Fashion Square (I had been to Tatum for drinks only) and were very pleased with our experience. The only think lacking was being seated practically on top of another couple, to the point I think we were all trying to speak much quieter than normal so as not to interrupt coversation. Our server was nice and friendly, and very prompt, and bought us a free dessert, totally out of the blue! The shrimp tostada bites we got as a starter were out of this world fantastic! Everything was piping hot, fresh, plated well, and tasted delicious! I had chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin which was cooked perfectly, and my husband had a homey, southwest style macaroni and cheese. All were great. Our favorite was dessert, the ancho fudge pie. Rich, sweet, salty, spicy, warm, chocolatey, heaven. Now, it does still have that chain restaurant vibe, but overall, we were really pleased and will be back again for sure. Good value, great food, great service.
I miss this restaurant so much. Their tortilla soup and jerk chicken salad speaks to my soul. I recommend trying these two items because they are delicious. While I enjoy the Scottsdale location, the Tempe one is nice too.
This place is convenient for lunch while shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square.....because it is in Scottsdale Fashion Square....lol....can't get more convenient than that.

Seriously though....it has a nice atmosphere....you never have to wait (not so far anyway) the staff are friendly , the prices are reasonable and the food is good.

Recommendations include:

Grilled Cilantro Pesto Rubbed Ruby Trout - avocado, tomato relish, served with green chili rice and seasonal vegetables.

Jack's Five Cheese Macaroni and Achiote Chicken - made with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and romano cheeses, finished with toasted bacon gratin.

Hickory Burger - 8oz burger, house made hickory bbq sauce served with jack and cheddar cheese, onions, pickles, bacon and jalapeno mayonnaise. 

Seared Sesame Ahi Tuna - made with crushed blackened seasoning,  seared rare, topped with peppercorn vinaigrette, spicy soy mustard and wasabi.

They also have a nice cocktail and wine selection and often have some great specials. 

One definite highlight is their delicious cornbread which they bring out first....an awesome warmed, moist and fluffy treat!
I visited this Z Tejas a couple of months ago and had a fabulous time. The downstairs was about to close, but they said no problem seating us anyway. 
The bartender actually served us and did a great job. 
When about to order something he had tried and hadn't liked he gave his input and explained why. Which I appreciate the honesty about a product he didn't feel was up to standard, saving me the time trying it. 
My food was hot, and tasted great. 
Our server didn't know how I liked my sour cream so he brought out both ways. Cold and the way the chef served it. 
My drink was never empty. Service was honest. Food was hot. They did great and I plan to return again.
Unfortunately my second visit was less amazing, but still good.
This place is a lifesaver.  Whenever we go to shop at Fashion Square, I plop myself down in at one of the tables on the patio at Z-Tejas, and I'm good.  I have tried following the shoppers around, and I actually got blisters on my feet.  So I am now kind of the designated package drop off station.  I sit there and drink, and the shoppers go buy, and when they get tired, they bring the packages to me to watch, have a quick drink, and they are off again.

So I sit at a table on the patio, drink my Dos Equis Amber, if they have it, or Newcastle,  if they don't,  and watch people coming and going.  I always drink the same thing, so I can't vouch for their drinks, but they seem to have a wide variety.  The food is average, but interesting. They have a variety from burgers to steaks along with their southwestern specialties. Their appetizers are great, and I have had them all at one time or another. And I love the cornbread - I eat the whole pan within five minutes.  

I drive the servers crazy with the bottomless basket of chips for $4.49 - I am there for hours, so they don't make any money on that. And I know they wonder where the bags and packages keep coming from as they mysteriously appear at my table.

They also have an happy hour from 3:30 to 6:30 on weekdays and 3:00 to 5:00 on weekends. If you go to Z'Tejas sit on the patio - I will be the one with the packages around me.
Met a friend for dinner last night at Z.  I usually get the southwestern chicken enchiladas but decided to try something new.  I got the chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin.  It had tons of flavor.  They take the tenderloin and roll it up with chorizo sausage and mozzarella cheese.  Then they have this chile cream sauce they put over it.  Just a great dish.  The chipotle salsa and chips  really good as well as you are waiting on your entree.  As usual Z made me leave a happy customer.
I was out shopping with two of my coworkers last week when we all commented that we'd been in Phoenix for a week without once having Mexican food!  This was the closest thing we could find to remedy that situation so we plopped ourselves and our bags down at around 6 on a Wednesday.  The place was pretty much empty inside so I was a little confused why our waiter always seemed so busy.  We had to wait quite awhile for our check, but the service wasn't so bad as to diminish the enjoyment of our meal.

We ordered chips and salsa to start and I ordered the mushroom enchiladas and my friends ordered a salad and the mac & cheese.  The chips and salsa were good, we were pleasantly surprised to find out they were half price (our waiter didn't mention that they had happy hour prices on drinks or appetizers!).  My enchiladas were darn tasty, although they were so rich I almost felt like I was eating pasta.  We all left happy and stuffed - I'd definitely come back here again.
Always a great spot for HH on Friday afternoons on pay day!!  My gfriend and I hit up Z Tejas in Fashion Square at least once a month for a delicious margarita and the best appetizer ever, the tejas trio!  The environment is cozy and dark.   Definitely a good spot!
I love, love, love Z'Tejas.

Z is conveniently located in Fashion Square.   You can meet up with a friend for happy hour and take care of a few errands all in one evening.  I've had lunch at Z, dinner, drinks, etc and can't remember a negative experience.  Food is consistently fresh and tasty.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  Luckily, the menu offers a wide range of options where not everything is spicy or with a Mexican flare if someone doesn't like the spice.  I like the spice!

Favorite options:  
Trio App
Skinny Margarita! (rox/salt)
Achiote Chicken Chopped Salad
Chicken Sandwich
Can't Go Wrong!
Shrimp and Guac Bites
Yeah, it's a chain and while not haute cuisine, we had a very good meal there.  We were there on a busy Saturday night and we had great, friendly and quick service and our food was quite good.  

Not only is it a good value for the neighborhood, I thought it was downright cheap for what you get.  (It's probably roughly comparable to The Hillstone Group's Houston's or Bandera in terms of quality and service at about half the price.)  

Great salads too.

I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it, but it's a very reasonable choice if you happen to be at Fashion Square.

Dinner for 2 with drinks, about fifty bucks.
Z Tejas is one of those places where you know what you're going to get, you have a really good idea of what it's going to cost, and you know that pretty much everyone will be able to find something that they like.

I have to say, I'm a sucker for the corn bread, and their Diablo Chicken Pasta is guilt-inducingly good. 

The Z has a wide variety of beverages, including their supposed killer margaritas, although if I'm being honest I've never really found them dangerously strong (they'll allow you to have a mere three).  

The patio is the place to be, and while I'm not a huge fan of it being underneath the parking garage, it is a great place to do some people and Lamborghini watching.
We popped in here for one reason and one reason only: the Tejas Trio.

Don't be fooled by the simple name.  It includes fresh chips, hand-hacked guacamole, chile con queso with chorizo and salsa picante to create a winning combination of goodness.  We also received the complimentary cornbread and ordered the Catfish Beignets, both of which I really enjoyed.

This is a great joint if you're looking to have a light lunch or quick bite to eat.
One of my best friends, Renee, has been in town for a few days & I still hadn't seen her so I knew I had to meet up w/her for dinner last night, or else I'd be the world's shittiest friend. Any way, I hate Scottsdale (no offense) so I had a lil trouble getting there & parked kinda far from the restaurant. Fashion Square is such a nice mall though, I don't think I've been there for at least 2 years!

Renee & a couple of her friends were sitting on the patio outside. Since I live 25 minutes away I was way late & they were already done eating. Thankfully, they were in no hurry & sat w/me while I ordered some grub & they ordered more drinks. I decided to order 2 apps instead of an entree, I got the catfish beignets & leo's street tacos, both signature dishes. They were both so yummy, I really can't decide which one I liked better! I really wanted a marg but since I had such a long drive decided not to. I did try Amy's chambord marg though & it was delish! I hear there's a 3 drink limit w/them & I can see why-super strong!

I would love to go to the Tatum & Shea location (much closer to home) & have an actual entree & a DD so I can have a tasty marg (or 3)!
"Z" is my number one happy hour spot!! Every time I go (and I go quite a bit), I come home a happy girl...that's what happy hour is all about right? From their chips and salsa to their MARGARITAS. One of those Chamboard Margs and I'm on cloud nine regardless of how my work week has been. Thanks Z for being my #1 HH spot for so many years.
This is my solid "go to" restaurant. You only need to know three things: Diablo Chicken Pasta, Corn Bread, and Margaritas. All their food is good but these are guaranteed good. 

Great for take out as well!
Love it, Love it every time I go!!!! :) They are known for their corn bread it is so good! The other food is very good too.
The Chambord Margaritas here should come with a warning label!  Soooo delicious, but lethal to your sobriety. In fact, the restaurant enforces a strict 2 margarita max, and for good reason!  I happened to finish a third once (handed over by a friend that couldn't handle any more), and we spent a hilarious afternoon walking off the tequila inside Fashion Square, and instigating purchases of each other that were well outside of our budget...but I digress.

Z Tejas has some amazing food and drink options to suit any palate.  From apps (try their tableside guacamole or chili pork verde), to steaks and seafood (grilled miso salmon is amazing), to specialties (santa fe smoked chicken enchiladas, mmmmmmmm).  They also offer gluten free and vegetarian options!  One down side - I asked if they offered mac and cheese, and was told to order the Diablo Pasta....soooooo disappointing, and definitely NOT mac N cheese!

Their hh runs from 3-6:30, so they get mixed marks for that...good that they last past 6, but I'd REALLY prefer them to offer it until 7.  

Their atmosphere is pretty laid back and comfortable, while still looking classy and contemporary.  Service has also never been an issue here.

This is one of my favorite happy hour locations, although I don't love that if you want to sit on the 'patio', you are actually basically sitting in a valet garage - not ideal.  

I do love their queso dip, and as I stated in the beginning, the chambord margarita is to die for...so I say check this place out!!
Nothing strikingly good or bad about this Tex-Mex place

Service is very slow - took us 1.5 hours to get our meal

We had the house pasta - "Was OK, not outstanding, not as good as an Italian restaurant"
Trout salad "tasty"
Stuffed pork loin "average, not alot of flavor and a small expensive meal"
Corn bread was great although not alot was brought out for us to try - but comes with the meal.

Mixed drinks were good

Overall and OK place and might be worth trying again, but only after trying some of the other places around

Expensive for what you get

Nice surroundings
10 year vet here, and, this is not even close to what I remember.  Like the one in Bellevue, food, service and consistency have all hit the sewer.  Used to be a big Samoan dude there that knew exactly what we wanted from cocktail to apps even only seeing us 3-4x/yr... now it is as if we, no not loud mouthed college kids, have to pull teeth, to get simple, basic, kindness.   Prices up service and food quality down and more and more fake rolexes.... becoming p.f. chunks.
I've been a lover of Z'Tejas for several years now but today was blah, at best.  The only thing saving this review from 2 stars, the special of the day, lobster enchiladas!  The waitress was bothered at best, my mom was ordered an ice tea, about 2 minutes after it hit the table we noticed, no ice!  She took our order and left, she brought our check, and left.  We used my birthday coupon and she seemed annoyed! 

The service and food both left a bit to be desired, not as all like I remember this location in particular.  The Shea and Tatum location is better by far!
Attention margarita lovers- you MUST order the Chambord Margarita. Delicious (and dangerous) and oh so tasty!

The restaurant is always busy because it is at Fashion Square but the service is always prompt. The patio/bar area upstairs is open seating so you can usually snag a table up there even during busy times.

The cornbread they bring to your table is really yummy but sometimes you have to ask for it to make sure that they bring you some.

I have had a large variety of of things on the menu and never been disappointed. The seasonal menus they offer are great as well and i definitely recommend branching out and ordering off of that menu every once in a while.

Definitely our "go to" place for drinks and dinner.
I'm glad that living in the southwest has benefits other than excessive use of cacti in home decor. One of those benefits is the food served at Z'Tejas, and I will gladly put up with any number of hanging serapes to get my hands on Tex-Mex. 

This is what you need to order (no exceptions): 

1. Drinks: Chambord Margarita 
2. Appetizer: Cornbread (so moist!) 
3. Entree: Seafood Enchiladas 
4. Dessert: Berry Cobbler. 

You will need to take a food coma after you have successfully finished all this food. But, and trust me on this one, you will finish it because everything they serve is addictive. I would have literally licked the cobbler pan if I was not in public. 

Your pants will be bursting to make up for the weight that your wallet loses over the course of this meal.
Bloody mary bar that kicks butt!!! Beautiful waitresses too....
Z'Tejas is like old faithful.  I know what I'm going get, and it's usually pretty good.  The last time I was here I had the guacamole appetizer, Hickory Burger, and a Patron Margarita.  All of it was good (although not excellent), but most disappointingly, I thought the margarita was over-priced for the quantity I got.

Z'Tejas isn't  my favorite restaurant in town, but the service is consistent, and it's a safe choice for dinner or Happy Hour with groups of friends with different tastes.
OMG...I have been going here with my famiy since I was very very young!  I love this please!  They have these shrimp dumplings that are brought out in this skillet with this amazing sauce!! OMG i love it!!  The Chambord margarita is a must here!  It is an amazing frozen margarita and they are just better and better everytime!
  I am not a fish person, but their fish tacos are delicious and they are different.  My favorite item that I get almost everytime is the jerk chicken salad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Everyone should try this and they will die and go to heaven.  Then you should try the cobbler at the end!  It is sinfully delicious dessert that changes with the season but the peach and berry is my favorite!  It comes with ice cream of course...

Do not forget to eat the cornbread that they bring you it is hot and moist and with the butter it is great!  You might even want to fill up on it but dont because you will miss out on dinner and dessert!  I love this place!  I always will and it has a special place in my heart!
When I worked at the mall, which seems like ages ago, we would always come to Z'Tejas for their amazing margaritas and chile con queso.  This time my bf and I went there for some lunch while running errands at the mall.  The food was just A-Ok...nothing amazing!  We both had appetizers and then shared a dessert.  The dessert was served extra hot which caused us to both burn our tounges....OUCH! 

Now for the weird part...our server was creepy!  I dont know if he was just socially awkward or just really trying hard to be friendly.  We never received the cornbread we were told was coming 3 times.  And he just tried to start up weird conversation that really didnt make any sense.  It left me feeling in a hurry to get out of there.

All in all it was ok, it wont be the first place I think of to eat unless I want someplace away from the noise of the mall.
They have a good happy hour, even on Sundays.  However the nachos left a lot to be desired. They had little to no flavor, and there was very little cheese.  I've eaten here before and I really enjoyed that dish, but I won't doing the nachos ever again.

I usually sit at the bar when I go out to eat because you always get a chance to meet interesting people. David, the bartender is a real sweetheart!!  if I wasn't 45 years old, I would have made a move on his young, cute ass!!  Oh yeah, back to the food...not a bad place for Tex-Mex!!
Nothing superb, but certainly nothing bland.  Z'Tejas is a quality Tex-Mex chain that rarely disappoints.  It has that bar vibe, but certainly not the Scottsdale vibe that most of the restaurants in Fashion Square seem to be going for.

My girlfriend and I were in the mall late on Saturday when we realized we hadn't eaten, yet.  We decided on Z'Tejas  because the menu is filled with foods that we both like.  Then again, I don't know how anyone lives in the southwest if they don't like Tex-Mex.  She had the turkey burger, which she enjoyed.  I had the smoked chicken chile relleno.  It was just okay, certainly not close to the best I've ever had.  We also had the table side guacamole and chips.  Awesome!  I highly recommend it to anyone.  Also awesome; the corn bread Z'Tejas serves with every meal.  I could eat that all day!

Z'Tejas is another spot inside Fashion Square Mall that I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat at.  But it certainly is a place you won't go wrong with if you happen to be in the mall and looking for a good bite to eat.
I had seen these around before but never stopped in. Started with a drink menu and was quite happy. Good selection of Margaritas and others. The dinner menu was good as well. Drinks were excellent and food was tasty.

I'll make a return trip if for nothing more than a drink. A-OK.
The menu is fairly diverse. Most of my friends ordered some Mexican dishes but of course, I would be the strange person to order pasta. 

The mojitos here were fresh, light & delicious. 

Average entree is around $12-15.

It's only valet parking, but inside it's great for big groups. This location is right in the heart of downtown Tempe.
Go here if you like your food cold, your card overcharged, your waitress rude, and your customer service idiotic!

My coworkers and I used to go here 3 or 4 times a month for lunch and happy hours (about 10 or so of us each time) and always had wonderful service from the bartenders. One Friday for lunch we sat at a table as it was someone's birthday. Long story short, the waitress -forgot- about our food for over 45 minutes (we were on a work break, keep in mind). The manager SAW THIS HAPPENING and did nothing because, in her words, "we looked like we were having fun so she didn't want to interrupt". Thanks Cricket (honest to God that's her name).  She then gave us giftcards (3 of them despite having a party of 10) and trotted away merrily.

On top of our food being atrociously late, myself and another were charged $7 over and when bringing it up to the waitress, she cheerfully said, "it's okay you're still getting the same food!" What the eff? 

So with our food cold (and 3 of the orders wrong) we went back to the office and I complained on Twitter. Deborah from marketing responded to me with her email and myself and 2 coworkers sent very polite, but detailed emails expressing our displeasure. In response, Deborah found it appropriate to blame it on short staff and said she'd take us out to lunch there.

It's tacky, rude, and awful customer service to send the same generic, premade email to all of us. Second, I'm not an idiot. They weren't short staffed (there was NO ONE in the restaurant), our food was CLEARLY ready on time as it was ridiculously cold when we got it. Finally, why the hell would I want to go back after I just told you how awful it was?

In short, the food here is not worth the absolutely awful service. If you're at Scottsdale mall and want to eat, walk the 10 feet over to the Yard House. Their food, drinks, waitstaff, and customer service are infinitely better. Even go to Culinary Dropout, Kona Grill, or any of the 15 other places around. Don't waste your money (as they'll overcharge you) on a place like this.
I ate here once and swore never to come back but since it was my friend's birthday and this was where he wanted, this was where we went.

We decided to do reverse Happy Hour and none of us came early to get tables to the 10 of us waited a fair amount of time to pull 3 tables together. 

The food was just okay, nothing special or anything. My friend ordered almost every dish that didnt contain meat off the HH menu. Food came out pretty fast. Just everything seem to contain guacamole and chips. 

Service was not that great. They seem to never be around and they messed up on our checks several times, and took them forever to fix.
I've been here before and will probably come here again.
That said, tonight was not their best night as far as I'm concerned. 
The food was less the expected. I've eaten here before and it was much more enjoyable then this specific time. All our meals seemed...lacking. Nothing to write home about either way.
Service was definitely off. The waitress herself was completely fine. We were only 3 and at the end of our meal we sat around and continued talking. They were expecting a large party and asked us if we didn't mind moving, not excited about it but definitely fine. We moved.
As their large party started to arrive, they noticed they were missing some chairs. When one person from my party got up to use the restroom the waiters took the chance and snatched her chair without so much as asking the other 2 of us left at the table! Completely rude!
L.W. and I stopped here for a quick HH bite before a Yelp Shop Local event.  We were greeted immediately and seated in the back.  It was nice!  Our server came to greet us quickly and took our drink orders.  The drinks came quick and we placed our food order of many appetizers.  

Catfish Beignets - They are catfish crusted with cornmeal and fried crisp served with jalapeno tartar sauce.  WOW, these little fried strips of heaven were so so SO GOOD!  

Smoked Chicken Quesadilla - Grilled chicken with onions and green peppers, cheese, and salsa stuff.   I am not sure what but both L and I thought it was ah, ok.  

Green Chile Shredded Pork Nachos - OMG... These are SO SO good.  

Only minor con:  The server had to be reminded to refills our drinks.
Great drinks.  Fantastic staff.  We went and enjoyed but will not return b/c the food is not as good as the drinks or the service.
Food was not that good. the corn bread was amazing and the Tejas trio was very good,but the CHORIZO-STUFFED PORK TENDERLOIN was not that great and the price is expensive for just 3 pork tenderlions. I would not consider this place to anyone or go back every again
Z Tejas has always been a solid experience for me. This location has been around long before many other restaurants graced Scottsdale and they continue to have good service, a lively crowd, tasty drinks and good food. Plus, let's not forget about what they are famous for -- the chambord margaritas. It only takes two, trust me! 

Z Tejas recently introduced a skinny menu and although the skinny menu for food isn't that big, the skinny cocktail menu is quite tasty! I had the skinny lemonade and somehow they seemed to hide the skinny in that cocktail! It was delicious. In summary, this is a great spot to come for drinks with friends, their tasty cornbread, some queso and an entree such as their chicken sandwich with avocado!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Z'Tejas yet since I am a regular at their happy hour! Though I work super close to the one on Mill I visit this one the most since it's located inside the mall and seems to be more lively. I have always had a great experience when I eat here, I normally start with their infamous Chambord margarita and then order lots of appetizers to share among my friends. My favs have to be the catfish beignets... Mmmmm flaky catfish and crispy batter seasoned just right, it's so yummy especially when dipped in the sauce that come along with it. I also love their Tejas trio which comes with salsa, guac and their queso dip....I'm ashamed to admit that I've eaten that as a meal by myself before, lol. The queso dip is seriously addicting, you can just keep eating and eating until it's all gone. The guac and salsa or also delicious as well. Also a must try are their shrimp avocado bites, it's like eating individual nacho bites with shrimp...delish!! Oh and I can't forget their cornbread they bring it out with every meal, it's hot and extremely tasty with the honey butter that comes with it. The only meal I haven't tried yet is brunch and I am planning on taking full advantage of the "weekend fun bar" that has build your own mimosas when I finally make it out!
To steal a phrase from another reviewer, definitely a solid experience. We rarely go to any sort of chain restaurant for a nice dinner and were pleasantly surprised by Z'Tejas. This one is located in Fashion Square, a beautiful and very busy part of Scottsdale. 

We had a couple frozen chambord margaritas...wow. Absolutely delicious and somewhat lethal! Had a wonderful server, all smiles and at our table just the right amount of times. Started with the table-side guacamole, where the server brings all the ingredients and you choose what you would like to be included. We said "Just throw it all in!" and were not disappointed. A little less "authentic" than some would like - it included cheese and jalapenos - but we thought it was tasty nonetheless. It also included a bowl of salsa that was on the good end of pretty standard. The cast iron cornbread that they start you off with is pretty drool worthy - has pieces of corn in it and is perfectly warm and moist. 

For dinner we ordered the Southwestern Caesar salad with Ruby Trout instead of chicken. The dressing definitely has a little kick to it. The salad was huge, definitely big enough to split between two people. The fish was well prepared, very tender and a perfect addition to the salad. It arrived tossed in the dressing and we both asked for an extra side of dressing as it was a little bit dry. 

Medium price range for large servings and very good food/drinks. Happy with our experience and will probably go back at some point if we have a visitor in the mood for southwestern cuisine.

EDIT: Went to the Tempe location last night, split the seafood enchiladas and they were VERY good. Of course had another Chambord margarita, just as good as the last ones! And oh, that cornbread...wow.
Great Skinny Margarita loved chicken tortilla soup!
I've searched the world over for the perfect  margarita and now look no further-it's here. Aside from liquid heaven, the service is fantastic. The manager rocks too. In the rare times I've had issues with food orders, it's been taken care of far beyond expectation with personal care-so thanks and love ya, Z'Tejas!
In Arizona on vaction, hubby picked this spot out for lunch before a little shopping. I ordered the Jerk Chicken Salad - it packed a lot of flavor! Dressing was fabulous, chicken had a lot of kick to it, crispy tortilla strips, fresh greens. Hubby had the catfish tacos that he was excited about but didn't really  end up loving (not sure why, he didn't really complain but didn't finish his plate...) We enjoyed the chips, salsa sampler and my husband really loved the fresh cornbread.  We just grabbed a couple beers, although I wish I had tried a mixed drink. Pretty solid place, relaxing atmosphere.
Service is usually slow and the food is meh.
The Shrimp Tostada Bites and the NY Strip make this place a local favorite. They have a really happening happy hour too and are close to mega shopping opportunities.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Their happy hour. I have only been there once to truly eat dinner and wasn't too impressed however their happy hour has never disappointed. They have HH everyday including weekends(whoohoo!) all of their appetizers are discounted to about half price plus they have amazing frozen margaritas that are sure to please any tequila lover. My favorite appetizer is the street tacos which you can get with either chicken or beef (you just have to ask) and the ahi tuna, plus they serve you cornbread in a cast iron skillet who can resist that!. Overall a great happy hour spot to meet up with friends or just have a few drinks!
I used to frequent Z-Tejas more frequently for meals, but hadn't been here in a while to eat. Mostly just for happy hour. Perhaps they changed the menu or maybe I just couldn't remember, but it seemed more of a "chain" menu. Nothing was jumping out at me so much. I did like how they included a 550cal or less section, and from there I went with the trout and steamed veggies. It was tasty, but I think I could make just as good at home. My husband got the....well shoot neither of us could remember. I guess that says something. The table-side guacamole and chips was pretty good, and my friends' ordered the same trout as myself, and the fish tacos. We had a round of cocktails as well. Their drink menu is impressive and I do appreciate their "skinny" cocktail options. I've gotten a few of those before. Our server was new, we could tell, but he still did a good job. All in all it was ok, but not a meal that I'd want to return to.
we use to come here quite a bit for their happy hour specials. it's been a while since we've eaten a full meal here, but it left me feeling a little sad. 
only because when you open the menu, it feels like Chilis or Applebees. it has similar layout, feel, and seemed like, food options as well. 

my dish was fine, but i can't remember it. my wifes trout was actually very tasty. they offer a 550 calorie or less menu and they still have those excellent chambord margaritas. but i think we may keep our z-tejas for happy hours.
Would definitely come back for Happy Hour.  Cute/bistro place.  The restaurant layout is pretty cool.  Tri level restaurant with two bars.  The entrance level has a bar that is seated outside with the water mist to keep you cool.  A group of us went there for dinner.  It was 6pm and we had been seated in their regular dining area of the restaurant.  We were about to order an appetizer when the waiter told us we can order off the Happy Hour menu before 630pm!  So excited we all ordered our dinners off the Happy hour menu. 

We ordered the trio dip chips thing (chili con queso, salsa, and guacamole).  Perfect to share with 5 people and SO DELISH!.  The Ahi seared tuna was okay.  The fish wasn't too fresh.  And the seasoning was like a sweet soy sauce.  It was weird.  
I also had the blacken catfish tacos.  It reminded me of a tortilla sandwich wrap.  It came with this dip that must have been  inspired by  Asian/Southwestern infused flavor with a hint of heat/spice to it.  For $5 bucks and 4 of these mini sandwiches, I could have been full off of this.  I would order this again.   And could come back.
The chambord margarita is nothing less than AMAZING!!!  2 of those and I'm a HAPPY camper!!! :o)  The jerk chicken salad is my FAVORITE!!  Just SOO flavorful!!
The chambord margarita was a perfect mix of delicious and "get you buzzed". I forgot about the great happy hour, gotta go back more often! Food came fast, hot and fresh (especially the table-side guacamole) and Jason provided some stellar service.
Great place to meet friends for a bite and some drinks.  Very social atmosphere and the food is really great.  Service did not disappoint and the prices are really fair.
Try the Diablo pasta with shrimp,you won't be disappointed.
The pepito chicken was also delish ( my wife's words, but true!)
The service was mediocre. It took for ever to he refills on drinks. The corn bread was the best thing there. The salmon dish in the under 550 calorie menu was decent. The pasta dish was really heavy and not delicious!
Location and service was great but the food mostly lacked flavor with the exception of the mini shrimp tosatadas which were amazing!
Asked for a 20th Century cocktail. The waitress returned to inform me that the bartender had no idea what was even in it. A classic prohibition-era cocktail and you don't know what it is? Time to go back to bartending school. Popping open a beer bottle and making a jger bomb doesn't make you a bartender.

When ordering my meal, I asked that the pico de gallo not be included in my burrito. The waitress told me that is how it comes and it couldn't be left out. And she didn't even attempt to suggest another menu item I could order instead. So apparently we're dealing with frozen pre-made Mexican food here.

Avoid this place at all costs. Their bartenders are little more than beer pourers and their staff won't even inquire with the chef about requested changes to menu items.
I had the Pecan crusted trout and It was fantastic. it have great flavor and was really moist. The corn bread was also excellent. The service was also good.
Awesome dinner!

Arrived at 9p, which was the start of their reverse happy hour (9p-close).  They provided skillet- fired cornbread and chips w/ 3 different salsas as comped apps. Wide variety of apps, salads, and dinner choices.  I chose 2 items off the discounted happy hour menu, smoked chicken quesadilla (7 on 10 pt scale) and bartender Mike recommended fish tacos (15 on 10 pt scale!!!!).  I had more food than I could eat in 2 sittings and fish tacos were the best I've ever ordered anywhere!! Had 2 margaritas (average) which were also discounted on reverse happy hour menu.  Escaped completely full with enough leftovers for 2 meals and a total bill of $22.  Couldn't be more satisfied!

Highly recommend fish tacos and Z'Tejas!!
Went here after a movie on a Saturday afternoon.  Take your movie stub and you will get a free appetizer.  I am not sure why we had not been here before.  It is really nice inside and was packed.  They bring you cornbread to start - were were not expecting that, so had to re-evaluate what we were going to have.  We had the trio appetizer, which was huge, so then we decided to split the steak burrito - they brought it out to us already split on separate plates - like that !  Everything was delicious, and we are now kicking ourselves as to why it has taken us 2 years to go here !
I love Z'Tejas and their happy hour. The chambord marg is a perfect go-to, although their drink book is filled with fresh, tasty, unique cocktails! I love their seasonal menus they put out each quarter. The Scottsdale location has an awesome patio. I haven't really sat inside as the patio is usually more happenin'. 

Great experience each time. Friendly staff!
If I am at Scottsdale Fashion Square this is my go-to place to eat, and I happen to usually end up there during happy hour!  The Raw Ahi Chipotle bites are fantastic!  But, it is not a lot of food to fill you up, so I recommend getting it half price during happy hour.  The pork nachos are good (but my favorite are at Fuego), and the street tacos hit the spot.  It is always pretty busy in here due to it being attached to the mall, and the servers always seem to deal with it in stride.  Their margaritas are fabulous and they have a great variety.  The sampler is always a good way to start if you have never been to ZTejas.  The only reason it gets 3 stars is I never seem to crave ZTejas; it is simply my go to place at the mall that has good food and a great happy hour... No complaints, it just doesn't wow me either.
Tex-Mex? More like Tourist-Mex. Ok, Chainy-Mex. 

That isn't to say everything is bad. There is always a time and place for franchised southwest cuisine, which naturally occurs after a spending spree at Fashion Show Mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-fashion-square-scottsdale-2) in downtown Scottsdale. Margarita specials to drown your sorrows over your newly drained bank account? You've come to the right place.

Happy Hour, Z'Tejas style, is no joke. Until about 6:30pm each day (yes, weekends are fair game but apparently end at 5pm), they have discounted food, and plenty of margarita variations to quench your lush-cious thirst. The chambord margaritas are drinks made from girly heaven, while I much prefer their regular margaritas, with lots of tequila. The half off platters of food are usually munchables and make for good finger foods while the crowd mingles away.

My last go around food wise wasn't the best. The green chile enchiladas with barbacoa was bland and the meat was a bit tough to chew, but certainly overshadowed by some very dry tortillas. Not surprisingly, the smothered chicken burrito didn't fare much better, even though it was quite hearty. The bottomless chips got the most love, especially with their trio of spicy dipping sauces. 

Service hasn't really impressed me much in the couple of times I've been there and the seating will vary but I wouldn't advise sitting outside unless the weather is absolutely perfect. Otherwise, it can get hot and there tends to be more cars strolling by than actual subjects for people watching.
I haven't been to Z-Tejas' restaurant for years. My wife loves the restaurant and I must have had a bad experience at the one in Tempe. I don't remember the reason, but I've always bypass them. 
SInce it was three days before Christmas and it was my turn to choose a restaurant, I chose Z-Tejas because we had to return an item to Macy's. 
Our server, Crystal, was very polite and keep our glasses full, even checking on us every now and then to see that we were enjoying our meal. 
We thought about happy hour, but decided on the full menu. I had the Pepita Crusted Chicken and my wife had the Chicken Enchilada with Black Beans and no rice. 
My entree looked very appetizing with cilantro pesto chicken breast sliced in half and ayered with sweet potato hash, spinach, artichokes and mushrooms, served with roasted poblano sauce.  There was too many chopped carrots surrounding the entry  to give it color. But it was tasty. My wife's entree was also delicious and there was a lot of black beans which covered half of the plate.
We ended the course with the Multi-berry cobbler served in a cast-iron skillet. It was really sweet and the ice cream helped by cutting the sweetness of the dessert.
Now the question is will I go back. I will, but not in the near future.
Nice place to grab a bite for lunch.  It's located in the Fashion Square Mall.  That's the worst part about this place, the parking.  It's not an easy in/out.  So don't plan a working lunch here unless you want to deal with it.

My favorite dish here is the Hickory Burger, $10.75.  It's a pretty big Burger and it comes with Steak Fries.  It will fill you up nice.

It's never too busy at lunchtime and we enjoy sitting on the "patio" out in the mall....makes for great people watching.

Staff is so/so....lot's of college age kids who's first job serving is here, so the service is inconsistent.

Overall it's A-OK.

Return Factor - 65%
If I had to ask for cornbread and bread pudding 4 times each, and water 5 times, after waiting an hour and half to get my orders taken, and another hour to have my entree on the table, the food better have been freaking jizz-worthy.

Unfortunately, the guac was terribly blended, diablo pasta was extremely bland, pumpkin bread pudding tasted nothing like pumpkin, and cornbread had inadequate texture among other things.

1 star for wasting my patience and ~5,000 calories that I could've better spent on Taco Bell.
Awesome appetizers!
We eat at both the Tatum and Shea location and the Scottsdale Fasion Square location.  The service is always friendly and the food is always very good.  It is a staple restaurant for just our family and when we are entertaining guests from out of town.  My husband and I also try to have a drink on the patio at least once a month.  Happy Hour is very good.  You won't be disappointed in this restaurant!
BFF and I decided to grab food last minute and Z'Tejas was close by so we stopped in to grub.  It was about 7:00 on a Friday night and the place was pretty busy.  Luckily we spotted a free table on the patio and were able to grab it right away.  Our server Alex came over almost immediately, gave us menus and took our drink orders (which was waters all around because she's pregnant and I didn't want to indulge in adult beverages in front of her haha!)

When he brought us our water we told him we wanted to order the Bottomless Chips and Salsa to start with because we were starving and needed something to eat just to be able to focus on ordering real food!  He let us know that the kitchen was slammed and that it would probably take 5-7 minutes for it.  I appreciated that because while we could see it's obviously busy, it's nice when the server sets accurate expectations.  Then he either exceeded our expectations or we have a really bad sense of time passing because it seemed like 2 minutes later he was back with the chips!

Moving on to the entrees...we both ordered the Hickory Burger, hers medium well with everything and sweet potato fries on the side and mine medium rare, no pickles or onions with regular fries.  To be honest I was nervous he wouldn't get it right because he didn't write it down, and while we were ordering the same burger, our orders were completely different.  To my surprise not only did the food come out correctly (My burger really was cooked to medium rare!!  That never happens!!) but it came out quickly too!  It was so delicious I would have waited for it though.  8 oz. burger, barbecue sauce, jalapeno mayonnaise, bacon and two types of cheese on a soft, fluffy bun....I'd describe it more but I fear the drool that's forming in my mouth will short circuit my keyboard so I'll leave it at that.

Oh!  One last thing back to our server as well, he made sure our water glasses were never empty!  One of my pet peeves is always running out of water and never being able to find your server but Alex was always checking with us even though he was literally running around helping all his tables.  Servers at other restaurants who make excuses for poor service by saying that they're "busy" should take a lesson from this guy who provided exceptional service in a packed restaurant.
Its a chain, its in a mall and it was busy.  I was prepared for a pretty poor experience.  What we got instead was great food, very attentive service and a wide menu that accommodated our GF and dairy-free needs.  

It was a Friday during Lent so we were confined to seafood or veggies.  My wife loved her mushroom enchiladas - probably the best dish we had.  My baked seafood enchiladas defintely gave it a run for the money though.  My son had the diablo pasta with shrimp and finished it before i got a bite.  

We were there to watch an NCAA game and enjoyed it thoroughly, with a crowd of folks getting into the game with us.  Much, much better than I expected when I showed up - we'll be looking for these in the future.
I love this place.  The food is delicious, the drinks are strong, the service is outstanding, and the patio is nice.  The only thing that could be improved is Happy Hour.  Every time I go, I look at the bill and am confused how I could have spent so much.  Not that great of a deal.
our service is always great!! especially yesterday!!
i couldnt decide what kind of spicy cocktail to try ( as i just LOVED the cucumber jalapeno margarita that they unfortunately took off of the menu) and our server offered to ask to see if the bartender would make it for me and he did!!! it made my night, as they are literally my favorite margarita! 
i greatly appreciate little things like that!
being as i work in fashion square, i enjoy occasionally stopping after work with coworkers for some happy hour food or a cocktail, and i honestly really enjoy the great service and makes me feel confident that my clients i refer there for food will always be receiving to same amazing service!!
Whenever I am back in AZ, this is the first and sometimes the only place I will eat! Everything is good - love all the apps and margaritas!
Let me start by saying I absolutely LOVE happy hours! What's not to love, everything's half off and it's HAPPY hour! =) 

Their reverse happy hour is from 9-close and my friend and I have been going here for probably about a year now for their happy hour. We usually come here maybe once every couple weeks and we are never disappointed. 

For their drinks, I usually get their house margaritas for happy hour. It's better frozen but I like my margaritas on the rocks. Or sometimes I get a glass of their house wine since I've been an obsessed wine drinker. =P Their margaritas are $1 off & their wines are $2 off. 

As far as their happy hour food, they have a pretty big selection of items for happy hour actually. I've tried almost everything on their happy hour menu and love everything. However, my favorite is their street tacos. It comes with a side of their special avocado salsa Verde sauce. I'm not sure what's in it, but it's amazing! My friend and I will usually get like 3 sides of it! lol. Whatever I order there I ALWAYS have to get a side of this special sauce because it's so dam delicious. =) 

Their customer service is actually really good. Their staff is really friendly and helpful and have a lot of knowledge about the menu. 

The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because I've never tried their dinner menu so I can't really review it. Other than that, I really do enjoy their happy hour and it's actually become one of my favorite happy hour spots. =)
Great service!  Love the corn bread!
Fantastic!  My husband and I decided to try this place out after hearing some good things, and boy am I glad we did!
The hostess greeted us cheerily, and sat us on the "patio" inside the mall (as opposed to the one they also have outside) as we requested. We put in drink orders and began the task of entertaining our toddler. 
Our waiter came by and took our orders. He was just as upbeat as the hostess, which was nice. 

I will say, it took an awfully long time to get our street taco appetizer, and our dinners (Z Burger and Hickory Burger) came but a minute later. I can overlook the odd timing though. 
Street Tacos...great! 
Z Burger... (According to my husband) one of the best burgers ever. (He also added some of the 'sauce' that came with our Street Tacos)
Hickory Burger...amazing!  Seriously, two bites in and I knew it was pretty much the best BBQ burger I'd had in years. 
My husband also got a regular margarita and said it was very good.
Our daughter had some mashed potatoes...I'm not sure what was in them, but they weren't plain...she liked them well enough for a toddler. 

I wish I'd had room for dessert but I'd stuffed myself with my burger and just had no room left!

We will absolutely be going back!
I come here every time I'm in Scottsdale, and I always get the same thing: smoked chicken chile rellenos. The chicken is clean and the smokey flavor is just the right intensity. The chile itself is cooked to perfection, but it still has the right amount of juice, and the delicious mix of nuts and apricots inside really takes it to the next level. Add all this together with a great cream sauce on top and you have one fantastic chile relleno. But be sure to bring a little extra green to Z'Tejas, it's a little on the pricier side but definitely worth it.
LOVE happy hour.  LOVE the cleanliness of the place.  LOVE the friendly servers.  LOVE the Bloody Mary bar on Sunday mornings.  LOVE.  LOVE.  LOVE.  And don't get me started on the Chambord margaritas.  Drink one.  You're welcome.
My sisters came to town for a visit and we explored the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall (which is an adventure in itself) and came across this restaurant.  It was a Friday afternoon around 2 p.m. and there was no wait, which isn't surprising for the off time.  The hostess was extremely nice and we had a fun conversation on the way to the table.  

The catfish beignets and trio of dips were great appetizers!  If you can only pick one - go for the catfish!

The flank steak my sister ordered was pretty chewy and our least favorite of the things we ordered.  The flavor was excellent, but the chewy factor killed the idea of it.  

The southwest chicken that my other sister ordered was excellent.  Cooked perfectly and still juicy it was most definitely the better of the two meals.  

Service was great, the food was good (knocked just a touch for the chewy steak), and the atmosphere was festive.  It's a "must-try" for any visitor or local looking for a good meal.
Enjoyed the outside, next to the street that goes from the parking lot to the garage, patio. Entree I ordered had very fatty steak.
Wow.  You could knock me over with a feather.  On a day when several other much nicer restaurants refused my reservation for ten, Z'Tejas gladly accepted my group, and gave us a heck of a meal on top of that!

Now, I'm not a real big fan of Z'Tejas.  To me, it's just another chain restaurant selling a corporate concept experience.  In the past, I've had happy hour at the Shea/Tatum location and have been seriously underwhelmed.  About the best I could say about that place is the cornbread is good.  But then it better be good at every one of them.

It was my daughter's twenty-first birthday, and it's tradition in my family that the birthday person picks the restaurant.  My heart sank as she mentioned this place, and I resigned myself to another cookie-cutter meal.  Alas, this would not be so, if Z'Tejas had anything to do with it.  Well, ok, it was cookie-cutter, but it was also good, flavorful, spicy cookie-cutter.  It's refreshing when they are not afraid to add some seasonings.  

Dishes enjoyed were the Steak Burrito - nothing to brag about, but the filling was perfectly seasoned, hot but not too hot, the steak was a bit tough and the flour tortilla was under-cooked - it should have spent some time on the griddle on it's trip from bag to plate, a bit of browning would add flavor and texture.  The Chicken Diablo pasta dish looked awesome, garnished with slices of fresh jalepeno and served with a savory alfredo-style sauce.  Street tacos were tasty too, but suffered from the same tough steak strips.  Vegetarian tacos were delish, and spicy too.  The Tejas burger was enjoyed immensely the next day, with my daughter saying she would go back to have another.  We also had the Nachos trio appetizer, chips, salsa, fresh guacamole and a white cheese sauce - the guac and salsa and chips were "all you can eat" making the hefty price tag seem a bit more reasonable.

Service was spot-on, the pace was good, nobody missed anything and special requests were attended to immediately.  All in all it was a good experience, enjoyed by all.
OK, go here and get the Chicken Diablo Pasta and thank me later!!!
I don't get the love for Z'Tejas.Yes, its better than chains like On the Border, Chevy's, or Olive Garden but its still a chain and really nothing special. The appetizers aren't bad, but nothing on the menu blows my socks off. 

The atmosphere is, well what atmosphere? It's just kind of a generic restaurant. Plus the servers seem so artificially peppy that I'm tempted to ask if they are wearing the requisite amount of flair... I know, I know, they don't actually wear flair, but it has that feel.

Plus, I hate it when the manager is clearly tasked with going around to every table and checking on your meal. Do it because you care, not just because its a required part of the job.

Both the waiter and the manager came around numerous times during our meal and the question was always "Is everything great!" I wanted to respond that you both keep walking up at inopportune times and interrupting our conversation, so no its not great now, but I was with coworkers and decided to be his nice.

That being said, with so many other good restaurants nearby, I see no reason to go back to Z'Tejas anytime soon.
im a true foodie so sometimes its hard for me to give anything over 3 stars, i have to visit it more than once. i was on a trip to Phoenix and i went here for happy hour. First the cornbread is simply to die for i searched for the recipe when i got home. the guacamole was okay, mine is usually better. the drinks was just okay i know they are known for their frozen margaritas but mine was  soso. did they get me where i need to be, yes but was it memeorable no. will i go back yes if im in the area and dying of hunger.
To be honest, there is nothing bad about this place. I like that it is located in the middle of fashion square mall, sometimes shopping after a margarita can be fun :). This place is great for a quick bite or a nice dinner. Mushroom enchiladas are amazing there!!
This place has yummy food and strong margaritas.  Happy hour (and reverse!) is a smashing deal in the bar and patio areas... I highly recommend designating a driver and having a couple chambord margaritas.  For food, the queso skillet is one of the most addicting cheese dips I've ever had.  The green chile pork skillet is fab and you really should blow your low-carb diet and have some of their cornbread hot out of the oven with a smear of butter.   The service is pretty quick and they are pretty accommodating with carry out containers if you can't finish the smorgasbord of appetizers and food ordered.  ;)
never seem disappointed at Z-tejas.  even thier brunch menu is a hit.
Husband and I went for reverse happy hour on a Friday at 9. We got their nachos and quesadilla which were both pretty good. They were each $5. The bartender was nice and the food came out fast. My only complaint is that they charged $2 for seltzer water/club soda. Really?!? Unless that's a norm for Arizona?
Solid.
I'm not in love with the food, but it serves a purpose.  My hubby loves the cornbread, so we usually end up here versus Kona based on the bread alone!
An average experience in an average restaurant. They did handle our party of 7 adults + 2 young children graciously, but to order was to slow in delivery given the only half the place was full at mid-day on a Sunday. Most everyone felt their meal was average to good....lots of better choices within a 5 to 10 minute walk
Frozen fusion margaritas are awesome!! Love them! Cornbread and food is also all incredibly great here?
Z'Tejas is awesome! They had me at the free cornbread, which is delicious and moist...and free. There are many vegetarian options, most of which are a lot more interesting than the standard veg tex mex fare, which is a large part of why I think this chain is great. The veggie chopped salad is chock full of yummy and fresh toppings, and there is well enough protein (cheese, nuts) to be quite filling, especially with the cornbread starter. The guacamole is fresh and spot on delicious. The interior of the restaurant is really nice, especially around the holidays where they deck it out in string lights (very festive). Service is quick and friendly, parking is (as expected at this mall) a giant pain.
Great salsa, guacamole & queso and chips appetizer just $5 on happy hour special. Very friendly service. We'll be back.
Have been coming here for years. They have a great happy hour with great food and drink specials. Also staff is incredible and the manager Justin is always very attentive and really knows the menu and handles the staff and customers very professionally. Keep up the great work.
Had a lunch meeting here today with a group of gals. We got the back room and 2 waiters.

Food was great. I had the street tacos - super yummy! The waiters were perfect. Attentive nd respectful of our meeting. Kept drinks full with minimal interruption. 

The menu looked tasty, I'm sure I'll take my husband back!
Good food but service could have been a bit better. Try the dumplings on the appetizer menu... They are the best! Also the blended margaritas are stiff so watch yourself because before you know it you will be riding a nice buzz!
The food was just below Okay. Just below it. I mean, I'm in the southwest, I can expect some authentic mexican fare regardless if I'm in a mall right??....Okay, so for mall food, it was above average. Prices were decent, portions were decent, service was okay. The bloody mary bar for brunch - that was unexpected and the only reason I would ever come back to this place. Brilliant idea!
Good service.  The manager was very helpful. 

Annie
Service was good but food was bland. Needless to say Filaburtos, is better. Food is not worth the price.
Disappointing. My mom and I stopped by here after some late afternoon shopping, as it is located inside Scottsdale Fashion Square, and we were looking to party for our last night in town. We ordered a couple margaritas, and they were intensely sweet and too strong to enjoy. (Don't get me wrong, I enjoy getting my money's worth when I order a drink but there is a difference between a stiff drink and one that is so strong you don't want to drink it.) We ordered chips and salsa for an appetizer while we looked over the menus. Again, we were prepared to stay a while. It actually took 20 minutes for us to see our chips and salsa. The presentation was nice, and it included 3 different salsas to try. The chips were crisp and fresh. We were not offered any cornbread that other tables were getting. By the time we had finished the bowl of chips, we had not been offered any more drinks, or asked for our food orders. It wasn't very busy, so I was confused as to what was taking so long. Since I work in the industry, I think I show more patience than most, but this was just pathetic. Finally a second bartender came on and asked if we were doing okay and we asked for our bill. From the moment we sat down, we spent over an hour there, and all we had to show for it were some chips and salsa and a couple of bad drinks. It was a total mood killer for the two of us who were prepared to party and spend our money at Z'Tejas. Lesson learned!
The 3 stars are mostly for service which was excellent. Drinks were just ok. We had frozen peach Margarita and Long Island. We started with Chips & trio salsa which wasn't anything special and also had the crab cakes which where good. We order for the main course the burger with fries & the grilled Ruby trout salad. The burger was cooked perfect but the bun taste like dough and was kinda comparable to wonder bread just soft and tasteless, and ruined the burger. My bf took one bite and was done with it, fries were good. My salad was ok, dressing was a little sweet, and the grilled trout on top had no flavor and just tasted bland.
Overall the service was the best part about having dinner here, but the food was just not good. Don't think we will be returning.
I haven't been to Ztejas in quite some time as I used to work here like 15 years ago. My wife was shopping at the mall so I thought I would grab my iPad catch up on the news and have a Margarita. Bellied up to the bar and was greeted by a friendly and smiling bartender asking what I would like. Ordered my favorite from years ago which is the Patron fruit infused frozen margarita. It never used to disappoint still doesn't - great drink.

We were supposed to go to four peaks brewery for lunch but my shopaholic wife was gone too long so we decided to have a bite to eat here. Chips and salsa are really good. The chips are always hot and fresh here and they taste like it. It used to just come with a cup of chipotle salsa if I recall correctly but now comes out with a trio of salsa - habanero, Verde, picante. Good stuff. Whitehead the beef street tacos in any one of them and they were superb. My favorite appetizer here has always been the catfish beignets. I was really disappointed with these as they used to be served crisp and crunchy and these were served moist and almost to the point of sogginess. I literally picked one up and it broke in half by itself it was so flimsy. That was disappointing. I probably would've given four stars but because I know that was a really poor execution it went down to three. Restrooms needed to be attended to as well. Lastly, seriously ... No Wi-Fi?!?! There's a mall connection but it was weak and up having to tether to my cell phone. 2014 and in Scottsdale and no Wi-Fi just seems odd to me.
Been here several times for happy hour, and I love it!! I've tried some of their margaritas...and they're all good! 

As for the food, I've had their catfish beignets, grilled shrimp and guac tostada bites, street tacos, these dumplings...which were AMAZING!! (Thanks to our waiter's recommendation) and probably some more that I can't remember.

The cornbread is amazing!!!! I would honestly eat the whole thing if I didn't remember that I actually ordered food. 

But yes, great food, and the waiters I had here were all so nice, making great conversation, offering suggestions, and always making sure we were taken care of.
This Chili's has the best service I have encountered out of all the Chili's restaurants I've been to. The staff are friendly, fast, and efficient. The food is excellent.

Be sure to try the original Baby Back Ribs that made them famous, or the new Southern Smokehouse Bacon Cheeseburger (The bacon is almost as thick as a McDonalds hamburger patty). They also do an all you can eat soup and salad at lunch. Regular size portions of soup & salad, not the mini servings that you'd get at Applebees, and much faster service, well worth the $6.99.

I'm addicted to the blackberry iced tea, so I have to keep going back ;)
Yuck!  I have no idea why people go to this icky, over priced chain restaurant.
I know
It's Chilis

I KNOW

I just don't like fajitas.  Unless they're from Chili's
Don't know why
Can't explain it

So I get to go from this Chili's.  And they're super fast and friendly.
So yay for easy fajita fixes.  Mmm.
Ok, so I just met my friend at Chili's for lunch to celebrate his birthday.  Let's forget for a minute that I drove to the wrong one (The one in Tempe that is now closed) and that he had to sit there by himself until I got there.  That's irrelevant.

We got there just before the lunch rush, and service was good.  One huge plus, my drink never got empty.  He was a little slow on removing the empty glasses, but it never got overwhelming.

I got a regular burger and fries.  The burger was so-so - it seems like they may have gone down in quality from the last time, the meat wasn't much better than a Whopper.  The fries were perfect, I love the seasoning they put on them, and they were nice and fresh.  The burger and bun never seemed to get along, and I ended up with a pile of soggy bun on my plate. 

My friend got the chicken strips, and was satisfied, personally, I have never cared for the way they bread them there - too much like fish - I prefer more crispy chicken strips.  His corn on the cob was excellent - I actually kinda wanted to steal it from him, but it was his birthday.

Service got a little slow waiting for him to pick up the check and bring my change, but in their defense, the lunch rush was starting to peak.  

Overall, it was a great meal for $25, and wow, is the tab less when there's no booze involved.  I hadn't tried this specific Chili's before, but it holds up the chains reputation well.
Ordered my lunch today for 2 adults and 2 kids. All the food was cold and didn't arive for 40 minutes. The wife sandwich which was supposed to be a cool sandwich had melted cheese and dried out bread fromt sitting under the warming lamp too long. My salad had cold fried chicken on it, and the kids mac 'n cheese was below room temperature. The only thing good there was the soda which is hard to screw up. Don't waste your time.
We got a deal for 2. $25 for two, not too bad! Service and environment were great.
Great waitress!! She was super friendly and got our orders right and quick to us.
The blackberry margaritas we had were DELICIOUS!!!

The queso yum yum yummy!!

Great experience overall!!
OK so from my HORRID experiences at all other chilis I've been to it took a lot for me to even give this place a try... Granted no way no how I would order a salad from this place... (Past Chilis salad experiences include having my salad be alive... there was a cockroach/pincher bug in it, and before that an industrial staple in one)
So I"m sure you can imagine me being hesitant.  Anyways my friends wanted to go here, I was in their car... whatever fine... I'll just drink my calories:) I agreed to try the chips and guacamole. They were straight up legit.  I also had some fried jalapenos... yumm All day happy hour on Sundays... sing me up. I'm a sucker for cheap liquor:) 
Oh also there is always some sort of entertainment happening... not by their choice more on the line of random ridiculously drunk people. And I'm not one of those people
My recent visit to Chili's was the first time in years.  A friend had a gift card to burn so she took a few people there.  I think my taste buds have grown a bit more sophisticated because I found my chicken bacon ranch quesadilla to be quite bland and salty.  The service was fine, but the food was not.  I was reminded why I usually didn't go to large chain restaurants.  There are some decent, even good ones, but Chili's is not one of them.  I could have made a better quesadilla at home.
I was in the mood for a good cheeseburger so I tried chili's near Chandler mall. Not sure if I was just starving - but the old timer with cheese was fantastic! Perfectly cooked and very tasty. The fries were good too. And in the bar, they have great tv's - and the bartender was friendly. I have had the ribs also - they are great to take out.  So I will definitely put chili's in my rotation!
Prob one of my favorite places to eat. Never have had bad food or service at chili's. The menu lay out is nice and they have a lot of good items to choose from. If you sit in the bar area they have nice flat screen tv's with sports on and it's first come first serve seating. Awesome place to hang out with friends. The one by the chandler mall is also the best I've been too. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars.
I'm only giving 2 stars  because the only reason I come here is for the green chicken chile soup and they got rid of it. Plus our server was kinda slow, took other orders while just staring at us. Even tho he was nice.. U need to be a good server too
So we've been in KY for the last 9 months & forgot what Real salsa tasted like! Try their cheese sauce with the chips -yum! Got their last booth on a sun afternoon and great fast service!
For a chain operation, Chili's has been run pretty well for years.  I like their recent facelift - they didn't change their look so much as to render it unrecognizable from their original look, but it looks more modern and is well-executed.  The menu is vast and pretty much anyone can find something they like.  The service at this particular location has been excellent for our lunch crew, across a number of visits.  Not spectacular, but never disappoints.
What can I say? It's Chilis and Chilis never disappoints.
I'm not a big fan of chains so whenever our eclectic
foodie group votes to go to Chili's, I always feel 
a wave of excitement comparable to that of receiving 
an invitation to a Red Hat Society cuddle party. I
end up going anyway placing value in the camaraderie
of our group higher than an itch to try something new
and different and maybe dangerous. The place is easy
to spot because it's right on the corner of the little
restaurant row part of the Chandler Mall on Chandler
Blvd that includes Firebirds, Keg, Majerle's, Elephant
Bar, etc. Funny thing is I'm always asking which driveway
to turn into for the other ones but Chili's is the easiest
since it's the first. Plenty of parking as it's shared 
with other restaurants in the area. 
   So we've been here so many times we have our own waitress 
who knows what we're probably ordering and we always get 
the same table in the corner on the way to the restrooms. 
Not that we're predictable or anything. I usually get the 
bacon ranch quesadillas. But I might get the chicken 
club quesadilla instead depending on how long it was
since the last time we came by. Their burgers are quite
decent as well. The great thing about this place is 
there's a big enough menu to satisfy everyone in a big 
cranky group. I'll give an extra star just based on that.
The customer service at this location is great! They have a special where u get an appetizer and 2 entrees for $20.
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. The service was horrible. Would never go back again.
Terrible service from this location. No one put in our appetizer order that we immediately gave to one of our 3 servers that was supposedly "taking care" of us. After waiting close to 20 minutes, our daughter's meal came out which we ordered with our dinners well after the appetizer. We ordered, onion strings and jalapeos so we knew even with a backed up kitchen, there's no way it would take that long for our appetizer. At this point, we didn't want our dinners sitting under heat lamps for 15 more minutes while they try to make us an appetizer. We had our 3rd server who claimed to also be "talking care" of us check on the food situation, and he let us know that one of the servers must have forgotten to enter our appetizer since it wasn't in the system at all.  We made sure to cancel that order. Then the first server, the one who neglected to put our order in correctly in the first place, had the nerve to come tell us that she will make sure that the appetizer does not go on our bill. Like we were going to pay for food we never received. The rest of the food came out, just a couple burgers. It was decent, consistent chili's quality. At least the kitchen was doing their job correctly. Not once during our dinner were we checked on. We even had an EMPTY beer and margarita and we were not offered or asked if we wanted another round or asked how our food was. Plus the server looked so inconvenienced when we asked for the check. We are not picky or rude people, so I really do not understand the horrible service.... I am in the service industry and even waited tables in the past, and I would never even imagine giving a guest as horrible of an experience as we received at this particular Chili's. Save your money, do not go to this location. There are  plenty of other food options near the Chandler mall.

Advice for Chili's: 2-3 servers  for one table is excessive and unnecessary. Someone drops the ball at some point, which clearly happened on this occasion. The guest ends up with a terrible experience which they tell all their friends and Yelp about.... And your 3 servers get to share a NOT so generous tip.
Oh Chilli's the butt of so many jokes. But you are ok. Not too bad. They changed their menu mostly for the better. Remolded the restaurant to a much better modern look. I love the fried Jalapenos and the spicy onion strings app. Really good. Just spicy enough for me. The fajitas and the bacon ranch quesadilla are good. The chocolate molten cake is always a good dessert. So moist and chocolaty and good.
For a cheap dinner or for apps and drinks with friends it is an ok place and the prices are good. Much better than that apple place in my opinion.
I am a frequent visitor to this chilis at chandler mall.  I have to write this review because I am tired of getting my burger cooked well done.  This is the 3rd time in a row that I have ordered a burger MEDIUM (not well done).  I ordered the bacon burger - bacon was nicely cooked but AGAIN, the burger was like shoe leather.  What is it with these places so afraid of getting people sick they can't leave any pink in the burger???  Yes the blue moon was good, yes the bartender was friendly, but I was not happy with my shoe leather well done burger that I ordered medium. I will return, but I will definitely let them know next time what I expect.
The best happy hour prices in town. All brand new TV's at the bar.
So you decide what your conclusion is...
Store closes at 11pm on Tuesday, sitting there and they shut the lights off at 10:50, leaving me and my girlfriend in the dark to finish our drinks and talk for the remaining time. Legally a bar must stay open for 30 min after last call but I guess chilis wanted us out..
Shitty way to treat customers..
Ah Chili's you are always so mediocre through and through... I haven't been to this location in over a year. It hasn't changed much. The appearance of the interior maybe a little, the menu has had a few tweaks but overall it is still the same old mediocre burgers, steaks and for some reason now pizza. Tonight I had an oldtimer burger and asked for it cooked medium well, it was crispy as could be when I got it and lacking the flavor department. My fianc's big mouth bite sliders were decent. Fries were lukewarm and semisoft. Service was pretty good. 

Overall if you are looking for a quick bite and a decent happy hour, stop here but don't have high expectations.
What can I say... It's Chili's.  I was hungry and was looking for a place to watch the MSU game and text friends that we're doing the same.  Thinking I'd just grab a bite here before moving on, I went into the bar and plopped into a booth.  A quick scan of the TVs revealed that they did have the game on, so I ordered the Margarita Grilled Chicken along with a pomegranate Margarita (see the theme here).  Food came out and it was great and the drink was strong and yummy.  I was worried I was going to be rushed to leave when the bill came, but to my surprise that never happened and I felt comfortable watching the rest of the game there.
This place has no food on special for happy hour!  I can tell you I wasn't very happy.  We left and went to the Elephant Bar--happy hour from 3-7!!!
I went with my girlfriend for lunch.   She ordered the guacamole burger which I tried some of.   It was one the best burgers that I've had In a while.   I ordered the cajun chicken pasta.   I've had this several times and it's one my favorite dishes.   Add on a fat tire draft beer and you are all set.   

Good food and good service we will definitely be back.
I haven't been to a Chili's in years.  I remember them as being OK, but nothing special.  So I end up with a gift card from work...

We showed-up for lunch.  I kinda wanted Mexican food, she wanted to use the gift card.  I was out-voted one to one.  :-)  We were seated promptly (we opted for the bar area for some reason...we weren't going to drink before going back to work!).

The menu seems to emphasize American and "southwestern" (not exactly Mexican) food.  As I had a craving for Mexican, I opted for "southwest pairing".  My wife had a chipotle bowl, and soup.  I tried both and they were pretty good.  My pairing of crispy taco and enchiladas was good too.  Not really authentic, but tasty nonetheless.

Overall I was pleasantly surprised.  We have since returned here one other time, and the food and service were fine.  Not great, but fine (service was better on the first visit).  I'd say they rate a solid 3-stars for a casual dining joint.  Useful if not everyone is in the mood for the same food (e.g. Mexican) because they have a variety.  They aren't better than a specialty restaurant (like La Tolteca), but they're good enough for a lunch out during the week.
I tried giving this location a chance but their pickup service was always worse than the time before. I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone. The eye rolls I received from the persons manning the pickup counter are deadly.
I usually enjoy chili's. But this restaurant in particular really irks me in regards to my experience. I came here with a buddy of mine and we ordered the queso to start, which was extremely cold. I didn't say anything because it was manageable. I ordered my burger without bacon(due to religious reasons) and it came with bacon. I told the server and she apologized and brought it to the kitchen and told me they'd make me another one, I marked my burger before doing so to assure that'd be the case. And lone behold, the burger came back, except it wasn't a new one. I told the server that it was the same burger, and she was shocked. She brought it back to the kitchen and brought me a new one that was scalding hot. Lone behold it was the same burger that had bacon on it just flipped over to the other side as if I wouldn't notice. Shameful.
We came here last night for a quick bite to eat.  We sat in the bar area. It was during the NBA finals--the bar was understaffed. The menus were filthy.  The tables were not stocked -- no sugar carafe, no salt. My table seemed washed off however it was very sticky. Food was fair. Service was obviously slow/poor due to staffing. Someone in the kitchen area was cleaning a vent on the ceiling, not the appropriate time. So in my opinion, this place needs some management.
I do really like the chain restaurant itself.  However, this locations experience was greatly disappointing.   Food was normal Chili's standard, but the issue was on the employees.  Our waiter was not talkative and shook his head yes or no instead of verbally pronouncing.   All of which could be played off as shy.   Greatest disturbance being the manager that goes around asking how everyone's meal was.  She was talking to another table as we were leaving and she was in the middle of the aisle.  My girlfriend Nicely said "excuse me."  The manager turned her head and quickly looked back at the table and continued to talk.   My girlfriend was left to try and squeeze by her, as was I.  While I was passing, she decided to depart from her conversation and run into my shoulder.  I expressed my sympathy and apologized.   She never responded... Not a word.   We left with a sour taste in our mouth
The bartender was friendly and attentive but not annoying. The food was good and served in a timely manner. There were numerous TV screens with good picture quality for us to watch the MLB home run derby on. 
We took advantage of their 2 for $20 deal that gives us an appetizer to split and an entree each. I was pleasantly surprised that the entrees were full portions and not downsized for the promo. Nice place overall.
Chipotle has consistently been one of my favorite places to eat.  The food is prepared in front of you as you head down the assembly line towards the cash register.  The ingredients are fresh, never frozen, and always flavorful.  While it's no Cafe Poca Cosa, for fast Mexican food, it's tough to beat.
Should be 3.5* but i am gonna bump it up. It sure is fast but not super exciting. Its just alright. They do not have too many choice either. And their pork is super salty which kind of ruins it. But as far as mall food joints go its not bad.

"Its alright"

Eugene
Chipotle!!!! I love you but your empoyees are idiots. I asked them if the oil in the rice was hydrogenated and they told me YES

So after avoiding them for a good 3 months I decided to go inside and ask to see the oil.

It is Non Hydrogenated soybean oil, yes it had a few preservatives but no TRANS FATTY OILS!!!!!

The Tortilla however does have trans fat :( 

But Ive been making up for old times, I think Ive had the Veggie bowl like 3 times this week!!!

Im outta control, but Ill eat good starting tomorrow ?
Chipotle is one of my favorite quick serve restaurants, but this is not one of my favorite Chipotles.  Because it is right next to the movie theater, it was convenient to stuff the burrito in my pocket  and eat it while waiting in line at the theater for a screening.  It was fast as usual, but the burrito size was smaller than I'm used to from the one by my work.
Everyone else seems to have eaten here a lot, but earlier today was my first time eating at a Chipotle.  One of my co-workers recommended it, saying it was her favorite mexican food.

While it's not too bad, I would definitely not call it my favorite.  One thing that is much better than all of the "drive-thru" mexican restaurants around Phoenix is that the chicken was completely white meat, grilled and fresh, which is much better than most fast food mexican.  The hot sauce was mildly warm, although they put a little too much rice in the burrito.

Overall, pretty good,  I'll be back, but not tomorrow.
my first chipotle experience was a week ago, my neighbor took me there, and wow!  how come i haven't been eating this stuff earlier.  the barbacoa is the best, and the burrito is so big, i wonder if i can eat two of them?  lol  well, i'm thinking about going there for lunch today so see you there.
This location at Tempe Marketplace has to be the best one yet. For starters the large amounts of parking available. The convenience of the mixture of the eye candy at midweek lunch time (ASU hot girls and business suited short skirted hot heeled women!) Oh yeah and the food!

I thought to myself what am I going to eat on my high protein diet? Mexican? Nope mexican't too much carbs, but wait my carb watching protein eating calorie counting friends. The Chipotle salad is our salvation of eating with out looking like boring dieter. 

The chicken salad bowl with no rice, beans, pico and salsa is perfect! Top it off with a little bit of lemon juice and you got a great healthy lunch and with a water you got it all for under $7. Yes my friends we can eat, healthy, cheap and good. 

For a "fast food" like place they have a nice open kitchen that you can see, I like that they don't hide it from you and you can see how clean it is.
If you are a burrito eater this is a good place. Try their carnitas (pork meat) that is a good option. I enjoy their burrito salad (no big complication). The best they have is their decoration. Good for Mexican food beginners but not good if you long a real taco.
I can't complain
Usually when you roll something this good, it's illegal. While I wouldn't consider it authentic Mexican (more like Mexican style), It's the best thing to get for the price. I get so excited moving along in the line, watching as they scoop the delectable ingredients onto the warm tortilla. There are few things better than seeing a middle aged Mexican woman muscle the burrito into its final shape. When they hand me that baby sized burrito I feel like a little kid on Christmas morning. It's the perfect amount of food and always leaves me satisfied.
I can't believe I haven't written a review about the wonderful Chipotle (I can spell it, can't pronounce it). I am always greeted with a friendly staff and a clean restaurant! Then here is a yelpers favorite part: the food is consistently great! I have never had a bag thing a Chipotle. Everything is wide open so you can see everything being cooked and made for you. How cool is it that you can actually wave to the people making your food. I always love places that open their kitchen up to their guests. It shows they have nothing to hide. The only bad thing... Catch them at a lunch rush and you could be waiting awhile. A small price to pay for freshly cooked food! 
And just in case you were wondering... I am eating it right now :)
Would you believe I've never been to a Chipolte before?  I came here with a friend and figured it was time to try.  I've heard so much about this place!  Mostly good, of course.

I came in and noticed that the menu is simple and prices were fair.  I liked the selections available, and went with the steak fajita burrito. I got to choose my options, and it came wrapped up nice in tin foil.

I really liked the burrito I got!  I will probably be back again to eat here.
This is one of my favorite chain fast food places.  Everything seems pretty fresh and can be a bit more healthy than your typical fast food fare.

This location is just like all the rest.  It is clean, the staff is friendly, and the prices all seem to be reasonable (though I think a bit higher than they should be for what you get).  The line can get pretty long during peak times, but it seems to move pretty fast.

I always get the same thing:  a bowl or salad with chicken although I don't know how a bowl and a salad are different.  Anyway, I get lettuce, chicken, corn salsa stuff, hot salsa and shredded cheese.  LOVE it!  Light on the carbs but probably high in calories...oh well...I try.

Pro Tip:  If you want cheese, sour cream and/or guacamole, order it on the side.  Even if you say you want a little bit, they will put heaps on your bowl/salad.
I love Chipotle.  Can not get enough of it, and yet every time I leave I feel stuffed.  I especial like this one because I find that they are always consistent.  Its so cool for eating there or out.  

Recommendation: Your either a fan or not, or you just don't know your a fan yet.
I think I'm seriously missing something here. Am I the only person in the world that thinks Chipotle sucks? There isn't one thing on the menu that I enjoy. Not even the chips and salsa. How can you mess up chips and salsa??

EVERYONE I know loves this place. I feel like I'm an alien. Maybe they put something in their food that not only makes you bleed when you go the bathroom, but also hypnotizes you to think they have the best food when really its the worst.

My two most recent experiences are as follows:

A friend of mine insisted we go before a movie. I asked him if he really wanted to eat that garbage and then sit for two hours but he said yes. I watched him eat a burrito while I ate stale chips and the cashier made fun of me (YES HE MADE FUN OF ME! WHO DOES THIS?) for not ordering something. He actually asked me if I was watching my figure. I'm a skinny girl so it was really insulting to the bigger girls behind me in line. I could tell they were visibly offended.

Another time my boyfriend got a coupon for a free burrito for selling his books back to the school. I guess they figure that if you're stupid enough to sell your books back to the school instead of online then you're stupid enough to eat Chipotle. I went with him even if I didn't want anything. I just wanted to spend time with him. Well apparently everyone and their mother wanted Chipotle that day because the line was so long it went outside. The door was open so it was hot. Imagine every possible thing that could go wrong in a line happening at once. That's what it was. Sweaty people all over, screaming kids, crying babies, loud cell phone talkers, cutters.... Ugh. When we finally reached the front of the human labyrinth they almost didn't take his coupon even though it was completely valid.




In the end. Not a fan of the food, the experience, the staff, the building. No. Please someone tell me what I'm missing here!!
Lots of good food for cheap, but it's still a fast food chain, so don't expect much more than that.
Great food. Almost all gluten free. Wonderful service, above and beyond.
This Chipotle is located in the Tempe Marketplace and for those of you who have ventured here well you know it can be a beast to get to it. The food and service is typical of any other chipotle but the parking and the crowds make this location a real challenge. So if you just have to have chipotle this one is as good as any other...but again be warned this one may not be worth your time due to all the parking and crowd issues. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Close to the only fast food I eat. And I eat it regularly. I like the fact that they use organic and free range whenever possible.
Chicken burritttoooooo! Since this one is in the Marketplace, it's pretty much always busy. They are still good at getting you in and out though.
Stopped by for lunch with some colleagues and ordered my normal Steak Burrito w/Pinto Beans, Sour Cream, Guacamole, Rice, Hot Salsa.  Since the weather was awesome, we sat outside and enjoyed the day.  The Burrito was actually kind of small for Chipotle....I guess they were stingy that day.

The only downside to sitting outside is all of the birds that bother you and fly overhead....you have to be careful.  Next time, I'll probably sit inside.

Return Factor - 60%
Love this place, especially the guacamole and chips.  But you can also get the fattest, heaviest burrito as you want here.  I wish they'd branch out and bring 'em to Hawaii!
The food is good. The customer service is horrible. I asked 2 of the workers questions and they both ignored me.
Went with a few friends to see a movie and afterwards debated for food afterwards, Chiptole was worth going to. I enjoyed my burrito bowl and the staff was pretty considerate. Very wide selection of seating and not many crappy chairs. I prefer this one over the one by ASU.
I have visited this Chipotle more than twice a week on average for lunch for over a year now and I have never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and they go out of their way to recognize their regulars. The food is always good. If you like Chipotle, this location is as good as it gets.
Keep in mind that this is fast food.  I'm rating it as such.  I'm not comparing it to a place like La Tolteca, or Firebirds, or Top of the Rock.  That would be silly, IMO.

I like Chipotle.  They give you a lot for your money, and it's very tasty.  I can't really say it is authentic, but it's very good.  This time I had a barbacoa, and it was very good.  My wife and I shared it, and we were both full when we were finished.

This is perhaps the best fast food out there.  I don't know (but should probably look up) the "label" to see how much fat and such there is, but their ingredients do appear to be fresh, and the food doesn't sit like a rock in my stomach for hours like a lot of fast food does.  In a hurry and want some good food?  You could do a lot worse than Chipotle.
The service is always fast and friendly. Large dining are both inside and out. The food is always fresh and tasty and plenty of it. I've never had a bad experience.
I love Mexican food, even the "fake" kind that other people complain about. Well, I'm not complaining! Tacos, burritos, quesadillas,  taco bowls, chips and salsa- I love them all! I like how the price doesn't change if you choose steak instead of chicken. Some of the other toppings cost extra, but only get what you want and can afford. I like to add veggies to my tacos for an extra charge, but I know it's worth it for some vegetables in my meal. So I will be returning.. many, many times!
At one point in my life I had a personal disliking for Chipotle...  Im glad I was able to get past that and enjoy the food :)  Love the chicken burritos (with everything on it!).
My fast-food spot of choice when in a pinch - for under $10 I can get a double meat with guac and tons of salsa and sour cream. Preferred over most establishments for their prudent choice of quality sources.
My husband ordered take out for us last week. I ordered the chicken burrito bowl, the chicken was very hard and chewy, the guacomole had some brown spots. It tasted disgusting, I had a few bites and threw it away. Then got very sick with food poisoning symptoms for the next  3 days. In all fairness my husband ordered a steak burrito and liked it. I normally go to the chipolte @ baseline and stapley in Gilbert, there food everytime is AMAZING AND FRESH!
Chipotle is an interesting animal. They have many unique qualities and their service is always streamlined.  This review is for this and all locations I have been to prior. Chipotle......GO!

~Fud/Drink~
The food is tasty...enough said. Delving deeper, you can see a bevvy of food options you can sink your teeth into. The meats are delicious to say the least. My personal fav, the barbacoa, really ties the burrito together (Big Lebowski reference). The other meats taste great, but barbacoa is seasoned perfectly. As for the ingredients, everything always tastes fresh, from the salsas to the beans and rice.... everything. You can stack as much of an ingredient into your burrito as you see fit, and I take advantage of this by piling on the the grilled peppers and onions. Is it the finest Mexican cuisine? No... But for someone looking to dine out and not eat a ton of calories like myself, Chipotle does it right. They provide you a menu off to the side that shows all the calories in each ingredient, and its easy to keep the calories off by following what you are putting in. I usually keep out the tortilla, which saves a lot of grief and calories, and still allows me to fill up on fresh Mexi-food. This is completely different to most Mexican restaurants. Nothing is deep fried, but rather fresh and filling. As for a bar or drink, there is nothing beyond a couple generic Mexican beers or a soda fountain. 

~Atmosphere/Service~
I never have much liked the overall restaurant concept, which oozes eat quick and leave. There are no TV's for you to lounge around and watch, music is not piped through the system, and the  chairs are wooden and not overall comfortable. Really, it makes sense, many people do not eat in, they get the burrito to go. It still might help to add a little more atmosphere to the overall experience, if you ask me. The service is always lightning quick. Despite long lines, they still get you in and out quick, and are quick to add the ingredients. Overall, they also are quite kind and talkative, I have never had rude service from service crews. Its a nice way to get Mexican, just no real atmosphere to experience the food in.

~Extras/Rating~
Not much else to note, besides the various options you can get when choosing how to dine. There are so many combos you can go with, its fun to change up your burrito experience by coming here. As for the rating, they lose a full star for having no atmosphere whatsoever. I know its their concept, but still, not even a TV? It would be something if they put out some new options, like board games or other items to entice customers to stay more...Open up more bar options, then revenue increases.....gah, who am I to complain about business models? 4 Stars for outstanding food and great quick service!
Good and fast...  Plus affordable, but I can only there once a week. I like this place because it is healthy and hearty :)  There are several locations and now they serve brown rice.  Therefore, good for me !!!
I like it
The food is good but the portion they give you is terrible. I counted 10 steaks in my entire burrito, I got more rice than anything and very little cheese. I can't even taste the cheese. The chips are stale and very salty! The salsa is pretty good. The service was okay... Seems like they all were trying to talk and it was confusing me. If their portion size was better I'd be more satisfied.
After walking around shopping,  what is a better way to sit down, relax and enjoy a fresh veggie bowl.. yummmm. The mild and hot sauce is super delicious!!! Yummm.
Brown rice, bell peppers and onions, black beans, sour cream, corn, all three sauce, a little bit of their guacamole, cheese and lettuce.  Two squeezed lemons and Booooom. Delishhhhh
Im so needy, I need hot sauce inside my bowl anddddd extra hot sauce on the side as well. :))

Great and friendly customer service!!!!

Ohhh how I loveeeee chipotleeeee.
This is the Chipotle in the Tempe Marketplace shopping center so I come here  occasionally when I am trying to get some shopping done on my lunch break. Weird thing is that if you get here at 11:30am (they open at 11) it is totally calm but between the hours of noon and 2pm the place is jam packed. They keep it well staffed though so you can still get in and out quickly. Or if you want to stay awhile they have a nice little patio area. Watch out for the birds, they can get pretty aggressive and apparently really love burritos.

fyi - they are on the Northeast area of the shopping plaza near Bar Louie. Come in the Smith Road entrance from Rio Salado then head straight back and make a right towards Harkins and you'll see it.
I come to this Chipotle often, and it usually doesn't disappoint. Today, however, they were completely off. When I walked in, there were about 3 or 4 people in line in front of me, but only one guy on the line making their burritos/bowls/tacos etc., and the cashier walked away to wipe down tables. It wasn't until about 5 minutes later that another guy walked out and put on gloves to assist him. 
Then, when I got up to the counter, I ordered a steak bowl with guacamole to go. The portions this guy gave me were so small and when I mentioned possibly adding more rice, beans, meat, etc., he gave me a surprised look and scooped an extra edge of a spoonful into my bowl. I usually wouldn't mind getting a smaller portion, but for $9.15? Then when I got home, the steak was chewy and I ended up spitting out more than I consumed. Not too thrilled, I don't know what was up with them today.
Today there is a line to the door and your manager only has three people working the line! You need to learn to react better towards serving your customers. Also tell your manager (male) to pull his pants up. It's not professional...amongst other things! You guys have some work to do!
Every time I come here I receive excellent customer service and the manager Dusty is very personable and frequently greets guest by name as does JJ. They are both very professional and courteous. Great team leaders which reflects from the service given from this Chipotle's team members.
This chipotle is a staple of Tempe Marketplace fast food eats. You can never go wrong eating here - fast service prepared by friendly faces. What's not to love?
'Gourmet tamales', I think as I drive past this brand new strip mall on Durango, 'that's interesting.' In fact, I wasn't even sure it was open yet. So I stopped in about a week later with my mother, and learned it had been open for biz'ness about seven weeks.

I thought it might be like an upscale fast food place, but Espee's is definitely a sit down restaurant. They're making everything fresh in the back, and it took a bit. That was okay, because like all good Mexican places, they had a TV dedicated to soccer and a match had just started. I'm impressed with their menu -- it's a Mexican restaurant with nary a chimichunga or burrito in sight. 

My mother and I shared a small side of guac. (Verdict: okay) Espee's also has a free salsa bar, I liked the mango salsa quite a bit. For lunch, we had puffed tacos. (A taco with, basically, fry bread as the shell.) We played it conservative despite the menu, she had grilled chicken and I had fried hallibut. They were both amazing perfection and lovely at 3.99 each. The fried shell burnt my fingers as I gobbled it down.

I also did try one of the tamales, again playing it conservative with chicken. It was perfection, and the sauce was an interesting chicken gravy. This was also 3.99.

Due to awesomeness, I will be back soon to explore the more interesting items on the menu: eggplant parmesan, raisin and nuts and caramel apple tamales. On weekdays they have pozole, on Saturdays they have Menudo. They also have a beer selection.
We made it here for happy hour which offered some pretty good deals from 3pm-6pm.  2 for 1 margaritas...although I wouldn't call them margaritas technically...more like Tropical Smoothie w/ tequila..but who gives a crap at $2.50 a pop???  1/2 off nachos and 2 for 1 puffy tacos which is basically a pita made of cornmeal then deep fried w/ all the fillings of a taco.  They also had 5 coronitas for $4 which is a great deal too.  I may have to ride a bicycle here the next time I come.

The tamales were awesome.  $4 a pop but 2 would fill you up fine.  We also tried the chili relleno which was only ok.  The atmosphere is nothing special but the staff is supernice and Espee herself greeted all the patrons and was really sweet.  I hope this place is successful.
Oh Espee, you have gotten way too expensive.  A three item combo is, get this, SIXTEEN DOLLARS!   I can go to a beautiful restaurant like Agave and not pay this price for a taco meal.  And it really seems like the tamales at Espees have gotten smaller.  And the salsa bar is completely disgusting now - what happened to the pico de gallo? 

They still have a pretty good happy hour with 2 for 1 margaritas and half price nachos - but I had to knock down my four star review to a three because of the ridiculous prices and shrinking portions.  Why do order at the counter restaurants try to charge the same prices as a sit down restaurant?
I'm kind of torn on the rating here. On one hand, the food was mediocre. But on the other, the items were sexy cheap. 

So the thing that confused me, was this place had the word "gourmet" in its name. But you walk in and its like a Del Taco or Baja Fresh. You order from the counter. You bus your own table. 

You can order ala carte or you can order plate lunch style (one or two items plus refried beans and Spanish rice). They have lots of vegetarian or seafood options, always a plus for me. 

I was also confused about the service. I think it was supposed to be a strictly order-from-the-counter, get-your-own-fountain-drink kind of place, but because it was so slow, the counter help was more attentive and accommodating. 

I ordered a two-item combo, $8 or $9. I wanted to try the chile relleno and a gourmet eggplant parmesan tamale. My bf ordered a two-item combo as well, but he got a chile relleno and gourmet pork tamale. Our other friend just got the chile relleno, her favorite, she said. The chile relleno by itself was cheap, less than $4. 

After we put in our order, the counter girl came back to tell us there was only one chile relleno left, so of the three we ordered, two would have to be subbed out. So I sacrificed mine and my friend did, too. I ordered a fish puffed taco instead. 

Then she came back and told me they "found more chile rellenos" so we could all have our chile rellenos again. But I said I'd stick with the fish taco and just try a bite of my bf's chile. Then she came back out again and said they didn't have the eggplant parmesan. So I reverted back to the chile. I thought it was a little scary that they lost food and then found it. 

While you wait, they serve chips and there's a salsa bar. 

The food was well worth the price. The I've had better on the chile relleno, but then again, I did only pay $8 for a plate. The chile was pretty standard chile relleno. The puffed taco was a'ight. It was like a little taco salad on a flat, puffy corn tortilla. My only gripe with that item was the shredded cabbage was kind of not well shredded and clumsy. 

The only dessert they had was sopapillas. In one order, you get six small sopapilla triangles, no filling, with cinnamon and sugar and honey to dip. It wasn't great, but it was only $3-something. 

We actually hit this place up to meet with some business partners. The music was a little too loud to carry on a serious conversation. But my bf asked the counter girl if she could turn the volume down un poquito and she obliged. 

I would not go out of my way to try this place. I'd hit it up out of convenience. But I'd rather come here than Del Taco. 

* off-the-strip, non-casino.
customer service  - okay
presentation  - poor
atmosphere  - okay
taste  - poor

We spent around 28.00 for 2 people and got the same amount of food as you would get at a Chipotle for maybe 14.00 thing is not so much the same as the fact that neither me or my boyfriend where happy with our food. I LOVE LOVE LOVE tamales...these where not very good and they are pretty small. I got the green chili and cheese one and the desert one a la mode... they forgot my ice cream. My green chili tamale had a cream sauce with a strange texture to it- sort of jelly like. The taste was not much better.

Over all I really wasn't too happy with this place. Sorry folks.... I know it looks good- cute little sign and sounds simple enough yummy tamales but in my opinion not so great!!
Over priced...Not authentic Mexican!  Tamales are small and too expensive! the Chef and Owner need to re-think their whole menu and price. Not worth the money whatsoever!  The Tamales are about 1/3 of how big they should be! 
Don't bother there are better hole in the wall places worth your time, taste and money...Sorry Espee but your over priced, your tamales are too small and it's not authentic Mexican what you sell just a knock off of Chipotle!

HAHAHA THEY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS!
Let me admit one thing....my review is purely based on the fish taco..and a couple other things!
My wife and I cant get enough of the fish tacos....2 of my favs: fried tilapia...ummmmmmm....smoked salmon...yummy.

I had their chkn quesadilla once and it was really good too.

Also I like their guacamole...it comes on a tostada when ordered as a side...which is awesome with the guac.
Tex Tubb's Atwood location is a favorite of mine that I seldom find my way to, so when I learned that a west side location was in the works for the old Firefly property I was excited.  No longer would I have to wait for a show at the Barrymore to get my taco fix.  I always liked Firefly but I never really make it a destination.  When the west side Tex Tubb's Taco Palace opened a year ago my friends and I went for the Grand Opening.  We had seen exec chef K. W. "Tex" Tubb play around town before, including a memorable set at the Capital Bier Garten, and when we heard he would be playing at the opening we made it a point to be there.   I've been coming back regularly ever since.  

I was skeptical of the fish tacos at first.  I had heard of the phenomenon before but I wouldn't have had the guts to try them if not for the prodding of my friend.  I really loved them, so much that I wouldn't shut up about for pretty much the next week.  The blackened tilapia with the soft corn tortillas was my usual at the Atwood location and I never deviated since I'd usually not been in months.  With the west side location I've been more adventurous in my many repeat trips, and I can say I like all of the fish tacos but I have not tried the shrimp.  The carne asada, el pastor, chorizo, mushroom and ground beef are all good too.  I recently tried the fried avocado, and this is quite possibly my new all-time favorite.  I usually skip the side rice and beans and I've never tried the burritos.  I don't know if I ever will get off the taco side of the menu, in fact.  Decent burritos or enchiladas strike me as something that can be gotten anywhere, but a truly great taco is something worth seeking out.

The downsides to the west side Tex Tubb's: as with all Food Fight establishments the price is on the high side.  I don't like that chips and salsa cost three bucks, but I do like the new salsa bar.  It was one of the features of the Atwood location that I really missed.  Service while generally good can be lax, frustratingly so when the place doesn't seem to be that busy.  The clientele at the west side location skews more to the family set, so there can be a few screaming children to deal with.  Upsides: there is more room and outdoor seating, plus parking is a bit easier than the Atwood location.  $2.50 Lone Stars is a good deal no matter where you are, and a bucket of five is only eleven bucks.  There is apparently breakfast on the weekends, which I've not yet tried but seems like a good idea.  And most importantly excellent tacos, which is why I keep coming back.
Have been twice so far. Decent meal. Not spectacular but not bad either. Guacamole was WAY overpriced for the amount you get. And it's a bit annoying that you've got to pay for the chips. Not a huge fan of the salsa's there. Only three salsas available the evening I went, but was hoping for more, given we had to pay to get chips to dip into them!
I would give it 4 stars if the West Side location had a salsa bar like the original East Side Tex Tubb's. The black bean soup is hearty and good for the thousands of cold winter days in Madison. Try every type of taco at least once. My favorites are the veggie and grilled mahi mahi. Saturday and Sunday breakfast burritos are good after a late night out.
i had absolutely no complaints with tex tubb's.  great food, super friendly staff.  not too expensive.  all around good experience and i will return.
What we ordered:

- 1 fried avocado taco, 2 chicken tacos 

- chips and salsa

What we thought:
 
First, we didn't realize that the tacos came with default flour tortillas until too late.  We prefer corn and naively assumed that all tacos are served on corn tortillas.  I don't know why I assumed this.  Maybe because I've been eating tacos all my life and I've never been served a taco on a flour tortilla except at taco bell?  Nah, couldn't be that.  

They came really done up:  tomatos, sour cream, cheese, cabbage, carrots.  Very fancy.  Also very big.  I'm sure two would be enough for dinner.  We each ate one.  She said the fried avocado was gross, and that it was a great way to ruin avocado.  I thought the chicken sucked.  It was just boiled white meat.  Aren't you supposed to grill it a bit, or something?  

We would skip these if we came back and try something else.  

Also, tacos came with beans and rice.  They did this up a bit too, so the rice had like spices and veggies in it.  She didn't think it was an improvement on rice.  I liked it.  The beans had an off flavor, and were dry and too thick.  Looked like a lump off poo, to be honest.  And I don't like that kind of thing.

Chips and Salsa

Warning:  THEY CHARGE FOR CHIPS AND SALSA.  The nerve!  honestly.
I used to be a regular and had always been pleased with the tasty food and affordable prices. I've always ordered the same thing: chips and guac, mushroom tacos with rice and beans, and house margaritas on the rocks--these items have been consistently delicious up until the last couple of  times I've visited. After a brief hiatus I returned for lunch one day and learned that they had started defaulting to flour tortillas for the tacos instead of corn, which I thought was a big down grade. Last weekend I went for dinner, and I was really disappointed to get flour tortillas again even after specifically asking for corn. The tacos are not nearly as good now. Also, the chips, which used to be free, seem to be getting more and more expensive. I know that these are tough economic times, but come on--$2 for a tiny basket of chips? This past weekend we were charged for two servings of chips even though we only got one basket. Maybe they automatically charge by the number of people in the party? Or it could have been a mistake, I didn't check. 

Anyway, I'm sure I'll still visit on occasion, but I'm disappointed in the flour tortilla policy and the chip situation. Margaritas are still good, at least. :)
I had previously rated the Atwood location, and given it 3 stars because of the uniformly terrible service.  I have since eaten at the University Ave location.

ALWAYS GO TO THE UNIVERSITY AVE LOCATION.  Avoid the Atwood one--you'll sit there with an empty margarita glass for 20 minutes while the servers ignore you.

I love their fish tacos, particularly the shrimp ones.  I haven't eaten anything there that wasn't pretty good.  Coming from Missouri, I don't assume that I'll get corn tortillas without asking, but I can understand being annoyed about getting flour as the default.  The food is really good, and at the University Ave location, the service is excellent--we were seated immediately, our waitress was extremely attentive, and I was amazed at the speed with which our entrees were served.
Great drinks and great food. And they're very cool with kids (we have a 2 year old and I'm pregnant with yet another). Relaxed, nice atmosphere. and LOCAL cuisine. What's there not to love?
Tex Tubb's has an Austin vibe, with Willie Nelson for President posters and George Jones 8-tracks as decor.  The food is rather good, if not spectacular.  I'm a fan of the mushroom tacos (traditional style on corn tortillas) and two-dollar Shiners during happy hour from 4pm - 6pm.  It's a cozy place to go for a change of scene, and pretty dead-on for Austin-style Tex-Mex.
The man and I have been meaning to stop in the west side location for a while, now that we live in Middleton. The first time we went to Tex Tubb's it was at the Atwood location, for brunch, and we had less than stellar service. The second time we went, more recently, it had vastly improved. SO, we decided to give the University location a go, as well.

There's something that's missing at the west side  TTTP. The salsa bar, obviously(unless I just didn't see it, but our waitress never offered)...but even something beyond that. It just seems like a stripmallicized version of the Atwood location. 

Aside from THAT, the food was so-so. I wasn't as wowed by my blackened tilapia taco, and I thought both tacos(I also had catfish) had wayyy too much sloppy stuff. One had black bean puree, flavored mayo, AND guacamole. It was so gushy that I couldn't even taste the fish that was swimming(haha) around in the depths of goo.

The side of guac we ordered was so-so and less than flavorful. 

I also didn't appreciate being seated across from the side door which was totally drafty, either. 

The limeade was tart and tasty, though!

I'll go again, and try something else.
We went to the Atwood location.  Not impressed.  We all had Chicken Tacos and Chips & Salsa.  For one thing, they charge extra for Chips & Salsa.  Any other Mexican restaurant serves them up as part of the meal.  The tacos were swimming in water.  The chicken was not drained enough.  They completely fell apart.  They were also very tasteless. 

We seem to pass them all the time so we figured we would check them out.  We are from Dallas and can really appreciate a good taco meal.  This wasn't it.   We will continue to pass them up.
I felt really ripped off. I paid almost 5$ for a taco that would have filled up my cat, but certainly not myself. It was not even the size of my hand and there was one mini tiny piece of fish in it. It didn't even taste that good either.  Definite skip their prices are outrageous. I prefer Chipotle for big burritos :)
After running some errands my wife and I needed a place to grab a quick bite and we happened to be next to Tex Tubb's Taco Palace.  A quick taco sounded great!

WARNING:  This is not even close to authentic mexican or Tex-Mex food.  So if that is what you are looking for....go to Mexico or Texas because it is hard to find in Madison.

Walking in, it was decorated nice and a bit over the top but thats is the gimmick.  After sitting down I was a bit taken back that they charged $1.00 for chips and salsa.  OMG...$1.00...we got some and some queso dip as well.  The chips were very good and the salsa was decent.  The queso dip however lacked in flavor.

I had 2 different tacos.  The first was a soft shredded beef taco and the second I decided to go for the Philly Cheese Steak taco.  Both tacos were very good especially the Philly Cheesesteak taco.  It was different and I liked that.

My wife got the cheeseburger quesadilla and she enjoyed it very much (WARNING:  Food is very greasy and will give you gas).  I had some and thought it was...eh...it was ok.

So, I enjoyed Tex Tubb's and would eat there again if in the area but would not go out of my way to get it.  What was cool is they served tall boys of PBR!
I DID go again(for brunch this time), and tried something else like I had suggested to myself.

I don't know what it is about the west side location, but I just don't love it. The breakfast burrito I had was decent, but nothing stood out. His chorizo scramble was okay, as well...but we've had better at the El Dorado many times. This isn't a bad place, but it's not top on my list.
I still like the idea of Tex Tubb's but the execution has been really off the last couple of times I've been here.  I'll give any place the benefit of the doubt once, but I've unfortunately had three consecutive misses and I think the bloom is off the rose, at least for the University location.  I'm not one to hate on the Food Fight restaurants like some, but the standard trope that these places start off strong and fade down the line seems to be the case here.  I've always had a bit of an issue with the cost and sometimes the service, but the quality of the tacos had always more than offset any problems.  That hasn't been the case lately.  

My #1 complaint: flour tortillas instead of corn.  Three times now I've gotten flour despite specifically ordering corn tortillas.  The first time I sent it back with minimum hassle, but the last two were not fun.  On the second go-around I was initially told that I hadn't actually ordered corn tortillas and then that the even if I had the carne asada doesn't come that way (not true).  Since it was just a tortilla I gave up the argument but stiffed her on the tip and avoided the place for few months, until just recently.  This time I ordered the mushroom taco, and the server didn't linger after dropping off our order was gone before I noticed the error.  I wasn't able to flag anyone down and after 10 minutes or so I just ate the now-cold taco.  What's really annoying about this whole thing is that it's just a tortilla - normally I don't get too excited about tortillas.  If they completely got rid of the soft corn tacos I'd be disappointed but not crushed.  It's just that I prefer the corn tortillas and they're on the menu, so it pisses me off when I continue ordering them and never, ever get what I request.

If it were just the continual cockblocking on the tortilla front I'd be slightly histrionic but I'd survive.  After all, the fish tacos always come with corn tortillas.  But I think the whole experience lifted the scales from my eyes in a way since I started noticing that the deficiencies in the University location were beginning to show.  The chips are stale and the salsas mediocre.  My request for hot sauce went initially unanswered on two separate occasions, requiring a reminder.  The carne asada didn't taste nearly as good as I had remembered and the achiote tilapia was off.   We once waited a good five minutes at the front counter waiting for the hostess to get off the phone.  All of these little complaints are minor in their own right, but added up it makes me realize that my opinion of Tex Tubb's has turned.  I still enjoyed aspects of the place as much as I had before, but the negatives have outweighed the positives and I'd rather go elsewhere.
So although I've never actually set foot in the place, I've taken a gander at their menu and decided this place would be a complete let down, waste of time, and money --- and here's why:

You are charged for chips and salsa... complimentary at even at the holiest of hole in the wall mexican/tex-mex restaurants.

The tacos... $2.89 for a run of the mill taco in a FLOUR tortilla? Really? And the corn tortilla taco is a TOTAL bargain at $2.49. What a joke! In real, authentic mexican restaurants - like in Chicago, you could get 3 of the most fantastic steak or al pastor tacos for under $5.

That's pretty much all I needed to see to make my decision that I would never, ever go there. That, and if the quality of their other restaurants is any indication of Texas Tubb's... yeah, keep on walkin'!
I'm between two and three stars. I had the fish tacos and I have to say I prefer Pasqual's. He had the tacos, which I think he liked. And you have to pay for chips and salsa! :(
In my younger years, I walked out of a many of restaurants, in Madison, and elsewhere.  But I honestly cannot recall walking out of anyplace, anywhere, in the past 20 years.  The change is likely as much a result my better behavior, as it is in less surly service and better food when eating out.

Well, Tex Tubb's, you got me today.  I promise, I didn't make a scene.

It's Sunday and I stopped about 12:30 by to pick up a few tacos to take home for lunch after doing morning weekend work at my office.  When I arrived, there were a total of three other customers in the restaurant.  Two were sitting at the bar, appearing to be finishing breakfast and margaritas.  The third person was a young woman picking up a to-go order.  As soon as I sat down at the bar, the waitress and the to-go order gal got into a very extended "discussion" over a 30 cent discrepancy in the bill.  It took three or four readings of the menu and the same number of reviews of the bill for what appeared to be a possible resolution.   

As that little tiff was winding down with the first payment of the bill, the phone started ringing and the manager materialized from places unknown.  She went behind the bar, and took an extended  telephone order.  As soon as she was done with that, she went back to to-go girl and engaged in yet another extended discussion which resulted in re-running the debit or credit card with a 30 cent credit. 

Meanwhile, the first waitress disappeared.  Customers started coming in.  Another waitress appeared.  But still not even a greeting for me.  Since I am now a mature diner, I told myself to sit tight, they would get my order in and I would be on my way quickly.  After all, for a good 10-15 minutes, I was the only person physically present in the place who wanted to place an order.  

But, no.  Manager finally came over and gave me a menu and I ordered a soda as that seemed doable.  Then manager disappeared never to be seen again.  Many customers were coming in.  Looked like lots were coming from the Trek ride on the Square.  Waitresses 1 & 2 were having a hard time deciding which tables they were going to wait on, but, for sure, they were not going to take my order.  One guy from an early arrival table was literally chasing one of the waitresses to come and take an order as it was easy to see now what was going on.  So, I just got up and left.  Not sure anyone saw me.   I am sure no one cared.

I agree with many of the reviewers that the quality of the food took a nosedive some time ago.  It's never as good as it once was but I would say you get good decent food about 70% if the time.  If you get the right bartender, they will make you a really fine Patron silver margarita on the rocks.  I will tip them 15% on a to-go order just for that.  The fresh salsa bar is a choice amenity.  No chance for a margarita today.  No need for the salsa bar.  One star today.

Maybe the metrics work for you here, Kevin, but you gotta do better than this, at least that's MHO.
I will eat here when a friend insists, but I think almost every time I've eaten here, I have gotten diarrhea.  And the food isn't worth the diarrhea.  Its kind of bland.  And its overpriced.  Just my opinion though.  I know lots of people are ga-ga over this place.
Only been once... won't be back.  I really really really wanted some fish tacos and they are fairly close so we tried it out.  We eat out with our baby a lot (she is under one) so we go at odd hours (to annoy less people), so keep that in mind (they probably didn't have their A game on).  

Drinks were meh and the tacos were AWFUL.  I feel like I would have been better off going to taco bell (they don't have fish tacos but I would have felt more satisfied by eating their bad Mexican food than I did by eating Tex Tubb's fish tacos).  I consulted with the waiter about my fish tacos (you have four options) and decided to try the Achiote Tilapia, Fried Catfish and Marinated Shrimp.  Shrimp was overcooked, the Tilapia was ... well, the Achiote seasoning is all burn and no flavor, but it's not even that hot! (and it's on almost everything on the menu, which is why I'm not excited to give them another try)  The Catfish was the best but that isn't saying much. 

Service was pretty good though!
I went once and wasn't impressed.  I tried it again and it didn't fare any better.
Sigh - another restaurant going downhill in Madison. I don't know if Kevin Tubb is still involved here, but I suspect he isn't anymore since things have changed over the past year, and not for the better. Tex's used to have the best queso in town - and I know it was Kevin's recipe - but sometime in the past 12-24 months they changed the recipe and it is now bland and watery and a big step backwards. I'm sure it's cheaper to make, but damn, it used to be really good. The other thing we noticed is that there is way less of the good stuff (i.e. meat) in the quesadillas and burritos. The last time I was there, about 6 months ago, I actually peeled open my smoked duck quesadilla (which used to be packed with duck) to see if there was, indeed, any duck present, since all I could taste was onion and pepper. I haven't been back since, which is a shame because it used to be a regular stop for me, my guy, and my kids.
Went here for Sunday for brunch with the man. We're regulars at Tex Tubb's and thought this was worth a try. Big mistake. 

For at least the first 20 minutes we were the only people in the restaurant, but it still took the waitress 15 minutes to get us soda and water, which she then failed to refill for a good 30 minutes. Food arrived cold and was sent back. My chorizo burrito was good, but very low on actual chorizo. The man's pancakes were excellent. Tacos were bland and greasy. 

Their menu looks like it's got potential, but for the higher prices I'd expect a waitress that's actually attentive and food that's well done. Sticking to Atwood from now on.
Nostalgia and familiarity is the reason why this place gets 4 stars instead of 3. I'm originally from the Austin, TX area and this place has done it proper...right down to the Joe Ely posters! 

Unfortunately it took a long time to get our food but when the migas finally hit the table they proved to be somewhat worth the wait. The food was close to the typical tex-mex fare that you could find in Austin, but it was nothing to write home about.
We went here kind of in a drive by sort of way looking for a BBQ place in Madison while we were on a short job.  The staff were SO friendly and the food was really quite good.  We had the brisket sandwich and a chicken sandwich and weren't disappointed. 
The owner came by to talk to us and gave us directions to the best custard place which was a really nice touch.
I love Chipotle.
The food always tastes fresh and the ingredients are the above standard. The design of the great, simple, modern and ergonomic.
Chipotle uses only natural meats, not factory farmed hormone injected animals. And some of the beans are organic. 
Although the menu choices seem limited, burrito, tacos or bowl, the combinations are endless with the different types of meat, beans, salsas, etc. The menu is more than accommodating to vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike. They serve domestic and Mexican bottled beers as well as fountain drinks. The portions are huge, the burritos could easily be mistaken for a newborn baby wrapped in tin foil.
Don't be put off by the lunch line. No matter how long the line is, which it is usually really long, you will get your food fairly quickly. I have spent many lunches here when the line was nearly out the door I was still in and out in a reasonable time.
It is refreshing to have a business that actually cares and at the same time serve an amazing product.
Chipotle is a godsend for my little area of Phoenix, where it seems quite difficult to eat vegetarian unless I cook at home. While there always seems to be a line out the door, it moves faster than you'd think. On top of that, the food is awesome! I have never once been disappointed with my food and neither has anyone that I have exposed Chipotle to. For having such a small and specific selection of items, the set-up is great and possibilities seem endless. I love that the meat served here is natural, meaning no hormones and better taste!
The atmosphere is cozy, clean and simple. 
The only reason I had to give this place only 4 stars is due to service. When you go thru the line and the staff asks you what what you would like on your salad, tacos or burrito, they ask as they are already spooning it on. On more than half occasions here they have had to remove ingredients or redo my food, but they never mind having to do the correction. So if you see a topping that you would prefer not to have, my advice is to scream it out before your food makes its way even remotely close to the item. I can promise you won;t be disappointed with your end result, though.......always yummy!
They are owned by McDonalds*. Anyone of the Yelp persuasion would have to want to hate them for this; but can they? I can not.

I would like my apartment to look exactly like a Chipotle with a big comfy couch. The decorating is just industrial, modern, hip. The jazz and blues piping in over the brished metal just makes me want to hang out all day; as does a stomach full of huge burrito.

The burritos are huge and delicious. I go barbacoa every time...Choice of beans? I like my beans like I like my women...Pinto. I actually get black and they rarely laugh at this joke.

Everything tastes freshly made. I even love the chips and guac. What do they do to those chips to make them so delightful? The savior of fast food joints at last!


*I was just informed that they are no longer owned by McDonalds.
Chipotle makes life easy.

They serve 3 things.

Burritos, Tacos, and Salads.

Just 3.


But they serve those 3 things THOUSANDS of ways,
With or without 3 kinds of meat (and yes, you can have a little of each.... I have done that when I couldn't decide), with or without any of 7-10 different ingredients. And yes, you can have your burrito without the tortilla.

Don't expect table service.  What you get is glorified fast food.  The disadvantage is that you have to get your own meal in line.  The advantage is that you don't have to wait, and you get it exactly the way you want it.

The food is healthy.  Healthy, as in not full of chemicals.  It is still gonna have all the calories... maybe even a few extra, but  the meats are hormone and antibiotic free, the beans are organic, and the sour cream is hormone free too.

I don't eat the tortillas... i'm into the bowls.
I fricken love Chipotle.

The perfect PMS If-I-see-this-person-ever-again-I'm-going-to-explode-so-you-better-calm-me-down food.

One of the few fast food joints that serves MARGHERITAS. Woohoo!! (wow, would I be classified as a lush? I better change my title)

Their chips and salsa is very tasty.  Not too hot and not just tomatos.

I like the bowls... makes a good two meals for me.  Doesn't go bad in the few hours 'til dinner.  The black beans are awesome, although sometimes you get a spicy part that hits ya right in the throat... then you just drink your margherita and you're good. lol

Outdoor seating with misters in the summer, heaters in the winter.

The modern look inside is awesome. Makes me think of Ikea, but I know it's not from there.

At least I hope not.  That would ruin it for me.

The best thing... it's a chain fast food restaurant, without tasting like a chain.
Chipotle has decent food, but I don't like the lack of choices.
I just like Baja Fresh better, and if there were one close by, I'd probably not go to Chipotle.

On one hand, if you're ever at Metro Center and get mugged or assaulted and wonder where are all the police officers, just check Chipotle, as there are usually half a dozen squad cars in the parking lot at any given time.
I will never understand why places like Chipotle (even Taco Bell) who have all the food precooked, and all the server has to do is scoop it into a tortilla or dish and wrap it up, can still manage to work so slowly as to get their line backed up for 15 minutes with only a few people in it (as if I'm at a Subway)!   I am not at all prejudiced against hippydreadlock folk based on appearance, but the rasta chick happened to be the problem this night, since she was moving in slow motion like she was blazed off of her gourd.

I don't understand why I can get as much salsa as I want, on the side in a cup, with my burrito and there's no charge, but as soon as I order a bag of tortilla chips then i HAVE TO pay for that same cup of salsa.

Still good food when it's what you're in the mood for, but this particular Chipotle loses a star for gross incompetence.
First time to this Franchise and this location. Well lit, in strip mall, good parking and no line at 7:30 pm. I ordered a Taco meal, menu did not specify how many Taco's included. You are asked soft or crispy tortilla ( make sure your tortilla is steamed nice a hot ), by the time I started to eat mind, it was cold. Next choose your meat, ( make sure meat is stirred ) my meat was cold. Next you get to choose, lettuce, salsa, sour cream, guacamole ( extra cost ). Needless to say my Taco's was cold and soggy ( to much salsa ). But my beer was cold! My friend had a chicken Burrito, it was okay, not warm, soggy, taste was okay. The employees tried to be friendly but I could tell they did not want to be there. Total for this visit-meal 1 Taco meal, 1 Burrito, 1 Beer and 1 small fountain drink was $20.00.
Pretty good going down, but the fire is still coming up on me 5 hours later! I guess I should have gone with the mild instead of hot.
This Chipotle location is always busy. The line depending on when you go can be close to out the door. There is indoor and outdoor seating in a clean atmosphere. There are three things they serve Burritos, Tacos, and Salads they want to create it.  Then four options for children. The meat is free of chemicals, beans are organic and the vegetables are purchased from local farmers. The food is always good, but the chips seem to always taste stale.
I heart Chipotle. I HATE this location!! There is always this little black kid chilling outside trying to sell stuff. Does this kid even have a business license? If I were the owners of this Chipotle I would shut this kid down asap! He is literally there all the time. It doesn't matter what time of the day I go or which day I go he is always there with his plastic container. He tries to look all sad so people feel sorry for him and buy whatever he is selling. When I get up in the morning and get out the door I feel pleasant, but this kid just ticks me off every time I see him. I don't want to be harassed by some sad puppy dog looking kid every time I want to pick up Chipotle. For the love of God people!

What is truly sad is I go to Chipotle at least once a week and this location is closer to my house than the one on Camelback, but I rather go to the one on Camelback! This location needs to grow some balls and get rid of loiters trying to bother loyal customers.
This location gets pretty packed at lunchtime during the week.  But that goes the same for every Chipotle I've ever been to. The staff here has a good system down, it might just be me but I prefer efficiency over someone chatting me up.  The line can be wrapped to the door and I know I will still be through the line in no time.  Plenty of seating (indoor and outdoor) to accommodate all those people as well.

The only gripe I have is the parking, it can be pretty cutthroat at times.  I've given up before and just parked at PetSmart before.  After discovering a calorie counter online I've ditched the tortilla on my burrito and just said no to sour cream.  Saved me about 500 calories!
We love Chipotle. but Do not like this location at all.. somehow there was no flavor.. the fajitas were tasteless and we were really upset, somehow ... Its just that we were in the area and wanted Chipotle and went to this location. I would not go back there again. 

After 2 days we ate at Chipotle again but the one that is closer home Happy Valley one, as we got our same flavor back, that is when we decided we will stick to our location.
Stopped by tonight before they closed and I got my self a burrito with rice, pinto beans,grilled chicken,guacamole,corn salsa,cheese and sour cream. I liked it..try it and if you like it take me out to eat and buy me another burrito :)
Chipotle is the new Subway... everyone loves a burrito for lunch.  Their burritos are yummy but for some reason, I'm not full after eating this huge gut bomb.  

Someone should have a Chipotle burrito eating contest... I'm sure to win only to be suddenly rushed to the hospital for a double bypass surgery.
I love Chipotle.

This location is not my usual one but we come here sometimes when my girlfriend is on lunch break from class.  The store is pretty clean and the staff is friendly.  I am a big fan of the chicken soft tacos.  Get a cheese quesadilla to go with them and you are all set.
I am a huge fan of Chipotle but I will never come back to this location. The staff looks miserable and are SLOW. The cashier decided she would rather clean tables then ring people up so we waited for her to come back. Most of the tables were already clean so she could of waited to clean. The rice was crunchy like it wasn't cooked all the way and the steak was really chewy. Never again!
Went on Tuesday night was waiting for a friend to fly in from Tampa. Her plane was late and  had some time to kill so went here since it was close to the hotel. I had the chicken burrito with pinto beans and rice. For a little extra I had the guacamole and it was worth it. A bag of chips, salsa, and a beer and I had the makings of a great dinner. I usually have the carnitas but the chicken tasted like it was fresh off the BBQ grill.  These burritos are huge! The service was great and the tables are clean. Check out this place when you are in the Metroplex area.
me and my wife got the chicken burrito and it was tasteless,greasy and full of qrizzly
You really can't say too much about Chipotle, you are either a fan or you are not!  I am a fan of their salads and their soft tacos (on corn tortillas actually).  The people behind the counter making your food are always nice and always have a smile on their faces!
The place has amazing food. Tacos. Burritos. Chips. All of it tastes great. The only thing holding me back from a 4 star review is that this place is a zoo at lunch time.  Yes every place is busy at lunch...as expected. But often this location has a line out the door. The food is good....but not that good. Try a pick up order if you are in a hurry.
I have never been a big fan. 
BUT
The kids taco meal with Barbacoa, rice, chips and a drink for $4.01...perfect for a lunch. 

Staff was nice, place was clean.
We enjoyed the food, the most disturbing part was when two men in plan cloths walked in with "OPEN AND CARRY" guns.  While this might be legal in Arizona, I personally felt uneasy and very unsafe.  The manager asked us how everything was and I said the food was great but I do not care to see guns in a restaurant unless they are on the police officers and we quickly walked out.  I will not do business with a company that allows 'OPEN AND CARRY FIREARMS" on a person while I am eating.
Great Mexican food. Everything taste great and staff is quick and friendly. I recommend this to anyone. Average meal per adults is $7 and $4 for kids.
This is the first time I had been to any Chipotle, and I was not impressed. The girl only seemed to half listen and kept trying to rush me. Now, despite it being my first time, I already had an idea of what I wanted, since everyone at my internship eats there. So I knew what they had, but when I told her what I wanted she would either start to mess it up and I would repeat it again (always before she had a chance to put anything on it) and she acted exasperated that I wasn't just willing to take whatever she was about to put on it. Also, it was ok food, I won't rave about it but I didn't dislike it either. Better than some and for quick and convenient not bad. So I may try it again at another location, but definitely won't eat at that location again since I do not like being rushed to the point where I don't get what I want when ordering.
Love this place!!
6 pm Friday night- out of hard shells!!! Wtf? Worthless. I refused to order anything else.  We drove here specifically because we love chipotle, but have never been to this location. Never again!
I was a big Chipotle fan but the Chicken has gone down hill.
It's Chipotle.  I mean what else can you say that hasn't already been said? This location is always busy no matter when you come, but the food is good (albeit it is getting expensive) and the service has been good. Just remember, get to this location early if you want to eat and be able to sit, otherwise you are out of luck!
Fast service as usual, and they are always nice. The food tastes great and the prices are very good for what you get.
Went to this location for lunch today! No complaints whatsoever! The music was loud for 11am but we are young and don't mind. The line was a little long but was quick. The portions seemed to be accurate according to other trips to chipotle. There was someone to promptly ring in our order and take our money. Restaurant was clean. Perfect lunch today!
I am always impressed by the chipotle chain. I came in around lunch time and there was a line to the door but I waited only 3 minutes (at most) to order. Customer service is still great even at the fast pace they are working at. Some of the food is a bit spicy for my taste but I love the barbacoa and guacamole!!
Great place to get food.... If you can find a parking spot. 

Stopped in for some late afternoon lunch at what is known as the MetroCenter location (even though technically it is just outside of 'Metro' off of 30th ave and Peoria). Even at around 3pm there was a nice little line there, though it moved quickly enough for me. This location stays pretty busy and there aren't many times when there isn't a line. 


The food? 

Fresh and good. They do a great job there and the quality was fine by my snobbish Chipotle standards, which I acquired over my many years of eating burrito bowls and epic-sized burritos and chips. Anyway, the atmosphere is also nice and they keep this location clean. They also stop by your table and ask you how everything is and if there is anything else you need (while your stuffing your face full of beans, rice and chicken), my answer is always a muffled "mmm, gweat" as I try not to appear rude but also not wishing to speaking with my mouth full. 

The parking? 

Not so great. It shares a lot with what seems like two other strip malls that are adjacent and sometimes parking can really be challenge of suburban proportions. I got lucky this last time but I've also have gotten frustrated before trying to get in a spot, fighting a Tahoe, and avoiding glares from 40 something year old women as I beeline to the Chipotle door trying not to look at them after out maneuvering them for a spot. This is really my only negative with this location. The parking isn't great. 

Other than that, I love the food, the staff, the atmosphere of the location, and getting one over on the suburban mom/professional parking lot navigator, who normally swipes my spot with four kids inside and offers only a heartless sunglass-laden glance as I try to find another parking spot with my head down after getting worked over by them.
I am an avid Chipotle-er and I have been disappointed with this location on four separate visits! Dirty, slow line. One time the pico de gallo was so spicy I could barely eat it (and I like spicy!). They opened 10 minutes late one day and I spent my lunch break waiting for the doors to open... had to leave to make it back to work before I even got to order. During another visit, I waited five minutes for the fajitas to be made (they were close to raw!) on a Saturday around dinner time and watched the two people on the line bicker and mis-communicate through orders. The line stretched to the door. I was told the guacamole would take 20 minutes to make. No offer was made to make up for these shortcomings.
When it comes to the quality of the food, all locations are the same... good. However, not all locations are equal in their level of service or consistency in product. This is by far the best location of the two other nearby. The people are friendly. We eat here often enough that many of the employees know it's and recognize us when we come in. They know what we order and are always pleasant. At most other locations you have to fuss at them to put more than five grains of five and two beans in your bowl, but not here. The only time they get a little stingy is when they are busy, so it is more out of being rushed than anything else. If you're coming for dinner you need to be here slightly before five or after seven. All other times there will be a considerable line.
Terrible service. Workers were rude, thought i was lying, nothing else to say. Won't be coming back to this location.
I work near this location come here a lot. I am a Chipotle addict so it's not hard to please me... But this location slangs out solid bowls every time I come. Not stingy on their ingredients and never have to wait too long.
Love the quality ingredients that make up a Chipotle meal.  This particular location is closest to where I work so I frequent it a lot.  Only reason I do not give it 5 stars is due to the limited parking spaces available.  There are a lot of other businesses near by and the spots nearest to the restaurant seem to always be full or almost full.
I love Chipotle. However, I absolutely hate coming to this location. 1st: The parking is awful. There is never anywhere to park. 2nd: this location is so slow. The workers are more concerned about socializing, eating, or standing around. Just recently, I went during rush hour dinner time. When I was walking in, there were 2 workers on the patio talking about how they are going back to work late. Then as I'm standing in the huge line, I see 3 additional staff get in line. There was 2 people making the food and one person checking out. Those making the food were so slow and could care less about the line. 3rd: The staff is so rude. At all other locations, the staff greet you as soon as you enter and again as soon as you get up to order and again when checking out. At this location the staff say nothing. When you get up to order, they stair at you till you talk. When you ask for something, it's always done with eye rolls and moans. During the same visit as discussed before, there was a lady behind me with a little girl under 5. The lady and her little girl waited in line for over 20 minutes. Mom kept telling the daughter they had to get this for dad and couldn't leave. When she got up to order, she asked the girl for a kids meal to go. She asked for it to be put in a bowl because her girl couldn't have shells because she has a gluten allergy. The server began to fight with the lady refusing to put it in the bowl. Some guy came from the back, who I assume was a manager, and continued to fight with the lady. In the end, they made the lady pay for an adult bowl.  These staff members do not care about the customers or anything but themselves. This is the worst Chipotle ever. DO NOT GO HERE. The BEST Chipotle is only a few miles away on 59th Ave and Northern. Drive the few extra miles to this FABULOUS Chipotle!!
This location is extremely 'group friendly.'  I just made up that term, but it's true... I've been to this Z a handful of times with large groups and I've never been disappointed.  Maybe it's because it's a central location and they've got a private lot for parking... or perhaps it's because of those chambord margaritas? or is it the chips and salsa? or the cornbread?  Whatever the reason, I'm giving this Z a 4 star review because of previous good meals and for the excellent service we had tonight.

I called in the afternoon and had no problem getting a reservation.  Julie who answered the phone was really sweet (always a good sign), and Matt, our server, was extremely personable and attentive.  We had a group of 8 - including a few picky eaters.  We started with chips (which are house-made) and salsa, guacamole, and grilled shrimp & guacamole tostada bites... On top of that, the GM brought us over the beef tostadas and shrimp & pork dumplings - this was a very sweet gesture and much appreciated - we finished every last bite of both!  The dumplings were cooked to a golden brown and really tasty.  The beef tostadas were yummy also; I think these are both new menu items that are being tested - hopefully they will stay since they were both pretty impressive!

After sampling all of that, I still somehow managed to eat my dinner salad with a light lime vinagrette dressing; it was good but nothing special.  (Nothing like their Achiote Chicken Chopped Salad which is my favorite menu item to order when I go to Z for lunch)... And then my 'Grilled Miso Salmon' entree - actually, not as good as I remembered, but tasty nonetheless... other entrees at our table included the halibut special, blackened tuna, porcupine shrimp, seafood enchiladas, and a couple of entree salads.  Everyone was happy and left full - and for just over $30 a head including tip... not bad!

I'll be back to visit this Z again soon for sure... it's a safe bet no matter your reasons, and it's great for groups!  Word of caution: be careful with the chambord margaritas - they dangerously good!
I too had the privilege of dining here this evening and found the food and service to be the best its been in years.  I have always had a great experience dining at Ztejas.  Normally I tend to take a first date here as the margariatas can turn a 5 or 6 into a 10. (no explanation necessary).  Anyhow, tonight i didn't drink as I wanted to fully appreciate the food and focus on giving it a thorough evaluation. Our waiter was great, my water was consistenly being filled and the GM was very hospitable.  I had the grilled shrimp and guacamole tostada bites for an appetizer.  Wow, were these delicious.  Fresh guac, shrimp was grilled to perfection and tostadas were fresh as well.  I also Inhaled my own cornbread.  If you are looking to carboload before a big cardio day or race, this is for you! I then had my normal  red chile and mango steak salad as the main. I typically have an appetite fit for a pro wrestler, but tonight after my own cornbread and shrimp tostadas... I couldn't finish my main course. I also believe the portions are generous.  for 11 bucks a steak salad with fresh meat and mangos is a very good deal and certainly economical compared to most restaurants.  Anyhow, it was a fine dining experience from service to food and I will definitely be back there to take down some ritas, tortiallas, and maybe some chicas! just kidding.
Z Tejas is solid.  It consistently delivers good food and good service.  I enjoying lunching with clients here and I enjoy coming by later on for cocktails or chambord margs and appetizers.  I chose Z Tejas for my bridesmaid luncheon as well in January -- I agree with Gabi, they are 'group friendly'.
I've always enjoyed Z Tejas, or should I say I've always enjoyed the drinks at Z Tejas...

 A while back, I had a few too many drinks and accidentally flashed this little old lady... at least she was the only one I caught looking (I'll just say that I had a minor dress malfunction and thanks to their great margaritas my reflexes were not that quick)! 

I've been here numerous times with all different types of people and age groups, it seems to please most everyone.  The food is pretty good, some of my fav's: fish tacos, enchiladas, and some kind of creamy, spicy pasta.  The menu has enough variety to please different types of palates and the drinks pack a punch.  The last time I visited Z Tejas I went on a Sunday and was pleasantly surprised to find a Bloody Mary bar with lots of fun mix-ins.
The salads here are big and flavorful and I really enjoy the warm cornbread that they bring out before your meal.  It's a nice difference from breads and rolls most restaurants serve.  I've never had to wait and the service this last time was great.  My water was continually filled (and I drink tons so it's a challenge with me). The first time I went I sat in the bar area and the service was significantly slower, but considering it was a weekend night I suppose it's somewhat understandable.  I will continue to meet up with friends here.
Z Tejas, I find this place constant, the restaurant serves cornbread, as Chris Rock says, "there's nothing wrong with that."  

Happy Hour, check out the reverse happy hour its always popular.  The Champagne margarita is strong and taste great for a sweet drink.
There Happy Hour is great!  1/2 off App's - everything on the app list is amazing - especially the shrimp and catfish taco's!  And they have the MOST amazing marg - it is made with Chambord (sp?) and you are limited to only 3 b/c they are so damn strong!  Wish the crowd was hipper - it seems to be a bunch of old folks - but that could be b/c we go some damn early!  Service is always great - food is always good - and there Berry Cobler will rock your world!  I am going tonight and can't wait!
Please come to Hawaii. Please? 

This is some of the best chain Southwestern food I've ever had. I was skeptical: I come all the way to Scottsdale from Hawaii and want Mexican and my friend takes me to some chain in a mall? Great. 

However, I was quite impressed by the freshness and quality of the food - my relleno was very good - and the 'ritas were tasty as well. Flavorful food, reasonable prices, strong drinks: what more do you need?

Seriously, Z'Tejas. If you come to Hawaii I'll let you crash on my couch.
Awesome Happy hour + Chambord margs = even more awesomeness!

I love this place. Even full price their amazing margaritas are still a bargain. But go for happy hour, regular or reverse, it's the best!

Southwest Caesar is aces, so is the mac and cheese!
I'm a sucker for anything even resembling Mexican food, so it was a pretty sure bet I was going to like Z'Tejas.  We went for happy hour and while I thought that 1/2 off appetizers was a great deal, I felt that the $1 off margaritas and 50 cents off beers was a little on the stingy side.  Call me cheap, but 50 cents?  I mean....c'mon!

The appetizers were yummy.  We especially liked the catfish tacos and the quesadilla.  The cornbread was delicious, as well (oh, sweet, sweet carbs....)

I had heard friends RAVE about the Chambord Margaritas and let me say, mine was STRONG.  I can see why they cut you off at 3.  If I had put down a couple more of these, I wouldn't have been able to remember my name.  All in all, a great dining experience.
GREAT MARGARTAS!  Still, I'm not a fan of chain restaurants.  If you're looking for really authentic Mexican, don't go here- BUT this place isn't bad if you just want some Mexican cuisine.  

I've been here with friends and family and the margaritas always make it a good time.  My food has never been that memorable though.
I am at the Z a lot this time of year---it is the place I always take out of town guests to get a taste of southwestern food that is not the standard fare and there is a patio to enjoy the great weather. 
Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, bar none. Also, the best margaritas--my favorite is the house margarita made with chambord, but there is a martini styled one that is great as well.  
I have tried everything on the menu in the last several years and there is really not anything I would not suggest trying--but the crispy salmon is one of my favorites. I usually fill up on chips and salsa though and get one of their good dinner sized salads. Still miss their crispy shrimp--maybe one day they will bring it back. 
Service is almost always good and quick. 
Friday nights are fun--when I get there around 7 most of the happy hour crowd is crawling out and tables open up. I actually think the mix of tourists, left over happy hour crowd and families is a great mix. It loud, casual and laid back. Wish there were more places like it in the area.
I was in town on business, and friends of a friend invited me to dinner here.  Excellent frozen margaritas.  Very tasty.  I had the green chile enchiladas which were nicely prepared, and not your typical Mexican restaurant fare.  Cornbread was a nice touch, and very good, as well.  Caramel cheesecake was huge and shared by three people.  Nice place.  Service was good.  I would go back again.
Definitely one of my favorite chain restaurants!!!  Obviously their margaritas are to die for (I prefer the sangria swirl...or whatever that is :-)  Appis are awesome and very fulfilling...shrimp tostada bites are always a fav as well as the green pork chili w/warm tortialls.  The Jerk Chicken salad is always safe, but then again, I can't say that I've ever had a bad meal here....great happy hour, sunday brunch (i.e., bloody mary's)...can't go wrong and you know what you're getting!!
i found our server to be completely fake, and somewhat condescending. she just seemed to tolerate our party of 2. she was less than attentive, providing no plates or silverware for our appetizers - i remedied the situation by getting them myself. the margarita was very good and a fair value during happy hour, which was not crowded at all.
I joined friends for lunch at the Tatum location and was really, really pleased.  The service was friendly.  The atmosphere was really nice, and the food (I had the taco lunch special) was outstanding!  I will definitely be back to this location, and it has me curious enough to try some of the other locations as well.
mmmmmmmmm............cornbread........the jerk chicken salad is my favorite. So goood. Great margaritas.
i recently stopped by for lunch with a group from work. i'm upping the star rating to 4 for three reasons:

1. the sign restricting firearms on the door. i like dining without guns. 
2. service was really, really good. when 1 server can handle a table of 16 and make it look easy i'm impressed.
3. my jerk chicken salad was really, really good.
Ok, here's the thing. This place is the favorite of one of my co-workers, so she always wants to head here after work (for the famously strong margaritas everyone else raves about.)  However, I'm a beer man, and there are only about 5 choices here, which are a whopping 50 cents off during happy hour. When my waitress first told me that, I just stood there and looked at her, waiting for her to tell me that she was just kidding. She didn't. 

Of all the things I have eaten here, probably the most memorable was the pulled pork nachos which I just had yesterday. I was expecting a plate piled high, but to my surprise they brought out the plate and there were.... 6.  Six nacho chips, arranged in a circle on my plate.  I felt pretty cheated at first.

However, they were pretty big chips... and they were loaded with heaping helpings of pulled pork which was really pretty good.  Often I think this place tries to be too fancy with their food, but these were just mounds of bbq goodness. Throw a little guac on top (a combo I never thought of trying) and I was extremely satisfied. Of course the 3 beers (which I saved 50 cents on - each) helped out with that.

So minus one star for the happy hour specials, lack of beer choices,  and the pretentiousness, and the rest is all good.
The live music on Fridays totally blows.  I prefer the tempe location. Chambord marg is to die for.
Z'Tejas is one of those places (for me, at least) that I totally forget about until someone says "hey, what about going to Z'Tejeas?" Then, I remember "ohhh the margaritas!!: 

This past Saturday night, this is just what happened! Living only a mile from the Phoenix Open, there wasn't a place around with less than a 90 minute wait and some friends and I were starving. One friend reminded us of Z's and they got us in for a table of 7 quickly. No apps were needed as we devoured the cornbread. Even my little baby boy gobbled some up, too!

I got the wild mushroom enchailada and a pomogrante margarita. DE-LISH! I devoured it all! Then, I ordered margarita numbero dos. For someone who doesn't consume a lot of alcohol, I became Miss Chatty Cathy. But, I like this place a lot. There can be a lot of people there, but you don't feel crowded because the seating is nicely spaced. I've even sat at the bar seating before and never felt like anyone was in my personal space. 

Now, I have just got to remember to think of it when going to dinner.
Big fan of this chain. Love the chicken artichoke dish and the voodoo tuna. Recently discovered brunch, I got the quesadilla with tomatillo sauce and it was delicious. My man got the french toast, big, fluffy and tasted like candy. 

Now the best part: $3 your choice of vodka and a MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY BAR!!! Whoohoo! They have everything you can possibly imagine, including 4 different mixes to choose from.
This has been a favorite "chain" of mine for quite sometime. For some reason whenever there is a family gathering we go to Zzzzs. My favorite part about this place is the hot waiter that I always get lucky to have-I'm pretty sure his name is Chase. He's beefy, just like the burgers! Also, try the killer margaritas, they will definitely kick your ass (especially the next morning).
Yelper's unite!! You people were not kidding when you said they have an awesome happy hour and margarita's! As I am a huge fan of margarita's and I believe not many places know how to make them right, Z Teja's did not disappoint. I look for a margarita that is swift to knock you right on your ass. There, I admitted that I like to have the tequila kick when I drink. I had one (ok I lied two) of their raspberry swirl margarita's (which I cannot tell you what the hell they called it) that almost looked too pretty to drink. However, I was disappointed in their nachos as I thought they would have all the glorious toppings besides just black bean cheese and lettuce....come on people step up the Mexican. They also had cornbread which was brought out like bread, and I love cornbread but not sure I liked the actual pieces of corn?! New Englanders are not used to our cornbread that way....But I really think this place has its drinks together, and I wouldn't mind going back again sometime....
Coming in from out of town, I wanted something southwest-y, and didn't actually realize this was a chain (yelp on a blackberry is only so helpful). I think this place is what Chilis wants to be. The food was very good, and reasonably priced. The drink we got (a hibiscus margarita) was as good as the other reviews claim - $ 8 for about a 4 oz drink. The cornbread before the meal was delicious (one of the highlights) and all of our meals were quite good. Entrees were in the $11-25 range. I'm not super excited about it, it's definitely got that chain vibe, but I have no complaints.
Oh, and this location has a rather nice patio, and is right next to a TCBY =)
Great Happy Hour specials.  Good prices even outside of happy hour.  

Love the Pork verde dish on the appetizer menu, but you wouldn't go wrong with any of the appetizers or dinner items.  Drinks are a bargain.  Their Patron Fusion is by far the strongest margarita I've had in the valley and very tasty.  

You definitely wouldn't go wrong dining here!
Went here with my 2.5 yo son, 2 girl friends and their 1.5 and 2 yo children.  So since I'm a momma any place that "allows" children (really, just has paper menu and crayons and little juice cups with a lid and straw) and is patient, is automatically a 3 star. 

But even better the food was delicious - had the chicken quesadilla (from appetizer menu) and a southwest caesar salad since my toddler prefers salad to chicken strips! Ah, saves me about $6 in uneaten kid food. Yay kid.   

Another plus: Staff was nice, didn't feel rushed even though it was busy. Oh, and cornbread. YUM cornbread! Oh and the chips and salsa.  I think we had probably 3 chip basket refills, probably mostly because of moi.
My heart sank the moment I realized that my wallet was still at home on the counter right next to the garage door. 

I met a colleague for lunch. It was great food, great service and a comfortable environment. The check came and everything was going great until I reached for my wallet. I didnt have it. I thanked my colleague for his company and sent him on his way noting that I wanted to hang out a little longer. 

I informed the host at the front door that a manager was needed because I had forgotten my wallet and then I called my wife to get my AMEX number. 

To my surprise, the manager walked over and thanked me for my patronage. Encouraged me to come back and then kindly offered to cover the bill on my behalf. 

That kind of service deserves 10 stars but because I can only give 5 they get that for sure. This place is simply awesome and this is an experience I will continue to tell people for years to come. 

I was already a fan of Z Tejas but now I'm a raving fan!
Chambord margaritas are killer!
Z'Tejas is quickly becoming one of our top "go to" breakfast places in town. They've got reasonable prices, the service is always great, and the best part of all is that they've got an amazing brunch menu...and don't even get me started on the cornbread.  It really is like having an extra little meal on the side and it's some of the best cornbread I've ever had the pleasure of slathering butter on and shoving down the gullet. Oh...and did I mention it's free with every meal? Yeah...makes us wanna high five the waitress each time we go there.

A few of our favorite items on the brunch menu are the breakfast quesadilla, bananas foster french toast (very sweet), and eggs benedict.  We also make sure to get the chips and salsa trio with any meal here since their chips are always nice and fresh like they just came out of the oven (or wherever fresh chips come from).  There aren't a ton of items on the brunch menu, but it suffices and never leaves us dissapointed. 

The combo of good food and good service here should be the gold standard for chain restaurants...Z'Tejas knows its shit...they have fresh/fun food, and they have wait staff that are personable and always seem enthusiastic about the menu...can't ask for more than that. The only reason Z'Tejas isn't 5 stars is because is doesn't have that jaw dropping 'wow' factor with any of the dishes we've tried yet...it does have the "mmm...that's realllly good" factor going on...but not quite the "Arrrrgggh, I'm gonna have a seizure from overloading my taste buds with too much pleasure" factor. Still...a great place. 

4/5.
First time here! Great waiter Taylor. The food and restaurant both great! Spoke to John the manager this guy knows customer service. It is nice to know there are still people like Taylor and John out there that take pride in their job!
Z'Tejas = num yummy!! I mean the margaritas and cornbread alone are worth coming to visit. I had some pulled pork quesadilla's that were packed with yummy goodness. Lots of pulled pork with the coleslaw. OMG. I could only eat two of the four pieces as I had already filled up on cornbread and chips and salsa. The only thing I was bummed about was that the cornbread can out a little cold for my liking. If could have even been warm I would have been happy, but it did not stop me from eating it. Definitely a great place to come, especially for happy hour!
I've had the pleasure of visiting the Chandler and Tempe locations multiple times for business dinnersand have never been disappointed.
Warm cozy atmosphere, not too loud, good service and now we can talk about the food. Yummy cornbread, margaritas, appetizers and I love the chicken enchiladas!!!!
Bueno Queso...Tex Mex style.  I like it a lot and it is 1/2 price apps before 6:30.  Our service was super slow, but overall a descent experience.  I enjoyed the wild mushroom enchis.
This is a solid three for me.  We went for happy hour last thursday and had a couple of margaritas, the tune appetizer, which was very good. We also had the shrimp tostadas, this was not bad, but neither exceptional.  It was just competent.  The prices during happy hour are great.  The service was not that great, though.  When we got there, we sat at the bar.  There were a couple of servers/bartenders? at the end having a conversation.  I kept making eye contact and they saw us, but kept going on with their talk.  Finally the other bartender who was there got to us.  All in all, this is a good place to go when you have some time to kill during happy hour. We used to come here a ton a few years ago.  I guess when you are single this is one of the spots to hit.
Disclaimer: I remember Z'Tejas when it was first created by Guy Villavaso and Larry Foles in Scottsdale. I ate there yesterday at one of the chain's generic locations and was very disappointed. The place wreaks of a casual dinning chain. Gone is the cutting edge southwest cuisine that made it great. If you want a southwest style Marie Callender's by all means give it a try.
Arizona + Texas + Louisiana = Great flavors of Z'Tejas 

This our overall favorite restaurant in AZ. It's out go-to place for after work happy hour and it's also where we bring out-of-town visitors. Z'Tejas is NOT Mexican food. Rather it combines the flavors of the American Southwest in a bold, fresh, imaginative way. 

The frozen margaritas are the best in town. Jimmy Buffet would approve. What they lack in size, they more than make up for in strength. These babies pack a punch. Maybe that's why you have to get management's permission to have more than three? 

Z is near our house and serve a variety of great food, that's why it's one of our fave places. They sent me a $10 off coupon for my bday. Me and hubby went there for happy hour, had three killer appetizers (shrimp sausage dumplings, green pork chili, and Leo Street tenderloin tacos). Hubby had a margarita (voted PHX best) and I had a diet coke (trying to diet, as if). Total bill with tax and tip was under $19. Of course, bday coupon helped, but still...no wonder this is one our favorite places for food, drink, and value.
The food is very good, the service is great...the wait can be a bit long, but I have never been disapointed.  The freshest guacamole I have ever had...I'd swear the tree was growing in the kitchen.  I have been here for lunch, dinner, drinks, desert...love this place!
Yummy!!! This place exceed my expectations for sure! The prices were reasonable and the food and service was outstanding. They had awesome healthy options too. And a good kids menu. The two year old I care for LOVED the veggie quesadilla!
Never used to be a fan of this place...apparently they've changed their menu in the past few years, or my taste buds have matured past grilled cheese and pbj, which is a high possibility.  My hubby and I stopped by for lunch/brunch once and again a few weeks later for a late lunch.  I honestly can't remember what we ate for brunch/lunch but I know it was good (quite a bit of food though - recommend sharing if you can or doggie bag it).  The staff is all very friendly and welcoming as well.

For the late lunch we split the chile pork verde.  It was very very good (in love with Renegade's green chili pork stew though.)  We also split Leo's Street Tacos.  Both of these were very filling and absolutely amazing.  The salsa/sauce that accompanied these dishes had so much flavor - in fact all the ingredients had flavor.  These two dishes combined with the corn bread...too much good stuff!  There were more items we would like to try so we will def be back.

For dessert, we found out the apps were 1/2 price due to happy hour.  What a sweet treat.
Oh man this was good. I ordered the seafood enchiladas.. which honestly were nothing like an enchilada, but it was delicious anyway. One of the best means of my trip to Scottsdale recently. My girlfriend had the veggie quesedilla, which was OK, but not spectactular. I would order the seafood enchiladas any day of the week, and I look forward to going back for them.
Met cousins from Illinois for lunch last Wed. Sat 
outside..lovely day. Kind of a mixed review for me...I had the Diablo Pasta..quite good. Others enjoyed their food as well. Husband had the Almond Joy cheesecake...WONDERFUL..very rich and delish. My cousin had a chocolate cakey thing that he said was great. I was terribly disappointed in the margaritas...small in size..almost tasteless and a very very skimpy portion for the price..better margaritas @ Chili's for goodness sake. Also found the server a bit over the top. I know it's her job to upsell but according to her the margaritas were the best around..all the food was marvelous...just a bit too exuberant for me. All in all a good experience.
Great food and on the way home. Gets me in troble every time.
3 stars because the service at the Bar made me mad.  I went in with a girlfriend on a Friday at 2p and waited too long to be greeted (obviously, my opinion) and I would not use the word attentive at all to describe the bartender.  I really liked the food, I had the mushroom enchiladas and thought they were awesome! Also, if you go with a margarita add chambord to it for an extra, sweet zing! Yummy food, just disappointed in the Bartender.
Excellent brunch. Bloody Mary bar is wonderful 
The server was super nice, the food hot fresh delicious. 
The prices very reasonable. I know this is a chain but it is still great.
I come here about once a month after work with a coworker. It's between our homes and the noise level is just right for our "shop talk". Generally we sit in the bar at a 2 top for a couple hours and have about 2 drinks each. I haven't noticed any happy hour prices that apply to us, as I drink wine, and she top shelf Gin. Maybe we get some type of deal, but it doesn't seem like it. That hasn't seemed to deter us. We usually spend about $24.00. 
The only problem I have had is sometimes the bar is full and we can't get a seat. We then ask to be sat in the dining area and have been denied because we "aren't eating". I guess I somewhat get that, but it's not like there was a wait and the tables were even half full. Maybe we should have not even mentioned we weren't planning to eat and then just never ordered! 
Their food is a-okay, but my friend doesn't eat at restaurants as she has a strict diet at home. We don't stay long enough for me to really even be hungry and last I looked there weren't any very appealing Veg options anyhow. 
So, a couple times we have had to leave. Seems pretty silly to me to turn away customers. Especially regulars. 
Oh well, we still keep coming back, so I guess Z'Tejas wins in the end! 
The service really is attentive and friendly. 
Meh.
Z'Tejas always has above average food and is a great lunch spot. I like all the locations, but I think this one is best for business. I suggest newbies try the Shrimp Guacamole Tostada bites to get started. I have never had a bad meal here, so try anything on the menu. 

Their NY Strip at dinner is magnificent.
So apparently Z just added wine to their happy hour or I have never been offered the special in 2+ years. I'm not sure. Our waitress we had was one whom we had not been served by in the past and she said they had always been on special! If so Z' Tejas owes me about $300.00. Anyhow, the house wines were 3 dollars a glass last week as opposed to the usual 6 or 7. This made me pretty excited for future, though a little confused about the past.
Great happy hour.  Consistent tasty food!
This was my first trip to this location and I don't think ill be back. 

Margaritas great.
Chips, guac great.
Cornbread great.

Our server "Bubba" was the highlight of the entire night. He seemed to be the only energy in the place. As the other location seems to be always happening we were kinda of shocked about the lack of any kind of vibe.

I ordered a vodka grapefruit and that one they were out of grapefruit so that was a let down. 

Not bad , not good.
After agreeing to meet a friend here, as this was Her favorite spot. I showed up on the wrong "party" night. 
It was extremely loud and chaotic.
I attempted to order a drink at the bar while I wait for Her, and with NO luck. 
We decided to go next door to another space.
Perhaps you might want to try the space on a slower afternoon?
Awesome food, great service!  I would have given 5 stars if I didn't have to listen to a group of drunk women screaming with joy through out my entire meal.  Some people need to be cut off!  Also, the live music on Friday nights is a little loud for my taste.  But I love the food!
This place was great as a dinner for two! We got a seat right away even though it was around 7:30 on a Saturday night. Our server was friendly and the food was really good. It was actually spicy too. Watch out for those margaritas though, they are quite potent! I had one Little Larry (the mini version) and that was more than enough for me in one sitting.
Never a bad meal at Z'Tejas. I've been eating at this location for several years now. Anytime my in-laws are in the area, they call my husband and I up to go here for dinner. We spent Christmas Eve here two years in a row, and with a party of 11, not one bad dish! Z'Tejas is kid friendly which is a bonus. Leo's Street Tacos are my favorite along with their Skillet Dumplings. The two combined with a small Caesar salad make for a great meal.
This Z' Tejas on Tatum and Shea in particular has great staff and THE BEST CHIPS AND SALSA! I love their Salsa Verde and could drink it by the gallon! =) Their Chambord Margarita's are par to none and they have a great Happy Hour for appetizers!  I am not as big of a fan of their entrees and they are slightly high on the caloric side; but It is a fun and laid back place to meet with people or just grab a quick bite or drink!
We stumbled upon this place by accident and I'm glad we did. It was a perfect day for dining outdoors which is what we did. The waitress brought out freshly baked corn bread and butter....nice touch. I ordered the avocado turkey burger which was huge and delicious. My hubby ordered the steak burrito, I don't think he enjoyed his meal as much as I enjoyed mine.

The only complaint was our table. There is a large round bar underneath the table which makes it impossible to fit your legs comfortably. We don't live anywhere near here, but next time we're in the area we will have lunch.
Had a burger here for lunch.  It was ok.  I had to pay extra for bacon and cheese to be added, which brought the price to about what I would pay at Delux, but the quality was nowhere near Delux.  The service was excellent, the iced tea was fresh, but it was a very expensive lunch at $20 plus tip, for a burger that just did not impress.
I have to say that I am usually not one to rave over a chain restaurant, but I do really love z-Tejas. Their Mac n cheese is entirely delicious! It's enough to share with a friend, as it has nice slices of chicken breast in it and comes in a little cast iron dish. They also always bring out a dish of fresh made corn bread, any time of the day lunch or dinner. And did I mention they have the BEST raspberry Lemondrop Martini I have ever had in my life?! I still can't stop thinking about it and I had it weeks ago. Yummy!!!! They can get pretty busy on the weekends and the parking lot is shared so it fills up quickly too.
I am usually a huge "Z fan" but this experience was not up to par.  As expected, we waited 1/2 hour for a table on the patio (why they have that beautiful glassed in patio for smokers is beyond me!)  The waitress was obviously slammed and our service was atrocious.  The food was mediocre at best.  I am not sure if this is indicative of this location but, my experiences at the Chandler Z have all been much better.
The Frozen Strawberry Margaritas are strong and yummy, just how I like them!

After roaming around Mill Ave., my friend suggested coming over to Z'Tejas because she used to work here. I let her do the ordering since I'm sure she knew all the good stuff. We started off with Strawberry Margaritas and they are really good! It's a great way to get your buzz going since they're strong too. As for appetizers, we got the Tejas Trio, Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings, and the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostada Bites. 

The Tejas Trio was basically your chips and salsa, except it came with guacamole, chile con queso with chorizo and salsa picante. The Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings were spicy shrimp and pork, wrapped in wontons, steamed and seared, served with a sweet ginger soy dipping sauce. These were really good, I loved the sauce that was drizzled over it. The Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostada Bites were tiny little tostada rounds topped with fresh guacamole with marinated grilled shrimp on top. Everything at our table was pretty good and I enjoyed it all even though we only ordered drinks and appetizers. 

Even though Z'Tejas is located in college town, the crowd in here was a little bit older. I'd say it was mostly people in their twenties or thirties. It's a pretty big restaurant and it looks like a great place to drink and hang out if you want to get away from the typical college crowd. I think they have great happy hour specials as well.
Steak burrito was medicore so were the chicken quesadillas my husband ordered. I tasted my sister's Diablo pasta and that too was just OK. The best thing I ate there was the cornbread, which was moist and delcious. If I ever go back i'd stick with the chips, guacamole, and margaritas.
HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS!!! The shrimp quacomole dish on the happy hour menu is YUM!!! I  I also had the Ahi tuna app which had this great sauce. Not sure what else was in it. The waiter was super funny and a the patio with the sun shining. Perfect!!!
The Tejas Trio and Margaritas are to die for!
After reading all the great reviews on Yelp and in other places, I came here expecting margaritas that would make my heart sing Spanish love songs, even though I don't know Spanish.  We chose Cinco de Mayo for our visit, since I wanted an excellent margarita, and we both ordered the 6th st. "award-winning" margarita as a starting place.  

First, it was tiny.  Second, it had the quality of so many restaurant margaritas, and how else can I describe it other than floor cleaner?  You know, the kind they used to wax the terrazzo floors of your high school cafeteria with.  Tasted like that.  Good margaritas are so easy to make, but almost no one gets them right because they either use crappy bulk mixes or that garbage that comes out of a giant steel container through a gun.  Disappointing.

I was hoping the food would redeem the lousy margarita, but alas, I found no redemption here.  In a word, or three, it was really, really mediocre.  We ordered the chips and salsa, with the three house salsas, and it was decent, but no better than the free stuff you get at most any cheap Mexican restaurant.  Nothing fantastic, but decent.  The cornbread was good, but seemed like a gimmick.  My wife's salad was below average.  Funny, but they mix your salad for you at tableside, which seems odd unless you are at a four-star restaurant from 1980 and they are mixing your Caesar salad in a giant stainless bowl before delivering your Steak Tartare with a side of gout.  I ordered the diablo pasta, thinking it would light my fire and cause me to forget the lousy margarita and order a more expensive one, but el Diablo was nowhere to be found.  Instead, el Diablo sent his less well-known American cousin, Senor Bland.  It wasn't hot in any way, shape or form and in fact didn't taste like anything besides milkfat pretending to be a sauce of some kind.  I ate about three bites and gave up because it was so incredibly tasteless.

The service was good, and I liked both the hostess and our waitress.  I did see a couple at the table next to us walk out because they didn't feel they were being attended to fast enough, but I thought they were just being jerks.  

The decor looks as though they bought out one of those stores that sells model home furniture and called it a day, but then most of the houses in Phoenix look like this, so I can't fault them too much for trying to make their clientele feel at home.

This restaurant is mostly for people who want to pretend they like southwestern/Mexican food, but think Chili's is not authentic enough (by the way, Chili's has better margaritas, and that's sad).  Needless to say, I won't be going back.  I can go to the Los Taquitos near my house and eat authentic food and drink a margarita with fresh-squeezed lime juice for half the price, and with way more than twice the taste.
I am a fan of Z tejas, but it IS a chain. It is very good for a chain restaurant, but hardly deserving of 4 or 5 stars. Decent casual southwestern inspired food. Service is is hit and miss, and the food is tasty, but average.
I gave Z Tejas 5 stars because there isn't a single thing I don't love. Their menu is creative, with both healthy and comfort choices, and everything is delicious! I've had the ruby trout, the chicken sandwich, turkey burger, chicken enchilada, green chile barbacoa enchiladas, five cheese macaroni and achiote chicken- which is worth every calorie, but don't order this often! The service is great, too. Go for happy hour, it's one of the best in town IMO. I have also ordered food to go several times and it is always packaged perfectly neat, and they give you a generous portion of their fresh corn bread.  Now that I wrote this, I can't stop thinking about the little shrimp tostadas on happy hour and the margaritas!
Went for my Bday dinner. Nachos were good, margaritas strong. They gave me some chocolate cayenne pie, was amazing!
I love the cornbread!  I love how it has nice whole kernels and that it comes to your table warm.  My husband ordered the special, which was the duck tacos.  OMG!  I hope it stays on the menu permanently.  They were sweet yet spicy.  I love that.  The dish wasn't too big or too small.
I ordered the Chicken Jerk Salad.  I order this every time I come here.  I ask for the dressing on the side and asked for Caesar dressing instead of sesame ginger dressing.  I love it.  I can never finish it though, so my husband has no problem helping me.  
Service was great!  Hopefully I can make it to happy hour one day.
Fresh Salmon with grilled veggies were awesome.  Enjoyed the Chile Relleno.  Live music was a treat we didn't expect.  Would definitely return.
Wow. Buzzkill. I use to live in Scottsdale and was a hard core regular of the Z Tejas in  Scottsdale. Use to be an event to go to Z Tejas. This location not so much. The chipotle salsa use to be heavenly. No more. Bland and boring. Stuffed pork tenderloin - use to be incredible! Flavorful! Now - not so much. The night I went I felt like I was at a Chili's or TGIF's on a Friday night... major buzzkill all the way around....  
Go somewhere else.
Love the cornbread.  Hot and it has pieces of corn in the cornbread.  Great starter snack.  
I went with duck tacos, which was a special that day, Sweet and spicy meat with fresh ingredients to cool the spice down.
I also enjoyed the Chicken Jerk salad, on the spicy side for me, but I endured the spice since the flavor of the salad was great.  
I also enjoyed an afternoon beer with my lunch and it overall is a great lunch experience.  I would dine here again, I went with the waiters suggestions and it turned out great.
I'll start by reminding anyone who reads this that I am a VERY picky person as you can see by my reviews!
I took a friend here for Sunday brunch for her birthday....I chose Z'Tejas because they have a "bloody mary" bar, and I do love my Sunday morning Bloody Mary!
We were immediately greeted and seated by a friendly hostess and joined promptly by our server "Bubba".
I normally dont mention names as not to make anyone feel bad....but with Bubba there's nothing to feel bad about.
He greeted us with a super smile and his outgoing personality which made us feel at home instantly!
We started, of course, to the bloody mary bar which offered a large variety of hot sauces and condiments.....although I enjoy my bloody marys I really dont know how to make a good one, but with the assistance of several employees who were happy to help, I enjoyed a darn good drink!
My problem with the condiments was that most of it looked dried out ex: carrots, celery and pickles.
While enjoying our drinks Bubba came to our table to make us the guacamole we ordered, he showed us each ingredient before adding it and a few minutes later we were digging into our guac and chips...yummmmm
We shared a "shrimp omelete" which had baby shrimp,goat cheese and was very good.  We couldnt decided on the corn bread, morning glory muffin or the fresh fruit, so Bubba, being the excellent server he is brought all 3.
The cornbread was fluffy and not at all crumbly which I did not prefer, but it really is just a matter of taste.
The omelette came with little potatoe chunks that were well seasoned.
Here comes the Con (the 2nd reason they lost points)....we had just started with our appetizer of guac and chips when they came to the table with the main course.
We would have preferred to enjoy what was already on the table before bringing more, especially because by the time we got around to the omelette it was not hot.
They brought my friend an "on the house" birthday desert which was a browine type mixture baked as a pie with a dab of whipped cream on top.
The brownie pie is a "MUST TRY", it was sweet and decedant and sinful and we loved it!
We never had to ask for anything as Bubba visited us frequently to check on things.
The atmosphere is comfortable, big and airy and a great place to enjoy a meal or just a cocktail.
We WILL be back and I do reccomend you give it a try....and dont forget to ask for "BUBBA"...
In the meantime.....

Bon' Appetite
Really enjoyed the wild mushroom enchiladas.  Service was uninspired.  Would have given a 4 if the waitress seemed to have any desire to be there...
yummy appetizers on happy hour and very decent drink specials! food was top notch and service is better than i could ever ask for!  i had the pleasure of being served by Derek, he was patient, there when i needed him, always smiling and engaging and most importantly informed me of the specials that weren't on the menu right away!  i will be back!
Very good cornbread and the street tacos were awsome.
Not bad. They bring out the cornbread to start with and it's pretty good. Overall the food is good but I'm always hoping for better. Over all, everything is good but not memorable.
Food is not gourmet but the margaritas are good and the atmosphere is usually friendly and fun.  I'm a fan of the pork chile verde, and of course - the cornbread.
I love this place! The food is consistently good and the service is always excellent. The Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites were beautifully presented and tasted a good as they looked. The Ruby Red Trout salad was loaded with trout - no skimping here. If you've never had the Pecan-crusted chicken salad, it is a nice, but not heavy, entree. If you have room, the Ancho Fudge Pie is delicious.

And of course, the best margaritas in town. I'm not a fan of frozen margaritas, but Z'Tejas' are wonderful - with or without the Chambord! They are so good, they limit the number you can have 'cuz the tend to sneak up on you!
Best burger I have ever eaten in my life. Seriously.
Great selection, including healthy items. Be careful if you like mild dishes, though; items tend to be hot.
I've been going to Z'Tejas for many years.  The menu is varied, food is cooked to your specifications. . .your item doesn't have to be hot or too spicy as they cook to order. The cornbread is outstanding. . .fresh baked and it  comes with your meal. If I need to get a gift card for relatives, take-out for the family, or have  guests in town,  this is my first choice.  I've never had a bad meal there!!! I love this place!!
Linda H.
Went for breakfast. Very limited menu and no kids menu (8 bucks for 2 eggs and 2 strips of bacon for the kiddo - wth!). Food was all right but nothing special and 
way overpriced. Service was decent, but couldn't overcome everything else. Will not be back.
Pictures on the menu.  Anytime there are pictures on the menu(exception Asian food) the place has reduced costs and decided to to profitable over serving good food.  This is not the same place I liked 10 years ago.  Maybe its a good stock, but not a good place to eat.
As good as it gets for a chain restaurant! I like this one better than their location in Scottsdale Fashion Square as it is livelier and brighter. The food is consistently good; not amazing but fresh, generous and nicely presented. Their Happy Hour is a real plus.
Love Z'Tejas for fresh Mexican food with a lighter touch. Must have the Shrimp and Guacamole bite size tostadas.
The service was really good.  The food wasn't.  The rice tasted like it had been made hours before and kept in a warmer.  It was clumpy and not good.  The rest of the food did not taste like it was freshly prepared.  Very disappointed.  The server was really nice though.
The 4 stars are for the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites.  These are my all time favorite here.  Perfectly cooked and well done.  Love the kick.  
What I don't recommend is the Pepita Crusted Chicken.  Sounds yummy but eh.  With all the flavors in it, you'd think it would be a party in your mouth.  I thought it was all pretty mild with the artichoke hearts being the only thing that stood out.  The sweet potatoes were a bit too hard for my liking so not sure if that is how they should be or they were just undercooked - crunchy.
Don't know how the rest of the food is but the tried and true are the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites.
I like this place for Happy Hour.  The shrimp tostadas are terrific and mini steak tacos are fun.  The atmosphere is ok and the wait staff is friendly and service is professional and fast.  Great first date place.
The chambord margarita is the bomb!
OK, so we went on Father's Day so it was pretty busy.  Service was slow, did not get us our appetizer (but didn't charge for it either) and acknowledged it when that was pointed out.  As someone else said, not a great breakfast place.  My Eggs Benedict were just warm, the yolk on one was hard cooked and not enough Hollandaise sauce.  My sister ordered the stuffed French Toast and loved it.  Those of our party who ordered lunch items enjoyed their meals. Will I be back?  Not sure-first outing here was not enough to put it on my "let's go back" list...
Came here on the  fourth of July for a late lunch at about 3 so there weren't a lot of people and we got seated and drinks right away. I ordered the only vegan item on the menu the vegetable tacos.  They were good,  the veggies were roasted and had a ton of flavor. It was a nice quick bite to eat.
Had a coupon for a free appetizer from our  lodging, so thought we would give it a try.  I had to ask our server Stephanie her name (not giving their name is a particular pet peeve of mine,) but she quickly warmed up and gave us individual attention.  She recommended the renowned margaritas, and my wife tried the Paradise Rita and I tried the Chambord Rita.  Both were delicious and refreshing and $1 off due to happy hour.  We had also noticed that wine bottles were half price on Tuesday nights on the way in, and we sprung for the Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc, and it was crisp and fruity in spite of being a screw top.  For our free appetizer, we got the table side guac, and Stephanie mixed it up at the table, but I noticed she did not use all of the pre-measured salt and pepper and it could have used it.  Still not table side guac up to our expectations.  My wife ordered the habanero chicken pasta, and it was good but the sun-dried tomatoes and the pasta were too dry.  I tried the Jack's 5 Cheese macaroni topped with achiote chicken, which was also dry.  The macaroni had bleu, jack, cheddar, Romano, and Parmesan cheeses with bacon, and had a good taste overall but just needed some moistening up.  Served with a skillet of cornbread and honey butter.  As Stephanie was packing up the leftovers for us, two slices of cornbread baptized the table next door, and she brought us a whole cornbread in its place (packed safely we assume in the kitchen!). Overall a great dining experience and we would visit again!
I've been to this location several times over the years and have always had good experiences.  This time for lunch I had the green chile barbacoa enchiladas and they were delicious.  I also love their cornbread.  The server was very friendly and got my friend's complicated order prepared perfectly.
My sister in law choose this place for her birthday Dunch. I have to say I'm glad she did. The drinks the appetizers and the entrees are phenomenal. The service was on point and the
Came here on a Saturday night - it was pretty slow - there was no wait.  The one-man band there was alright - though it was a little loud.  It was kind of funny that he sang all cover songs that were all originally sung by females.  I ordered the street tacos, which made me full, but in actuality it wasn't that good - it was a little tasteless.  My SIL ordered the wild mushroom enchilada's which were delicious and what I normally order, but I wanted to try something new - I should've stuck to the enchiladas.  

Service was nice.  He was friendly and offered his suggestions when we had a couple of questions.  He refilled our drinks and checked on us often.  I would definitely come back again.
We are regulars here for a reason.  The staff is great, the food is great and this business is originally from my home in Austin, TX .  This location is more geared to the middle aged folks, which is good for us. I highly recommend!!!
Those tostada shrimp bites were delicious, I wasn't excited about paying for chips & salsa. It is a great HH spot but the dinner menu was underwhelming
Not a bad place wish they had more of a normal menu.
Meh.... 

Let's start with the positives:  Our server was friendly and awesome.  The cornbread served in the cast iron pan was rustic and fresh (piping hot from the oven).  The food presentation was pretty and appealing.  The ambience was rustic, but the place was bustling -- but I went on Black Friday.  It probably isn't usually this crazy.  The prices are middle of the road.

The negatives:  Too bad the food did not taste as good as it looked.  Everything seemed to need some salt and they used the same slaw in the ahi bites appetizer as in the fish tacos I ordered.  This homogenous taste experience left much to be desired.  Why they serve fish tacos rolled in a gummy flour tortilla is a mystery.  If you are going to serve a rolled taco, it better be a fresh corn tortilla.  The gummy flour tortilla stuck to my teeth and top of my mouth.   I ate 2 pieces this way and eventually just took my fork and gutted the two remaining pieces and the experience was much better.

I guess I am used to real Mexican food and enjoy good Cali-Mex and Tex-Mex.  However, this place would not qualify as good in my book.  I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.

My sister chose this restaurant.  I definitely will not return on my own volition.
I have been to this restaurant several times in the past couple of years as my brother loves coming here. The 1/2 price bottles of wine on Monday and Tuesdays was a nice touch for the holiday season and the service was generally good. We were left at the bar once for quite some time with no server in sight. Our server said something was going on in the restaurant but didn't elaborate. I have to say that I wasn't a big fan of the table side guacamole. It was a cool looking set up, but the flavors were lacking a bit. I had the Mushroom Enchiladas, gluten free style. I really don't get how it differed from the main menu Mushroom Enchiladas and the server couldn't seem to explain this either, but the enchiladas were tasty and I loved the mango salsa. My brother had the seafood enchiladas. I tried a bite and was really disappointed.  The fish tasted fishy which means it probably wasn't really fresh. He didn't care for it either. Everyone at our table raved about the cornbread served in a small skillet at the table but I did not try that. I will probably check out a new place when I come back but it isn't a bad meal and, if you drink enough wine, who would care anyway?
In LOVE with this place. No really. it's a little embarassing being in love with a mexican restaurant but they say you don't choose who you love right??? 

Z tejas...I have no idea what that means but it sounds nifty. They have a wonderful happy hour that is honored throughout the whole restaurant but the thing that keeps me coming back are the tenderloin street tacos. DELISH. not to mention their chips and salsa! 
 one thing I dislike is that you have to buy their chips and salsa its not complimentary and its not exactly cheap. They do however redeem themselves with the complimentary skillet cornbread that is absolutely delicious. This is the one restaurant I cannot stay away from as those damn street tacos keep calling my name. They also have a pretty mean frozen margaritas that can be stiffened up with patron floats!
Really great tex-mex! The outside seating was very nice and relaxing.  There's a lot to do in this area.  When back in Phoenix I will be looking this place up.
Where to start, where to start. I don't know if it deserves four stars or not. I am definitely stuck in the middle. 

What I liked: atmosphere, free piping hot corn bread served out of a skillet, and its been so long I remember liking the flavor of the food (but don't remember what my party ate).

What I disliked: "Mexican" restaurants charging for chips and salsa (see corn bread comment above, though), their prices were definitely on the higher side, and not knowing who was serving me also bothered me. 

In my opinion, this is a very pricey "Mexican" restaurant. Though I may go back again, will I? Probably not a good sign if I doubt my self returning here. There are plenty of Mexican/Tex-Mex restaurants in Arizona for me to go to, before this one pops in my radar again.
There is such a great variety on the menu, it makes it easy to come back and try different dishes. Last night I had the grilled chicken with artichoke hearts, spinach, mushrooms with a wonderful cream sauce and pumpkin seeds on top to finish it off. It also came with mashed potatoes and wonderful grilled veggies, included corn. It was VERY GOOD!

The happy hour is also a great value and again has many different options to choose from. $5 chambord margarita is sweet and strong! I only had one, but already felt the affects when it was empty.

I have tried a plethora of items on the menu and have not been disappointed in any of them. (The salads are great too!)
My fiance and I moved to Phoenix about 3 weeks ago, and decided that we wanted to do a fairly low-key Valentine's Day at a moderately priced restaurant in the area. We checked open table, saw that Z'Tejas still had some openings, and since we had been told by some friends that their food was excellent we decided to make a reservation.

Positives: the food really was great! We loved the chips & salsa appetizer we chose (even though I do find it a little silly that you have to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant), loved the complimentary hot cornbread in a skillet, and loved our entrees as well (I got the fajitas, he got the chicken enchiladas). The food was almost better than great, it was exactly what we would have wanted and I find myself already craving it again!

Negatives: It took us fifteen solid minutes to even get a waitress to our table, which I would totally understand if it was super busy, but it wasn't. We were actually surprised at how many open tables we saw given that it was Valentine's Day, and yet we still had to wait. Our waitress was also just not that great once she arrived. She didn't seem to know much about the food or drinks, and seemed a bit flighty.We were also disappointed by the drinks we received. My fiance ordered a Dos Equis draft and they apparently had run out earlier in the evening, so he went with a bottled Dos Equis amber. Not a huge deal, again, I understand completely that things happen, but it was slightly disappointing. I ordered the "beerita", which is a margarita with a mini Corona bottle in it. It was okay, but I have absolutely had better. It was supposed to be frozen and it was more melty than anything, which I personally don't think tastes as great with the beer pouring into it.

Overall, I am certain we will be going back, but maybe for a lunch experience with beers rather than a dinner experience with specialty drinks.
One of my all time favorites!  Everything on the menu has FLAVOR you will love!!
My wife and I sat outside to eat (we are from Michigan and it's March), which was pleasant.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was very tasty, although it was not as spicy as I would have expected for the type of restaurant that this is.  Gluten free friendly menu.  I had the seafood enchilada and it was prepared wonderfully, with the food flavorful and cooked just right (e.g. the shrimp was nice and tender, not overcooked like so many places unfortunately do).  The cornbread was excellent.
Had no idea we were going to a mall to eat to begin with! We were told that we should go here for the chambord margaritas. They were very good! The guacamole and queso was delicious. No need to get dressed up to eat here. If you were shopping and needed a place to eat, not a bad choice. Any of the other restaurants would be just as good. Would have been better just for happy hour.
Chicken noodle soup!!!! Yummy
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:

The Happy Hour here is outstanding!  I've come here a few times after work with friends on Friday nights and the place is packed and lively. I highly recommend you give it a try. 

Yes, I know it's a chain; but you're in for a treat when you come here.  And people just don't leave because it's 7pm and HH is over, some stay till closing.  LOL


AMBIANCE/MOOD:
The buzz and atmosphere on a Friday night is great. It's mostly standing room only, but there are a few bar stools that open from time to time.

Somewhat modern, somewhat eclectic (see photo of the mounted Cadillac bumper), but very relaxed and friendly. The first thing you'll noticed are the three flat screen, but no one is watching. LOL. 

Everyone is just enjoying each other's conversation, whether they're with your group or not. Nice. 

MENU:
I've taken several photos of the HH menu, but it's $5 and $6 for most items. The standouts are the Mexican Street Tacos (addicting and a must) and the $5.00 Chambord Margaritas (they're tasty and strong).  I've also developed a craving for their Roasted Salsa and cheese Queso. 

SERVICE:
If the service wasn't good...  well... you would still would come for the food, but it's very good with all the servers working together. 

The bar staff also seems to just stand in front of their frozen slushy/Margarita machine all night. LOL  They keep making one drink after another. There's a fluidness to how everyone is just hustling. Nice!

FOOD:
I've mentioned the Chambord Margaritas, Street Tacos and Queso, are each good starting points. 

PRICES:
Very inexpensive. Expect to pay $20-25 depending on how hungry you are and how addictive you become to their Margaritas. LOL!!

So Four Stars and "yes, we're a Fan." 

Enjoy!
The absolute best Margaritas in Arizona! My favorite is the Patron Fusion. There's a 3 drink limit on these. Trust me, you'll need a designated driver for sure!
We always enjoy the food and service at Z'Tejas but we needed a small party catered and thought to inquire. Again we were plesantly surprised at the professionalism and attention we recived. Everyrhing was delicious. Price point was very reasonable.  Just another reason I like going to Z Tejas.
Yummmmmy food and great margaritas!  Service was excellent. Would definitely go back.
We went for the Bloody Mary bar and we discovered they use no-name house vodka when the one at Fashion Square uses top shelf for the same price. Disappointing. Also, the pancakes are terrible. I gave it 2 stars because they HAVE a Bloody Mary bar.
This Z'Tejas location is my favorite out of all the other ones. The staffs here are always friendly and helpful. Love their corn bread which is always fresh and hot out of the oven. I always order their street tacos as an appetizer to share. They're  tasty and yummy! So far everything that I have tried on the menu has been delish. No complaints on the service or food yet. The only thing that I didn't really enjoy was my strawberry mojito. It had no flavor and was watered down. All I could taste was the watered down alcohol and mint leaves. I've had way better mojitos elsewhere. I will be back to try their margaritas next time.
Enjoyed the food, had a salads can't remember the name but it was pretty tasty!

Plus they give you free hot cornbread yum!
The happy hour here is great! Lots of appetizers to choose from at great prices. We had a shrimp and avacado on a tostada, street tacos, a pork dish, and several drinks and the total was around $35.The shrimp and avacado was my favorite!  I am looking forward to trying more.
My husband and I we looking for a different restaurant and saw this place and decided to give it a try. The service was GREAT. Our server was very attentive and fast.
Wow! I was really blown away by this place! We had never eaten here and are new to the area so we came in thinking it was more of a Qdoba place (I was wearing sweat shorts!). I apologize to everyone who had to witness me in my grubbies. I ordered the Chambord margarita (awesome) and we started with the trio appetizer. Boy was that queso good! I had the shrimp and guacamole bites (good), hubby had the green chili pork enchiladas (excellent), son had the street tacos (good) and daughter had the mushroom enchiladas (excellent). Yes, I know my kids have excellent taste. We will definitely be back and I promise we'll be a little more pleasing to the eye.
Moe's is yet another quick Mexican joint, along the lines of Qdoba or Chipotle.  

That said, Moe's is pretty good.  It seems lower fat than the others, and they actually offer tofu.  I would die for a good vegetarian mexican food place sometimes, and I think Moe's may be my go-to.

THAT said, don't get the tofu.  It is mushy and amateurish - it needs to be crisped on the grill (no fat is required).  One less star for the yucky tofu, Moe's.

I had a "Personal Trainer" salad.  It was FAN TASTIC.   I would definitely get it again.  Moe's has a great selection of fresh toppings, and their dressings were good.  

The salsa was YUM!

I can't wait to go back when I get my next Mexican food craving.
Moe's in general are pretty decent serving up quick, cooked to order mexican. Not the greatest but neither should your expectations be when you are ordering at the counter. That said this Moe's seems to be one of the worst, it is a more ghetto, greasier version than the rest. They don't serve beer at this Moe's and it is usually pretty dirty. DON"T get the tofu, apparently the concept of extra firm has not hit Moe's.. I'm not putting it in a smoothie, I'm putting it in a burrito and I don't want it dripping out. The salsa is runny. Yuck.
This place is closed.
Decent place to have a quick lunch if you are attending an event at the hotel.  Our server was extremely friendly and made us feel welcome.  The grilled cheese with tomato was tasty too!
Kristen, the bartender, was nice.
Things I love about Chipotle:

-The menu is simple, but you still have the option to vary it up by trying different combinations of ingredients, salsas, and preparations. 
-The barbacoa beef and carnitas are super tender and flavorful. 
-The chili-corn salsa gives everything a spicy kick and a satisfying crunch. 
-They have margaritas, which I haven't tried because I see this place as more of a lunch spot but still seem nice to have as an option. 
-The prices are relatively low given the overall quality and portion size.
-The meat is humanely raised and the overall vibe of the restaurant communicates a sense of social awareness. 

Things I don't love about Chipotle:

-The chicken is a little bit fatty and not as flavorful as the red meat and pork options, which is disappointing since I'm trying to limit my red meat consumption.
-The peppers and onions that come when you get a fajita option are usually kind of soggy and flavorless. 
-The vegetarian options aren't great, and it seems odd that they haven't introduced something more substantial (e.g., mushrooms or tofu) than peppers and onions for people who want to avoid meat.
I could eat here everyday. In fact I do eat here everyday! Chipotle is similar to Subway but with burritos instead of sammiches. When you get there you start out with either a salad, bowl, taco, or burrito and you tell them what you want on it.  I really love their salads the dressing is soo good and their guacamole rocks. If you're on a diet this place isn't for you a burrito is about 1,000 calories!
Ordering with the iPhone app probably bumps it up to 4 stars. I press 3 buttons. The food is paid for and waiting for me. Oh, & the best guac & chips. Ever.
Its a chain, but its good (keep in mind, this review encompasses ALL different Chipotle locations- not just this one on Baseline). I absolutely LOVE the barbacoa (marinated & shredded beef). The flavor is superb. I normally get the barbacoa tacos, cuz I can't get enough of the flavor, and its just amazing. Once, I decided to try a combo of all 3 meats: barbacoa, chicken, & carne asada (steak). The Carne Asada was my least favorite, sadly. (I'm a HUGE fan of carne asada). Maybe I just tried it on an off-day, but just wasn't good. The chicken was pretty tasty, so one day I decided to sway away from my usual 3-soft taco barbacoa plate, and go for the chicken burrito.

Yummy. It was excellent. I love how you can pick and choose what goes into your burrito/tacos.... For the chicken burrito? I chose rice, black beans, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guacamole (it costs extra) and their medium salsa. Excellent stuff.

Cant go wrong. Its always fast, fresh and tasty. Again, its a chain, but that doesnt take away from the quality of food. Matter of fact, being a chain, and being so tasty and consistent, should be a reason to go.
What's not to love, fresh food, made to order, and organic and natural ingredients whenever possible.

This chipotle gets a huge line at 1155 due to the Univ of Phoenix lunch rush, but they generally move the line pretty quickly. There is one older woman on the line who can be a bit of a burrito-grouch (she once told me that i couldn't have a side of corn tortillas with my bowl....um no), but the rest of the staff is great.
Burrito's are pretty good, only thing causing the lower star rating is the steak was a little over cooked causing it to be a little tough.  When I came in at lunch time there was a very long line (out the door)  the line did move very fast, but I had a bit of a problem finding a place to sit.   I do like Qdoba better.
This Chipotle has surpassed my expectations in every area of customer service. This location can get a little hectic during the lunch rush which basically starts 10 minutes before they open. But instead of waiting until 11am they will actually open their doors early because of the line forming outside.
And even when there is a long line of 20+ people, they can move the line in record time. A line all the way out the door will only take about 5-8 minutes. This has to be because they keep this location fully staffed especially when it gets crowded. 
As for the food I have never had a problem with any visits at this location or any other locations.
It seems most of the people working here are under the age of 25, but WAIT...it makes for a great experience.  Everyone is really friendly and chipper.  

If a burrito could be sincere, these are, or at least they're very sincerely made.  Unlike other Chipotle's I've been to where you can tell the iron fist of the manager is guiding their every scoop, the employees here are generous with their ingredients.  You don't have to keep asking, "Can I have just a little bit more?" which I really appreciate, especially when it comes to guacamole!
It gets really full in here during lunchtime, however the staff is very friendly and efficient. They move quickly and the food is more than awesome! But give yourself some time if you come during 11-12 pm, to make it back to work on time :)
Chipotle the organization has developed a pretty good business model: Good food, made fresh in front of the customer, Fast-ish service that is usually well managed and friendly, and a website experience that allows you to order ahead of time and cut the line.  Additionally the fair is (seemingly) healthier than standard fast food and the decor is contemporary which is a refreshing change fron the obnoxious appearance of the average jack in the box or Subway.

However, I am giving this chipotle 3 stars, even though I eat here more often than I eat at any other restaurant.  The two reasons for the average rating are:

1. A homeless person has set up shop outside of the front door
2. As I have alluded, I use the online ordering feature, and they seem to meet the promised time only occasionally.
 
So- they need to shoo the bum and pay more attention to their online customers.  Then I will give this chipotle 5 stars
The homeless guy is gone.  Also, there is at least one employee that recognizes me, and tonight she handed me my order as walked up to the counter.  That was fantastic.  However, they still have some room to improve.  Not all of the employees are as aware as the one I have mentioned, but I am a satisfied customer.
I've given this place, not two, not three, but FOUR attempts to redeem themselves and yet they continue to fail me. They're a disgrace to the Chipotle family. I usually order in advance and pick up food for myself and several co-workers and these have been my experiences over the span of 7 months:

1st trip: I got 3 soft tacos with barbacoa: the meat was so greasy I managed to fill half a cup with grease.

2nd trip: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa: the meat looked and tasted as if someone had attempted to chew a fatty part of steak and then just put it back in my bowl.

3rd trip: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa, light sour cream, extra cheese and pico: received a bowl with so much sour cream, I couldn't see anything under it. Had about 3 strands of cheese on top. 

last attempt, today: got a burrito bowl with barbacoa, light sour cream, extra cheese and pico: meat was dry and chewy, no pico, no sour cream, half a spoon of rice and beans and so much cheese it was almost inedible. (and if you've read my reviews, you know how much I LOVE cheese.)

In conclusion, I don't know how this Chipotle is still in business. It's lacks flavor, attention and effort. Will never return to this Chipotle and discourage others from attempting to eat here.
I am super fan.  I have been hitting this place up for about two years...Yeah, I know I need to submit my reviews faster.  SMH.  Its terrible.  Sorry for the rant.  Every time I set foot in this building, I great customer service with quick, healthy food.  I have no compliments, just praise for this location.  

Four thumbs up!!!!
Chipotle holds a special place in my heart. Always will. I get the same thing every time... Barbacoa Burrito with beans, rice, cheese, and guacamole. I'm telling you Barbacoa & Guacamole & the Chipotle Tabasco were made for each other. They go together like cocaine and waffles.
I know chipotle is a chain. But this location does a great job with food. The line moves fast and they always give me extra rice and other stuff when I ask. If you are a chipotle fan, this place will help you get your fix. Also they give away a free burrito on teacher appreciation day. That is also a plus
How can you go wrong with Chipotle?! I've always enjoyed this place and their fast, quick service. I use the Chipotle app during lunch hour to avoid the lines. Order on your app, choose to pay at the store and go straight to the register. However, sometimes I do visit this location spur of the moment. Not only is their staff fast and friendly but the food has always been excellent. I prefer the burrito bowls and tacos. I would consider Chipotle inexpensive but some may argue with me on that. However, I think you get what you pay for and at Chipotle they definitely serve some goodness! I always recommend Chipotle especially this location's service. Order all four salsas to give your burrito that extra kick!
Gotta love Chopotle.  Their menu is simple, but the food is always good. This location is usually pretty crowded, especially around lunch time.  The prices are reasonable though, $6 or $7 with guacamole is pretty good.  The food is fresh and you get it quick.
Had breakfast at Rita's Kitchen (one of the new restaurants at Camelback Inn) on one of their soft opening days.

The host was very warm and welcoming, and table service was very prompt and efficient. Coffee was a little too strong for my taste. However, the service staff made every effort to keep our glasses and mugs filled.

My breakfast mates seemed very happy with their choices of Eggs Benedict (all came with a side of fruit). Even of of my friends ordered French Toast (which had cornflakes and almonds).

The dining room is somewhat southwestern contemporary...almost too much for a restaurant with a name like Rita's Kitchen. It is somewhat too early to tell how this restaurant will do  at such an early stage. Nonetheless, the tasty food and gracious service are essential in predicting future success.
We had the most amazing breakfast buffet here while staying at the Camelback Inn. The restaurant is very beautiful, interesting glass fixture hanging thru out, rich dark woods, nice views of the patio. 

The buffet include omelets, the best hash brown potatoes in the world. Other food choices include juevos rancheros, fresh pastries, breads, bagels, muffins, bacon, sausage, cured meats, yogurts, fresh fruits, granola, cereal, etc. Service here is also amazing. I highly recommend Rita's for breakfast.
I've been here for brunch 3 times now, and it only gets better. The unlimited champagne is a requirement for brunch, but it actually tastes good. Most unlimited champagne brunches end up making me sick because the bubbly is vile....not this one. The food is amazing, the service is fantastic. The patio is great, with a live band and everything. Last time i was there, we sat for hours enjoying the atmosphere (and drinking champange, of course).
I was staying the Marriott Camelback Inn, so the restaurant was very convenient for us.   The breakfast buffet here was awesome!  The pancakes and omelets are cooked to perfection.  They offer so much variety and the fruit was the absolute best.  The lox was fresh and delicious. Being on vacation and having breakfast outside in perfect warm weather doesn't hurt either
Awesome! I went here on a very sunny Saturday morning, around 10AM. Upon driving up to the absolutely gorgeous Camelback Inn (not on Camelback Rd), I valet'ed the ride and walked in, and was seated right away. Had a great table by the fountain, and was luckily shaded by the umbrella from the ever-increasing AZ sunshine. The menu is not expansive, but I was able to decide on something I was looking forward to; the club sandwich 1/2 with small Caesar and Tortilla Soup. I got a lemonade to drink, and the lemonade ranks second only to the fantastic lemonade at The Orange Table. I really liked the presentation of the meal, with the three items served on the same rectangular plate. The service was excellent, and I couldn't help but be in a great mood. Kind of like when you are in a shitty mood and "Brown-Eyed Girl" by Van Morrison comes on the radio. As I walked back to the car and admired the beautiful view and landscaping of the Camelback Inn, I noted to myself that this would be a great place to take my Mom the next time she is in town. I started this review giving it four stars, but after writing this, I'm changing it to a fiver.
Wow!  Wow!  Wow!  We had our wedding weekend at Camelback Inn, so of course we enjoyed Rita's Kitchen several times.  Their brunch options are AMAZING!  I love the made to order waffles, pancakes (they'll add M&M's!), omelets, and french toast.  There's lots of fresh fruit and unlimited orange juice and coffee.  Prices are reasonable too!  The service is super attentive, the scenery gorgeous.

They do have a pricey Sunday brunch, but we passed on that one....

I can't wait to return with my husband to reminisce and enjoy some yummy food!
Loved the beet and goat cheese salad with grilled chicken. Great ambience and outdoor diining area complete with fire pits and live music. The R  bar connects to Rita's  and it is one of our favorite places to hang out.
One of my most favorite pleasures in my food life is Sunday Brunch. If you're looking for that amazing Hotel brunch buffet, this is the spot! I've been to a good amount of the fancy resort brunch buffets, but this one has the best spread, and for the best price. 

$60 per person (don't chock) get's you unlimited amount of fresh shell fish, Belgian Waffles, Pancakes and typical breakfast items, the most amazing Filet Mignon taco's, petite filets, shrimp scampi, unbelievable crab cakes, lamb chops, a huge spread of cheeses and dried fruits, and finally, an entire room dedicated to your sweet tooth! Honestly, I could keep going on, that is just a few of my favorite items! Each dish is constantly replaced- don't you hate it at the buffet when there is one scoop of hash browns left stuck to the side of the pan? Services is Marriott amazing, and I promise, if you are looking to gorge yourself and your family on a special occasion, do not overlook Camelback Inn! 

PS- the patio is gorgeous and they have nice live music throughout brunch!
Excellent breakfast selection and great dinner choices. I would recommend trying their crispy French toast for breakfast while sitting outdoors underneath the umbrellas with the Mummy Mountain scenic view! 
They also have yummy fish tacos and a nice artichoke appetizer to compliment your meal at dinner.
BEST. Sunday. Brunch. Ever. Their super pricey seasonal brunch does not start until October, so our experience was the $22 with the $8 unlimited champagne option. Best $30 I have ever spent! Our server was extremely nice and accommodating the entire time we were there which was from 10:30 until they closed around 1:00pm and even helped us move inside when it got too hot outside.  

All of the food is insanely delicious. The man behind the counter will make you pancakes, waffles, omelets all any way you desire! The warm cheese blintzes are to die for. The fruit is super fresh and delicious too and I can not WAIT to go back when it cools off a bit and enjoy the delightful scenery surrounding the patio.
Great spot for breakfast if you're staying at Camelback Inn. Convenient location. Clean, hit-or-miss service, food is good. If you wake up late on Sunday the normal buffet breakfast is over at 10am and you have to order from the normal breakfast menu or get the champagne brunch. Eat alfresco to enjoy the scenery. On Sundays they have live music from 10am to 2pm. They also have TVs so if you're a Football fanatic, you can watch your game, while eating brunch, while listening to live music!
We were recently in Scottsdale to celebrate my wife's 50th birthday which happened to fall on Sunday, the 16th. We were with another couple who always said this was the best Sunday brunch in America, (better than the Broadmoor Hotel in Colorado Springs and others). We were excited about the birthday as well as the highly recommended brunch.

Unfortunately, upon arrival, things went bad and never improved. We were seated at an outdoor table with a good view (one of the few positives), however, a circular pool of vomit was adjacent to one of our chairs. We had to ask for someone to come and clean it up. Instead of "I'm terribly sorry, let me seat you at another table," we just had to stand around the area and wait almost 10 minutes for the clean up to be completed.

During the delay, I decided to explore the buffet and what was being offered to make it so expensive. I started at the first area (inside) and was greeted by the stifling smell of rotten fish. Perhaps, that was what made the last person so sick. Moving quickly past to the row of food items arranged outside (where the air was fresh), I asked to see the lamb chops and beef tenderloin, both of which were cooked beyond "well done." Even the prime rib was overcooked and dry. The cooked meats appeared just right for my in-laws from Oklahoma, but out of the question for anyone who typically orders medium-rare. French toast and other egg items appeared to have been pre-cooked, certainly not to order. The only edible item was the fresh tacos being made to order by an old Mexican woman.

I returned to our table after the vomit was cleaned up, decided not to order the buffet and asked the waiter for a menu. My wife and the other couple opted for the buffet (against my recommendation). I waited at least 10 more minutes for the menu to come and the waiter disappeared again. Finally, I ordered a simple bacon cheeseburger and fries for which, again, I had to wait almost 25 minutes. I guess I was being punished for not ordering the overpriced, overcooked buffet!

After we were through and left, I asked my wife how the tacos were (the ONLY thing she got from the buffet that she could eat). She said "fine, but hardly worth the price." I'm glad the other couple picked up the check as this was simply HORRIBLE food and a big disappointment! Do yourself a favor and skip the Sunday brunch at Rita's Cafe - no matter what people tell you.
To this day, all I can think about is their Shrimp Enchiladas. If you are going to order one thing from this restaurant, make it that. They come in a Fiestaware bowl...caked with a melt-in-your-mouth green Tomatillo sauce, topped with Sauza cheese. To make it even better, the inside has fresh shrimp, cooked just-right tortilla and topped with a fresh, crisp cabbage slaw (not mayo rich, just enough -- thinking they use sour cream instead?) So, I had this my first night and I could have eaten it for the next three nights while I was there. Heavenly.

The outdoor patio is wonderful, relaxing and even though it was chilly, there were plenty of heat lamps and I was a bit jealous of the folks that nabbed the fire pit. Live music pretty much every night (I'm not the one to judge this considering I don't venture much into guitar cover band land.) Service was a bit flake the first night, but the the second time we dined there the waitress was top notch. 

I heard that local folks often eat there even if they aren't staying at the hotel and I could see why. It's a beautiful setting, relaxing and wonderful local flavors.

P.S. Breakfast is good too! Opt for the al-a-cart breakfast if you're not a big eater in the mornings, the buffet seemed a tad much and overpriced for the amount of food you could actually eat from it. But, that's the American way!
This is THE PLACE for Sunday brunch.  The variety is amazing and the quality of food is top notch. 

The eggs benny are made to order and I  mentioned to the chef that I should have grabbed a crab cake in order to have crab cakes benny and he immediately sent a fellow to crab a cake and right away I had my crab cakes benny.   I was totally impressed.  I had the delicious lamb chops, prawns in some kind of garlic lemon sauce - very basic but very, very good.  There were salads galore, marinated mushrooms, etc.etc.  I could go on and on but there's just too much to list.  The desserts were so good, especially the Bananas Foster.  Had to split that, unfortunately.  My heart was willing but my stomach said, "no way!".

It isn't inexpensive, by any means, but I suggest that one eat very little the previous day and nothing the day of the "feast".  It's a treat but you certainly leave feeling like you got your money's worth, or close to it, because it's hard to eat that much food as it is a bit on the pricey side.  

Anyways, this is the brunch to attend and I will also mention that my vegetarian friends would find plenty to eat as well.  The service was second to none.  Great experience all around!
I can't believe anyone thinks this is the place for brunch! The food was ok, and the service was slow.  We arrived for Sunday Brunch booked on Open Table, and found out that booking brunch on Open Table actually gives you the "breakfast" buffet, which is really nothing special (the free hotel buffet at Hilton Garden Inn or Holiday Inn Express is just as good and fresh). You needed a steak knife to cut the over done sausages (Denny's has better pancakes and sausages at 1/8 the price). We got a great view with our table facing the door into the hotel, not the beautiful grounds (I guess they try and jam more tables in for the brunch). The breakfast buffet at the Westin Kierland is 100 times better than Rita's, with fresher food and a much better selection. The front staff was totally apathetic and showed very poor customer service training. They blamed me, not Open Table, for booking breakfast (even though I explained I clicked on the brunch category and link).
There's no disputing the beauty of the setting, but the club sandwich I had for lunch was ordinary at best.  At $15 it was overpriced.  Service, however, was wonderful, and I'll probably return.
Good food and great service. Of course, if you're staying in the camelback you'll most definitely have already been here.

Warning, there is no Sunday brunch in the summer months!

I recommend the tortilla soup, and don't get the soupy, salty enchiladas!
Rita's Kitchen does have great food. However, their brunch that is offered October through May only is overpriced. $59 a person plus tip. This place is a great place to do happy hour on Friday or Saturday night out on the large patio which is beautifully lit and has that romantic feel to it. It
Great breakfasts and dinners. I loved the huevos rancheros. The chocolate cookies for dessert are to die for. I'll definitely return!
I do love Rita's. The food is creative, fresh and generally delicious. Rita's is a lot of fun when the weather is cooler and you can dine out on the patio and listen to music on a Saturday night. I have had several items on the menu The tableside guacamole is great as are the vegetable tacos.  Service is hit or miss, and at times is a bit awkward but that has never stopped us from coming back. I have not tried their Sunday brunch, however it is on my list.
Well done food in a welcoming environment.  Despite the conference lunch crush, the staff was efficient and friendly with very minimal wait times.  I had the tortilla soup which was fantastic.
This is a $$$$ place. Great atmosphere and service at the Camelback Inn, but very pricy; $16 for a regular 2 egg breakfast that should be $6-7 anywhere else?
I'm a big fan of chips and salsa. The salsa tree was great. I'd go back just for that and the view. The guac was pretty good. My friends say the fish tacos were delicious but they assumed they were getting three as opposed to two. Although, the two tacos were packed with big pieces of fish. The drinks were great and Dennis the server was very attentive.
Definitely a restaurant that I'd go back to. My brother took us here while we were visiting him in town and the scenery was breathtaking, the service was fantastic (thanks to our awesome server Dennis) and the food was very good.

We started with the guacamole and trio of salsas and all of us were super impressed with the flavor of both appetizers and the delicious chips.

Moving on to the main course, I got a bleu cheese bacon burger, which was good - not the best I've ever had but certainly a good burger.

As for the drinks, I had two different types of margaritas and enjoyed both. This is certainly a great place to enjoy the views and hang out with friends.
i was very impressed with this restaurant in paradise valley.  We had a wonderful dining experience.  The atmosphere was fabulous, sitting outside under the desert stars. Listening to some great live music on Wednesday night. Rita Rita margarita was smooth and the guacamole is made fresh.  the steak tacos were excellent with some great homemade tortillas.  i highly recommend this restaurant.
My friend had the idea to go to Rita's Kitchen on New Year's Day. I am not a big brunch buffet fan. It's usually a woeful disappointment at best and a waste of time and money. 

Rita's Kitchen was one of the best buffets I've ever experienced. Everything I tried was very fresh and high quality even at 1:45 in the afternoon. Never thought I'd say it, but the blackberries on the fruit bar were the highlight of my meal. Also had brie, manchego, salami, lox, grilled vegetables, prime rib, crab claws, shrimp cocktail and scampi, skirt steak, salad, and lots of champagne. Service was great, view of the mountains and location on the patio was fantastic. 

This was a memorable experience. I would strongly recommend Rita's to a friend and will return myself.
I don't give five stars lightly.  Rita's is a 5 star everything.  Dining in the Sunday sunshine, with a creative little trio playing in the background, an endless supply of coffee, and a waiter with a smile a yard long was a most pleasant way to spend time with friends.  Dine on the patio, you won't be disappointed.  My omelette was perfectly fluffy, filled with MY requested additions, my hubby's burger was possibly the best he'd ever had, and the fries were obviously hand cut and fried to nirvana.  We'll be back, Rita!!!!
I actually feel that three stars is a bit generous for this visit (1/15/12).  This could easily have been a five star review.  The setting is amazing.  The buffet, above average, and it included "bottomless" champagne or mimosas, which makes the $60/per person price tag hurt a little less.  There were countless options to indulge in...Outside they were offering perfect lamb chops, mini crab cakes, shrimp scampi, several fresh cooked fish options,\ delicious quesadillas and tacos, prime rib carving station.  In side we were greeted by a glorious meat and cheese selection, lox, fruit bar, cold seafood options including seared Ahi tuna, crab claws, shrimp and cocktail sauce. A breakfast station serving up made to order pancakes, eggs benedict, and omelets, a pastry stand and a selection of breakfast meats.  Lastly, an enormous selection of desserts including bananas foster made to order.  Sounds amazing, right?

My problems with our experience at Rita's Kitchen had little to do with the food and everything to do with the service...and the birds, but I will get to that later.  The service started out great.  We placed our order, the four of us that ordered the buffet were served our mimosas and the other's were brought their coffee.  We visited the buffet and the meals from the regular menu were served.  Our beverages were topped off a couple of times and then our server seemed to disappear.  We actually had to wave him down (or someone else) if we needed anything.  This went on for the duration of our meal.  To top it all off, as plates were pre-bussed from tables, servers left them stacked at the bus station adjacent to our table. They did not clear the food so a large flock of obnoxious birds decided to feast on the remnants.  We were, literally, surrounded by birds; they dropped chunks of food on our table as the flew away, cackled so loudly that we could hardly think and to top it all of one of the birds relieved itself as it flew over us.  The load narrowly missed my friend, but ended up landing on the jacket hanging on the back of her chair.  Disgusting!  We were offered an extra cloth napkin to help clean up the mess, but not so much as an apology from the server or a manager.  

Great food, questionable service, repulsive birds...
My go to place for a nice, relaxing dinner with great views, live music (every night) and a beutiful atmosphere/charm.  I bring  alot of out of town guests here, and they always love it.  It has an old Phoenix feel.  It is kid friendly, and all of the employees know our names.  We love to sit outside on a nice night, and have drinks at the firepit after dinner.  RELAXING!
Took my sis here when she was in town for a late lunch that happened to coincide with their happy hour.  We each had a glass of wine and a salad.  The salads are really good and the happy hour prices are definitely right.  The beautiful atmosphere was so relaxing and the waitress didn't rush us at all.  So peaceful and great to catch up with my sis in such a serene setting.
The tableside guacamole is delicious but pricey at 15 dollars. The salads are crisp and good. The 'tickled pink' (or something like that) cosmopolitan is delicious. The outdoor patio area is beautiful and comfortable. I would have happily sat back and had a few more drinks enjoying the beautiful day on the patio. We will return for chips and guacamole and pink cosmos! I love the Camelback Inn ambiance so I might be sort of biased.
Absolutely the best brunch buffet I have seen. The $60/person price tag was a bit scary but definitely worth it. The service is amazing and each server treats every guest as their own. The view is spectacular especially during the spring and summer when you can truly enjoy the beautiful weather and scenery. Live music on the weekends which certainly enhances the dining experience. I don't even know where to begin with the food! Inside there is an omlette station where the chef even prepares waffles, french toast and pancakes. There is bacon, sausage, hash browns and oatmeal along with cheese blintzes (heavenly with the accompaning strawberry sauce). Moving more towards the patio, there is a set up with an assortment of fresh cheeses and meats including, but not limited to, brie, goat, manchego, aged cheddar, smoked salmon, beef carpaccio and so on and so on. There is an array of fresh fruit including pineapple, rasberries, blackberries, strawberries, melons, grapes etc. The raw bar has blackened ahi, shrimp cocktail, snow crab claws and more. Outside, there is a prime rib carving station, fresh crab cakes, filet mignon medallions, swordfish, snapper, shrimp scampi and scallops. There is a pasta station where a woman mixes in desired toppings with a marinara or an alfredo sauce. Next to her a lovely woman makes homemade tortillas which she makes into quesadillas or tacos with fresh salsas and guacamole. Im sure there are many items that I am forgetting! Moving on to dessert, there is a chocolate fountain with fruits and cookies and rice krispies to dip! There is also ice cream and a made to order bananas foster station. There is also a setup of pastries and cheesecakes and cupcakes and more! 
Honestly this is one of my absolute favorite brunch spots, and my boyfriend and I truly enjoy every second of this amazing feast. Of course the bottomless mimosas dont hurt! For special occasions this is my go to choice, or for the relaxing sunday brunch date with a significant other or a group of friends, Rita's kitchen truly caters to every group!
This has to be my favorite buffet.  If you're looking for something like a casino buffet, this place is NOT it.  If you want quality food that won't make you feel like crap afterwards, then this is the place for you.  I took my family here for Sunday champagne brunch, and everyone left very happy and full.  There's a made-to-order eggs and omelette station, cheese and charcuterie, oatmeal/cereal, grilled veggies, salads, fruit, quesadilla and taco station, seafood and steak station, pasta station, and desserts galore!  Everything is so well made that you feel like you're eating at a gourmet restaurant instead of a buffet.  We got a seat by the window so we were able to enjoy the beautiful Arizona scenery too.
Rita's Kitchen is a hidden gem located right smack in the center of the Camelback Inn. While this may be a hot-spot for hotel guests, I think that locals might be missing out on its charm. 

I am a huge fan of anything the Camelback Inn does, especially since they offer live music and a great space for relaxation and Rita's Kitchen is no exception. This restaurant is airy and opens up to the spacious Camelback Inn patio where they play live music every night. 

Breakfast: 

Breakfast at Rita's is sublime and pretty reasonably priced. They offer a breakfast buffet for around $23 which includes eggs made to order (including omelets), pancakes, waffles, pastries, fresh fruit, bacon, sausage and hashbrowns. It's a great pick for a leisurely weekend breakfast. Just today was Mother's Day and while we only did the breakfast buffet, I did catch a glimpse of the Mother's Day brunch and holy moly do they know how to wow a crowd! Not only did they have stations set up all throughout the restaurant, patio and R-Bar, but they also had an extensive dessert area with build-your-own sundaes, freshly made cotton candy (in an old fashioned cotton candy maker) and a long dessert table with a chocolate fountain. 

Lunch:

Lunch here is sublime and I also enjoy either the tacos or the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich is particularly a favorite of mine due to the cheese and sauce. The fries are tasty as well and you can either get sweet potato or regular. I also get sweet potato then regret not just getting the regular which are better in my mind. If the weather permits, sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful water fountains, views of the mountain and tropical/desert setting.
Sixty dollars for brunch and they give you cheap snow crab instead of king crab like the 
Westin which is also much cheaper! I would rate it higher but for 60 dollars the quality should be better and truly 5 star!
Rita's/R bar was a somewhat disappointing experience. While the margaritas tasted great, the glasses were primarily full of ice and they weren't particularly strong. When paying 12 per I expect more. We ordered enchiladas and tacos which were decent but the guacamole was a let down. Hardly seasoned. When we asked for them to make it spicy they wanted to charge us another 2.50. It's a small sum but when you're staying at the premier resort in the area I don't expect to be nickel and dimed for a spoon of jalapenos. Not to mention who doesn't offer guacamole at varying spice levels? Long story short its a bit out of the way but the local places in old town are well worth the cab ride. But also be weary of the cab company the hotel will recommend. They too price gouge you. Have them call discount cab instead.
Got the buffet.  Decent selection.

Crunchy French Toast...boring and under-seasoned.  

$55 for 2 people is a little high for average breakfast.
My husband and I ate here for lunch as we were waiting for our room to be ready (we were checking in early).  The restaurant is very inviting and I liked the decor.  We had a great window seat the overlooked the outdoor terrace and the mountains in the background was lovely!    The hostess was very friends and our waiter was attentive and fairly personable.  

I ordered the Beet & Goat Cheese salad with Grilled Chicken and it was quite good!  Even though I liked it very much, I would only give it a 3 out of 5 because they didn't use Roasted Beets...I believe that they were canned beets.   Still good, but roasted beets would have knocked it out of the park!  The salad had spinach, mild goat cheese, mandarin oranges, red onion, and delicious candied pecans....with a balsamic vinaigrette.  It was a very good salad.  I wished I had ordered the small serving though because it was a large salad!  The 

My Husband ordered the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with fries.  The fries were SO good!  The sandwich was equally good, but spicy from the roasted pablano that was on it.

Net-net....it was a very good lunch, but I can only give it 3 stars because it cost us $40 for a salad, a sandwich, a soda (I had water),and gratuity.  For $40.00 for lunch, it should have been outstanding, not just very good.  I get that it's in a resort, but still.
We went out to brunch with a large party and had the breakfast buffet, the food was amazing, but the service was awful. Our server seemed annoyed that we were there and wasn't attentive. Everyone got a bottomless mimosa (11$ each) there were several times where everyone had empty glasses and there was maybe 5 other tables there at the time. Then he added gratuity, which is fine, but I feel 50$ gratuity for filling our mimosas and doing nothing else is a bit much, especially since we had to keep asking for refills. We will be going back, but in small groups from now on
Can't like loved the pork dish they had. Service was nice love the scene. It's a older crowd but don't take them lightly they were drinking margaritas like they were going outta style. The drinks were good. Wasn't to bad for kids either even though my 2yr old was a bit loud the live music drowned him out from other tables. I'd def go back.
Had dinner at Rita's last night on the patio following the Yelp Cocktail Society event.  I'm starting to become a bigger fan of resort restaurants.  Number one, they have gorgeous patios, Camelback Inn included, that exceed anything you find elsewhere.  Number two, nightly entertainment.  This comes with higher prices, but I'm already a fan before I even order.  But Rita's did not disappoint in that department either.

At our server's suggestion, we ordered the fish tacos (mahi mahi) and chicken enchiladas.  The tacos ($15) were served with ranchero beans and a brown vegetable rice.  Okay, let's get the one negative out of the way.  The rice was terrible.  Dry, flavorless.  Yep, tasted like brown rice.  The tacos, made with house-made corn tortillas, were really tasty.  The fish was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The beans were delicious.  But lucky for me, the best meal was the enchiladas drenched in red pasilla sauce, cotija cheese, and topped with a creamy slaw.  Best enchilada sauce ever.  However, at $17 for two enchiladas, might I suggest they include a side dish?  Preferably the beans.  And let's not forget to mention the warm chocolate cookies with ice cream.  Order it if offered.  You will only be disappointed you only get 3.

We also had the chance to have the guacamole and the chips & salsa tree at the cocktail event.  The guacamole was really good, but seeing it for $15 on the menu, I don't know about that.  That's up there with paying $9 for a baked potato at a steak house.  I would, however, fork out the $7 for the chips & salsa which is served with four salsas.  The creamy verde was my favorite, but they were all good.

As for the service.  Jacqueline was really exceptional.  There was a miscommunication on my husband's drink order (mostly his fault), but she quickly rectified it.  And then when he ordered a second old-fashioned, she took it upon herself to take the time to get it from the event bar, rather than the restaurant bar, so that he could have a second wax-dipped glass after noticing we had one sitting at the table.  She also offered to bring us a bag to take home all the stuff we accumulated during the evening.  Ten stars for Jacqueline!

And now my friends, I must go eat my leftover enchilada.  All this talking about it...
You'll read a lot about trying the "Golden Gazpacho." Believe the buzz, it's delicious. Definitely worth eating at.
My new favorite place. Went there the first time this past week.  Won't be my last time.  There is a wide selection of margaritas and the wine was delicious.  big portion of food and it was delicious. The best part - sitting on the patio listening to live music and watching the fire pit!  This is the place to go whether on date night, a work night or whenever!    Camelback Inn is a beautiful resort.
Wow $60 per person for brunch. You better be drinking a few mimosas to make it worth it. Although the spread was impressive: crab claws, shrimp, sauteed scallops, fresh crab cakes, all kinds of cheese and bread, freshly made omlets, pancakes, and french toast, and a very impressive desert spread. The patio is great on a sunny day, complete with live music, and the grounds are great. Just make sure you're drinking to get your money's worth.
We ate out on the patio last night. The weather was gorgeous the band was terrific and the food was delicious. In my previous review I forgot to mention their margaritas. They are my favorite margs in town. They are expensive but I love the fresh lime juice. I had the special which was grouper fish with asparagus and mashed potatoes. It was very flavorful and nicely prepared. My friend ordered seafood tacos.
Excellent experience here!

I highly recommend the shrimp enchilladas in green sauce as well as the carne asada tacos.

Sit outside and enjoy the weather, live music and great atmosphere. The drinks are STRONG so be advised. 

Yes, it's expensive, know that before you go.
My husband made a reservation for Mothers Day, for four people. Myself, mother in-law, son, and husband walked in with excitement until we met the hostess and some guy seating everyone. We asked if we could sit outside and the guy snidely asks "Well did you request to sit outside on the reservation?" My husband responded with "No... there was no option to do that." Guy rudely responds with "well.. normally people request to be seated outside when making a reservation. And all of those tables are reserved for people who requested it." He started walking away... turns around and says "I'll seat you now." Mind you, he grabbed four menus ( my son is 4 years old and looks like it... no possible way you could mistake him for being able to read a menu), I asked him if we could have the kids menu with crayons... he stopped and freaking rolling his eyes right at me! I should have turned around and walked right out. Not a good first impression, I didn't want to spoil the morning so I went along with it. Oh and he sat us as far away from outside as possible, bypassing all of the tables near the patio, we were the third group in the restaurant... only two other tables were taken. Our waitress was really nice and attentive... kudos to her! The breakfast buffet was phenomenal, I would totally go back... except if I see that guy again I'd probably punch him in the throat.  I guess someone told him that my husband is a supervisor for Marriott because the guy came back a little while later to kiss some ass, asking how our meal was... we just ignored him until he went away. When we were done (an hour and fifteen minutes later) guess what? The restaurant was STILL nowhere near capacity. There should have been no problem for that jackass to seat us outside or near the patio, he just wanted to be a jerk.
One of the best Sunday brunches in AZ. Great selection from breakfast to full carving stations. Staff is very friendly. Our waitress Suzi was awesome! I'll post pics
I skipped the brunch and instead ordered Huevos Rancheros. So glad! It was great! Service was excellent. Plus sitting outside made the dinig experience A+. If I am ever in Scottsdale again, would definietly go here again.
Reasonably good and fairly prices southwestern small plates. Good happy hour selection, nice views if out on patio.  Come early to get seats.
Fantastic restaurant! Best table side guacamole in town. Great patio atmosphere & live jazz or 70s music. Fantastic beet salad, fish dishes, tacos, enchiladas, & blackberry hibiscus mojitos. One of the best brunches I've ever been to as well. Great service.
I joined a local friend here for dinner, and was very glad that she had recommended it. The food and service were excellent, and it was particularly fun having the (high quality) guacamole prepared fresh at our table. The hotel and grounds are also lovely, and I would have explored them a bit more thoroughly if  it hadn't been raining.
This review is overdue!  I'm sad to say that I don't remember the name of my server, but she was SO NICE.  I stopped by for lunch during a business trip, and I had some time to kill.  I ordered my lunch and a water with lemon.  The waitress was great about refilling my water and "making sure that I would stay hydrated".  It was really wonderful, and made me feel taken care of - kind of like a kid, but not in a childish way.  In a "I just care" kind of way.  She even prepared me a plastic to go cup of water with a lemon in it, and I refilled it all day long.

I've actually been here twice (once for dinner and once for lunch). Everything is delicious.  Perfectly cooked, thoughtful, and fresh.  The margaritas are fantastic, and the guacamole is delicious.  I highly recommend coming here, even if you are not staying at the Camelback.
Atmosphere is amazing, absolutely beautiful location. The food was sub par. The tacos were soggy and the enchiladas were bland. I'll go back for drinks but I'll eat elsewhere.
When I was pondering where to go for a breakfast meeting a few weeks ago, my husband suggested choosing from one of the many local resort restaurants... 

It was a great idea, and I'm not sure why I didn't think of it on my own.  I took it and ran with it and headed to Rita's with Lindsey D.  Rita's was awesome for breakfast that day... we both found great parking spots and walked right in.  There was not a wait and the weather was perfect for us to dine alfresco.  Service was top notch and food was fabulous too!  And the best thing? They didn't seem to mind that we stayed after our meal to take advantage of their free wifi to work for a bit!  

So why only three stars, you might be wondering?  

Well, I had such a wonderful breakfast that day, that I ended up suggesting Rita's for a group dinner the following week, and I've since been back two more times; once for lunch and another time for dinner with my husband.  After those three additional visits, I can say that I still recommend Rita's for the following:

*breakfast
*drinks alfresco with a fabulous view
*chips and tableside prepared guacamole
*lunch if you don't mind paying a premium for the setting
*a kid friendly environment
*live music in the evenings 7 days a week

I find that while breakfast at Rita's is reasonably priced, lunch and dinner can get pricey and the food is really nothing to write home about.  I had a salad for lunch, a fish entree for one dinner, and the chicken tortilla soup at the other dinner.  I also sampled my husband's chicken wings and chicken entree.  If you go for lunch or dinner, Rita's Chopped Salad is tasty, but the entree portion is small... so is the starter portion, but I expected that from a starter.  I do not recommend the chicken tortilla soup, chicken wings, halibut, or chicken entree.  I'd probably go for a burger or tacos if I end up at Rita's for dinner in the future.

If you care less about food quality and more about convenience, ambiance, the ability to reserve a table for a group, and/or a place that is kid-friendly... don't hesitate to head to Rita's.  I am indeed a fan of this local resort gem for the entire experience (save for some of the aforementioned menu items).  I'm sure I'll head back (likely for breakfast), but won't be rushing to Rita's for lunch or dinner anytime too soon.
I ordered the whole grain salad. Good stuff. Quinoa and the rest were good and the chicken is lightly seasoned to give it some extra flavor. What was actually awesome was their pulled pork soup which I actually stole a bite (then many more) from my wife. Wow! I would eat that soup every week!

Warning though, we came in during lunch rush (1pm or so) and it must have taken 35-40 minutes to get our food. This place was packed and you could see that the food was coming out as quick as it could, but it's going to be a wait!!!
I can see where an off-season dinner in 95 degrees can cause an off night, but good staff will overcome. Have had pleasant meals at Rita's before, tonight's was horrible, even with the place nearly empty.
Calamari appetizer arrived within minutes of ordering, took three bites, and our main plates arrived. Okay, the cooks are bored, but with this view, I really don't want to be rushed. No one asked if we wanted another drink, and no one filled water glasses until just before the check arrived. Did I mention it was 95 degrees? Food was nothing special, could do these enchiladas at home easily. Sorry, but the magic here is gone.
We came here and sat inside for dinner, then went outside afterward to have a drink.  This place has great outdoor patio seating, with views of the mountains with water fountains and cabanas (the outdoor area is shared with R Bar, which has a small menu of drinks and apps itself).  They also have live music on the patio, there was an acoustic band playing Beetles songs when we went.  I would definitely recommend sitting on the patio if it is nice outside.
Our first visit. Sat on the patio and after 10 long minutes had to flag a server. If not for a time crunch my guest and I would have left. Servers all appeared overwhelmed and less than friendly. Not acceptable for upscale Scottsdale establishment on a Friday night. Good management appears to be lacking and it's a shame as this location has all the ingredients to be 4-5 stars consistently.
This place was good. I had a Super Vegetarian Burrito with potatoes and it was good. Could've had a bit more beans, but that's ok, Since a Vegetarian Burrito didn't normally come with potatoes. Burrito was $4.37. Good cheap eats. I'd return for sure.
I love hole in the wall places - this one is definitely it!

I am very tempted to give it 2 stars - but because the food was very hot, fresh, and good, I had to go with the 3 stars.

We met after my grandson's baseball game for a quick lunch on a Saturday. This place is nothing to look at from the outside, looks like a Taco Hut right off the beaten path of Apache Junction. 

There are about 5 tables total and a little bit of standing room at the counter. The best part was that they spoke English!

We ordered our food and pulled some tables together since there was 7 of us. Here is where my problem started, BIG SIGN says "NOW WE HAVE AC!" Thank goodness I thought since it was 90 degrees outside!

NO AC working today - Yes there was a wall unit AC at both ends, but I think only one of them was working partly.  Just sitting there eating I was in a sweat! I can't do that, no matter how good the food is.

My advice - come and take your food home! Or better yet eat outside if it's cool enough.
We have been to Los Favoritos twice. The first time we had nachos and were disappointed, I could have done that. We tried a second time for breakfast and found the bean and egg burrito and the green chili burrito to be delicious! We will try again as we have heard the ceviche and the burgers are delicious. If they turn out to be a hit I will raise my star level!
My wife and I are addicted to this place. Not much to look at, not many seats... but if you are looking for some good mexican food, this taco shack is awesome. I would even take it a step further and say they are better the bertos chains.
I have upgraded Los Fave's to 5 stars! 

I'm SO GLAD I gave them another try! I now go every Saturday morning for a bean and egg burrito and often during the week for a green chile burrito for dinner. Their red salsa is INCREDIBLE!

Update on the hamburger reference in my earlier review...I'm told they are nasty:(. But I don't care, I don't eat hamburgers anyway! I still want to try to ceviche!
Good food for the price. Definitely better than the chains. We had the vegetarian (rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, onion, guacamole) and the adobada (ground beef) burritos with red (mild) and green (medium) sauce on the side. The vegetarian burrito was very large. It was $9 for both.
This little shack serves good food.  They are a Filibertos clone, with all of the same food, but I think they they make most of the food better, or at least as good.  The California Burrito is awesome.  So why do I only give them 3 stars?  It is a shack in a dirt lot.  Honestly, that keeps me away.  I realise that most of these type of shops are in rundown or older buildings, but this place is particularly old.  A newer building with a drive through would get my 5 star rating.
BOMB!!!!!! Enough said! I am super picky with mexican food too.
Solid breakfast burritos. Full of flavor, they don't skimp on the meat and potatoes. I also prefer tasting the tortilla and they deliver. My friend enjoyed hers too, but prefers more egg. Great to stop and go grab a quick bite after a hike. No need to feel underdressed...after writing all this a trip to the bathroom changed my feelings about coming here. A backed up, unmaintained rest room *barf* if that's how the public restroom is I can only wonder about the kitchen (where my thoughts go).
A tucked-away Stockbridge gem that has been on my list of places to try for some months and it still is! How, you may ask, can I be reviewing a restaurant I have yet to try? Well, dear reader, I went there last week for a work christmas party and had a very good time. But I remember very little of the evening. THAT's how good a time I had.
A small, cosy, intimate restaurant with a Mexican theme; the staff managed to make a party of 12 seem not only welcome, but a joy to behold (I'm not sure this sentiment was shared by the other diners).
The menu is classically Mexican, but the execution is a class above the bog-standard. Nachos, natch; chimichangas, burittos and enchilladas ditto, but all done (reportedly) to perfection. There are also Mexican style steaks and fish for the less conventional.
There may be puddings; I can't remember. They do serve cocktails and liquers, for which I hold them entirely responsible. 
So, as I said at the outset, I shall return to The Blue Parrot Cantina for a more sedate and considered meal as soon as they let me back in the door.
The Blue Parrot is a quirky little place in Stockbridge. The chicken and cashew chimichanga I had was extremely good, packed with mountains of succulent chicken. Their soup was tasty, also. Service wasn't quite what it could have been, and their cellar-conversion toilets will divide opinion, but it's well worth a visit.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed with the Blue Parrot. It served me two good dishes, in quirky surroundings...I'm not the world's biggest fan of Mexican food, not least because over the years I've eaten in some very ropey Mexican places around Edinburgh, but I'd happily head back here the next time I'm feeling the need."
I really hope I just caught this restaurant on a bad day. The food was bland and tasteless, with hardly any sauce in some of the wraps. And the noise level is atrocious. Avoid.
When you google 'Mexican Edinburgh' , Pancho Villas is quite far down on the page, but it shouldn't be. Yes, it's a franchise, and yes, it's not the most glamorous  of places, but it is one of my favourites in Edinburgh. There is definitely an atmosphere in this restaurant -  a cosy, welcoming and happy one reflected in the service and on the faces of other customers. Straight away you know you've got a good one. Ok, so the surroundings aren't considered chic, but it's quaint. 

But let's get down to business - the food. It would be hard to get Mexican food wrong, right? They couldn't get it wrong in Pancho's , every single dish is as mouth-watering as the last. I don't think I've ever spent so long choosing what to have, usually the best option jumps out at you. I considered ordering 3 dishes during one of my visits because I simply couldn't choose. I would highly recommend the  burrito - either chicken or beef (well...on the menu it's 'spicy chicken' or 'spicy beef' - i'm a spice pussy and I can eat it quite happily). The only criticism I personally have is with presentation - they tend to put sala, guacamole and sour cream on top of the tortilla which I find messy and unbalanced...but hey that's personal.
the fajitas are amongst the best I've ever had. 

So, what I'm trying to say is, if you are looking for a nice, cosy place to sit in with your boyfriend/girlfriend/lover/mistress/son/daughter/family/wheoever, and you can't be bothered changing from your hoody and trackies, go to Pancho Villas. you will get great food, a good atmosphere, and even better cocktails. what's not to want?
Ok so I ordered the wrong thing when I came here last time. I meant to order the quesadilla but ended up with a burrito. Not a bad thing, but my buds weren't ready.

The staff wern't very attentive this time, we had to order our drinks at the bar and they came and took our order when the drinks had arrived. It was fine though.

The food was still good! The wine was a bit warm, but that's ok.  
It's never really busy here, don't know why but it isn't!
So I decided to venture from my usual Mexican restaurant on this trip to Edinburgh to try a new one.  I read the menu while I was standing outside and that's why I decided to try it.

The first waitress kept rushing me along saying, "This table is booked for 7.  Ok?"  I got it the first time.  I think I had 3 waitresses during my short dinner.  The last two, however, were very attentive and very hospitable.

I ordered a Corona to go with my meal...and it wasn't cold at all.  The Tortilla Soup was not quite what I expected, but I have to say it looked beautiful...but the taste...not sure if it was the lukewarm soup itself, the crumbled cheese, or the rock hard pieces of avocado, but it was not good.

I then ordered the Enchilada Toluca.  The menu says that there is a cream sauce, but there was definitely no sauce on this, just melted cheese on top, however I thought it was delicious, although there could have been more chorizo in the enchilada.  The rice was pretty bland, but the refried beans were wonderful.  The beans had a lot of flavor.

Overall...it wasn't the worst Mexican food I've had, but it certainly was not the best.
Not the greatest Mexican food around. Then again, this is Edinburgh...not Los Angeles, so it wasn't very shocking. For some peculiar reason or other, the South seems to have a few decent Mexican places but there's somewhat of a dearth up here. I'd actually rate this place 1-star but our server was lovely and brought us our drinks and food in a timely manner.
OMG The Chili Con Carne here was sooooooo freaking tasty it was unreal. The rice was like spicy and orange, perfect amount of jalapenos and it was such a big, satisfying portion! Really worth the price and would love to try other things on the menu too!!
Don't let the name fool you, this place is definitely more tex-mex than Mexican. The margaritas are strong and the food is tasty (regardless of its authenticity). Our waiter was really friendly and was on top of our empty glasses throughout lunch.
After having already tried Viva Mexico once, we thought we would be adventurous and try Pancho Villas, but we came away disappointed. This place has a great location and, as such, is usually busy. However, that is because it is touristy and looks inviting, but the food betrays it and is quite basic and not authentic Mexican at all. To top it off, the staff is unfriendly and even at times disdaining.
Having walked past many times, finally decided to go in and try it out tonight.

Ordered a variety of dishes, nachos, guacamole, tortilla soup, poblano, ribs & rustic lamb. Food was ok. Nothing spectacular.  Service was nothing to write home about. We were shown to a table which still had napkins on the floor. 

I don't have anything overly negative to say but don't have much positive to say either. I wouldn't choose to dine here again.
Pancho Villas has been around for a while, it seems to get enough business to stick around, but I am not entirely sure how... I have had better chili from several pubs and Illegal Jack's, cheaper too. Enchiladas and Fajitas were also uninspired and lacking a spice hit.

A friend said they make a great margarita, however if I need to be inebriated to enjoy the food I don't see the point of paying a restaurant price.

To use the description so handily provided by yelp; meh, I've experienced better.
So ... we've been in the UK since January and have missed real Mexican food. Consider that I had spent the last six months of 2012 in California where real Mexican food can be found just around the corner from where ever you are. 

We were wandering down the Royal Mile, intending to eat at a restaurant where we had reservations only to find that they closed about 30 minutes after our reservation time. Not wanting to be rushed, we looked across the street, saw Pancho Villas, and decided to take a risk. After all, how would the UK's interpretation of Mexican food taste? Imagine my surprise and delight to have a meal similar to what I would find in southern California. Granted, ingredient substitutions are made based on what's available in the UK however considering that the owner is Mexican and some of his staff are Mexican, I appreciated finally finding tasty Mexican food in the UK.
A great place. Good service!  Margaritas were small for a Texan but good. Order the enchiladas suizas!  Muy bueno!  We also ordered combo fajitas and the chicken quesadilla. The best though were the enchiladad!
Sorry, not Mexican food.
I wanted to like this place. I really did. The decor reminded my of some of my favorite Mexican places from home. Then I heard Spanish being spoken and my heart almost stopped with joy. Then the food arrived and the joy stopped. I ordered my usual chicken burrito and was disappointed from the first bite. 
My burrito consisted of shredded chicken meat, which was over seasoned and tough, and that was it. No beans, no salsa, no cheese. NOTHING. I hate to tell you kids, but shredded meat does not a burrito make. 
The plate also had an over abundance of dry "flavored" rice and a pitiful amount of salsa. It was really some of the worst Mexican I have had around Europe. 

The reason why I gave this place two stars is because of the service. Seriously. These guys were nice, prompt, polite, and a basic joy. I would go back for beer and nachos just for them.
Great food, margaritas are smooth, service is great. Good value. Just the perfect amount of spicy. Will come back next time.
Although I was having fun traveling, and in love with Edinburgh, I couldn't shake the emptiness that I felt. It had been several weeks since I left the west coast of California and therefore just that much time since I had enjoyed a burrito...or even a taco.  I could feel the absence of Mexican food and it weighed upon me.

Then, one evening, as I glanced out of the window from where we were staying, I noticed the "Viva Mexico" sign.  "Mexican food...in Scotland? Get the [insert expletive here] out!" I exclaimed. I was sure it was merely travel weariness playing tricks upon me. So, we went the next evening to check out what I was sure would prove a mirage.

The "Viva Mexico" experience did not disappoint.  The price at first was shocking for thanks to geography, I'm accustomed to getting superb Mexican food at bargain-basement prices.  The food was was in retrospect, acceptable, but at the time the fact that it was Mexican food (extra star!) made it taste as if each dish were sprinkled with magic.  We ordered a tomato-based tortilla soup, quesadillas (they call them quesadas and in their defense, they were big), Sonora style-refried beans, and they special made some potato-chickpea flautas.  We topped these off with freshly made margaritas.  The dinner was expensive but the atmosphere was lively and the staff was both sweet and accommodating.  And, it instantly cured my culinary case of homesickness. 

TIP: If you go, sit in the back.  You'll get a glorious view overlooking Waverley bridge.
If, like me, you've endured many a wintry day strolling around the sites of Edinburgh and find yourself yearning for scrumptious finger food, ample amounts of cerveza, and the inviting warmth of a rustic candlelit environment, you can do no better than to venture up the quaintly cobbled Cockburn Street to find Viva la Mexico. 

Although the notion of authentic Mexican cuisine in the middle of the Scottish Capital sounds...well, a little far-fetched, wait until you've dipped some crispy calamares into a spicy chipotle mayonnaise dip and lapped it up with a chilled Modelo Especial, then the idea of authentic Mexican food in Scotland won't sound so outlandish! With some truly cracking enchiladas and equally tempting sizzling fajitas, Viva La Mexico is a sure bet for a flavour packed evening with friends and family alike. Unless your planning on dining with a large group (6 and above), in which case I would advise booking via phone, its usually possible to get a table on an adhoc basis. An average meal (Food and drink) is around 20 per head, so it shouldn't be too hard to rally some amigos, huddle around a table and savor the delights of some Mexican food that packs a flavoursome punch. Oh, and make sure you order extra re-fried beans, a trusty accompaniment for any wholesome Mexican dish!
Located on the very interesting Cockburn Street just next to the Royal Mile, this Mexican Restaurant was a pleasant and refreshing surprise. It offers a very good lunch deal offering Sopa del Dia(a type of bean soup) with a main of  Burritos or Chimichanga or Tacos Del Pollo or Enchiladas with a choice of chicken,beef,pork or vegetable fillings all for 5.50pounds! And the portions are very satisfying as well.
Its a very colourful shop, with tall walls covered in mostly Zapatistas photographs. 
In the evenings, the downstairs room is available which is a little more cramped but a little more romantic if you get a window seat.(overlooking New Town). Book before hand for a Saturday night if you are a group. The staff are super friendly too.
There aren't a lot of places to get Mexican food, so when I find one, I like to try it, but am not usually wowed by it.  However, I love the chimichangas at Viva Mexico, especially with the carnitas.  This time around it was a little dry, but it was still full of flavor and delicious.  The beans are great, but the rice could use a little more flavor.  To start, try the chips and pico de gallo.  The pico de gallo has great flavor and be warned it is very spicy, but absolutely wonderful.  The margaritas are strong, and the cerveza is ice cold.

I love the atmosphere, the staff are friendly, and every time I bring new friends, they love it!
Arriba!! Arriba!!

Mexico has landed in Edinburgh with Viva Mexico, one of the best Tex Mex places I have had the pleasure of going to. The staff are great, the dcor brings all the vibrancy I expect when I think of Mexico, and the food is amazing.

During the day you can choose from their lunch menu which is surprisingly generous, offering the Sopa del Dia (soup of the day), with a choice of (chicken / beef / pork / veggie) burritios, tacos, enchiladas and chimichanga. The burritos are awesome, definitely go for them but the other stuff is really good as well. 

Moving onto the evening, it is a good idea to book a table, as it fills up quickly. I was always a bit sceptical of Mexican restaurants, as I thought I could just make it myself but Ay Yay Yay!!! how wrong I was. Well I can make Mexican food but just nowhere near as good as these guys. The camerones (king prawns) in chipotle sauce are de puta madre! (lets translate that as absolutely spiffing darling), and the fajitas are pretty damn fine as well. The atmosphere is really good here, it is always vibrant and the staff are really friendly. It is pretty good value as well for the quality of the food on offer.

If all Mexican food is as bueno as this then definitely Viva Mexico!!!
BEST MEXICO FOOD IN ALL OF SCOTLAND!

Okay you might ask why do I want Mexican Food in Scotland, anyway?

I first went to Viva Mexico at the ripe age of 23 as a graduate student at the University of Edinburgh.  The original Viva Mexico was down a Close (walking corridor) very close to the current location on Cockburn Street, I remember how we used to finish up our studies and head out for some Mexican beer and nachos.

I was in Edinburgh in August for the Edinburgh Festival to see Paco Pena's new Flamenco premiere, so I convinced my travel companions to join me on a trip down memory lane to an old-time favorite eatery.

I'm not sure how to describe the food, except to say that if you have had stuffed nopales in Oaxaca or the street tacos in Cancun, you will appreciate when I say that this place is AUTHENTIC.  Not a Brit's idea of what Mexican food 'might taste like' if they didn't buy everything at Tesco, but instead an authentic, home made assortment of traditional Mexican food with moles and ranchero sauces when and where you expect them.

A wonderful find, a wonderful opportunity to relive my school days, and very happy to see that the kids are now running the restaurant in its larger, more posh location.

VIVA -- Viva Mexico!!!
Me gusta mucho Viva Mexico!! Es increble, y me hace om nom nom.

My debatable Spanish-skills aside, Viva Mexico ticks all my boxes.

Tasty, authentic Mexican food. Like quesidillas to start (mmm gooey, spicy, cheesy meaty goodness). And a burrito for main (mmm meaty, spicy, meaty cheesy goodness) and some tasty vino roso to keep my tastebuds cool. 

Friendly staff, efficient and take the time to care but also leave you alone enough to enjoy the meal. 

Fun, but stylish, decor inside bringing some mexican sunshine to a cold and windy Edinburgh.

Central, easy-to-find (5 minutes from North Bridge and Waverly Train Station) yet not 'overly popular'. 

I've been here for lunch with family, evening date-with-girlfriends and it'd be great as a pre-movie date dinner.

Mexican food is hard to come by in Scotland, I only know of a few restaurants in both the big cities, but Viva Mexico do it and they do it well.
This is the only place to get mexican food in Edinburgh, as far as I'm concerned! Yes, the place is decorated like a Tijuana gift shop, but everything was so delicious, I'm willing to overlook that.  There's a pretty standard selection of yum yums: nachos, tostadas, enchiladas, chimichangas, etc.  The bar also serves up a delicious frozen strawberry margarita in addition to several mexican beers.  

If you're looking for tacos that consist of pita bread filled with rice (curse you, Chiquito!!) then this may not be the mexican food for you.  But if you hail from West Coast and would shoot a baby penguin for some decent guacamole, you're in luck!
I was really sceptical about coming here, but I was pleasantly surprised!  I have heard the worst things from my husband about Mexican food in Edinburgh, but I have been craving Mexican and talking about it for days.  After reading the reviews on yelp, we decided to try and it and we were both very happy with our meals.  We tried the ceviche, veg plato national, and a quesada with chickpeas and potatoes.  All were awesome.  I wish the food had been spicier, but compared to the other food in this city, it was awesome.

We will definitely be going back when we have our next Mexican craving.
4.5 from me. 

As someone who has grown up on the Arizona/Mexico border, I would say I'm a pretty good judge of Mexican food, and Viva Mexico is pretty darn good considering how far from Mexico they are. 

I stumbled upon this place on a Friday night and had fairly low expectations (so far Mexican food in England has been dire). I was really presently surprised. The margaritas were delicious and authentic, the guacamole was fresh and the pico de gallo was very good. Had the fish tacos which were not quite the same as traditional baja fish tacos (different batter) but it came with a lovely chipotle sauce, cabbage and some very tasty refried beans. 

The restaurant itself was really cute. Very funky, fun Mexican decor with an eclectic mix of music. The staff was really friendly and the place had a fun, vibrant atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this place!
I'll start off by saying that I'm an American with American standards when it comes to Mexican food. Add to that list that I'm also originally from Texas and half Mexican and boy does that make me a picky eater. :) I've yet to find any Mexican food in Scotland that has lived up to my standards but decided to give Viva Mexico a shot! 

My friend and I spent the day a few weeks ago in Edinburgh touring the Castle and taking in the sights. After passing a few random cafes that served the same ol' stuff, I noticed Viva Mexico and with slight suspicion, decided to take a look at their menu. Being vegetarian, we're usually put off by loads of meaty meals, but at quick glance, we noticed a wide variety of veggie offerings and decided to try it out. 

I was immediately happy to see the colourful flare the restaurant had with all Hispanic memorabilia. We were taken downstairs to the lounge area and handed menus. 

We ordered Sonoras and Nachos to start and then order a veggie burrito and chick pea and potato enchiladas for our mains. I was bummed when I forgot to order rice, because in my mind, if the rice is bad, there's no hope for any other food on the plate. It was to my surprise that my meal came with rice and it was DELISH. My friend and I were amazed at the fresh ingredients, the taste of spices in each bite and the quickness at which the food was served. 

To top that off, we ordered the Chili Chocolate Cheesecake! Let me just tell you that you HAVE to try this dessert. It was amazing and spicy....but not too spicy. It was a perfect combination of flavors and it was the perfect ending to an otherwise perfect Mexican meal in Scotland. 

Even though the train ride to Edinburgh is 13+ pounds one way, it's so worth it knowing that Viva Mexico is there to greet us!
Loved it. 

We showed up at Viva Mexico late on a busy Friday night and, despite being packed, the staff worked their magic and found us a table. They definitely could have saved themselves the trouble and sent us on our way, so it was very much appreciated. 

We ordered a pitcher of margaritas (yum). The glasses came pre-salted, so if you're not into salt with your margaritas, there's your heads up. Warn the waiter/waitress ahead of time. Or just stop being so picky!

The food was great. I can't even remember what I ordered because I was so hungry and it was so good and who knows if I even chewed because it was gone in about 2 minutes. Thus, my only complaint is the portions sizes could be bigger.
I like this place.  We went there for a late dinner. We both ordered burritos one with the veggie filling and the other with potato and chickpea filling.  They both came with refried beans and rice.  The one with veggie filling was good, the potato chickpea one was totally yummy! The service was decent also.  I would eat here again
Boy, was this ever a welcome sight to a couple Americans sick of eating fish and chips.  We had a chicken and a shredded beef burrito, which came with refried beans and rice.  We also had a margarita on the rocks and a Corona, both of which were super.  The meal was filling although not as large as one you'd get in the US, but considering that most European portions are smaller, this was ample.  The walls are decorated with iconic Emilio Zapata posters, sombreros and the like.  The servers were friendly and helpful--2 ladies and 2 guys waited on us and brought us our food and drinks.  I'm amazed and grateful to find this place on a steep street in the middle of Edinborough.       

Thanks to fellow Yelpers who helped us find and choose this nice place.
It was a rainy Saturday evening during the Fringe and we needed to find somewhere to eat. We phoned around a couple of places we had been before who all said they were fully booked or weren't taking bookings, you had to show up and wait for at least half an hour. I checked yelp and read the reviews for this place so decided it was worth a try. I'm so glad we did.

When we arrived we were told that they would put us on the waiting list and we'd need to come back in half an hour as there wasn't room to wait - we pretty much expected this so went elsewhere for a drink and came back. The place was heaving (as I said - Saturday night during the Fringe) but we were seated as soon as we came back - the place is huge downstairs. 

Our order was taken quickly and within about ten minutes I was presented with an awesome veggie chimichanga and a small jug of frozen strawberry margarita with a gorgeous mojito and tostadas for the boyfriend. The margarita was lovely although not the best I've tasted but the food was gorgeous. It was a really good portion size (I'm pretty greedy) and we didn't need the salsa that we'd been given on arrival as the food was perfect. 

We were pretty full but as I have a second belly just for dessert I opted for the chocolate chili cheesecake. It was pretty rich and had just enough bite to slightly make the back of my throat burn a bit - lovely! 

The staff were friendly but obviously run off their feet and although it was pretty noisy there was a nice atmosphere. The decoration looks as though whenever the owners see anything slightly Mexican-looking they buy it and throw it in there. This means there's plenty to look at and the place feels really relaxed. 

We loved it so much we went back a few days later, my burrito was gorgeous as was the boyfriend's lemon cheesecake (which I had to test so I could review it obviously), If we didn't have a show to go to I'd have happily sat and had a few more jugs of margarita and don't think I'd have been ushered out. 

The only things I'd change is that they bring your drinks just after your food rather than when you're waiting for it and the jugs of margarita are quite expensive for the size.

That said, this is now my favourite place in Edinburgh and I'll definitely be back next time we're there - I just wish they'd open one up in my home town!
It's been perhaps eight years since I last ate at a decent Mexican restaurant (and I'm certainly not including the overpriced and bland chain called Chiquito's!) and as soon as I looked on Yelp and noticed the reviews this place had received I developed a sudden craving for Mexican! It was almost 9pm when I arrived with my two young children, we had been watching Flawless and even though I had to sit at the front surrounded by teenage girls and a dance group that took every possible opportunity to show off their torsos my children decided to take the last pound of flesh from me by insisting on waiting an extra hour after the show had finished so they could get their autographs! Anyway, by 9pm we were all absolutely starving and we weren't disappointed.  The food was outstanding and made me wish I didn't live so far away as I would certainly like to come here again. I ordered the shredded beef burrito but if I were to come here again then I would arrive much earlier and be far more adventurous.  It would be great to order three courses to see how good this place really is and I have already decided that I'm definitely coming back next summer!
Hmm, it seems like this place can be a hit-or-miss type affair. All my previous times here are fond memories, but it has been over two years. Reading my previous review, it appears the food was great and I was a happy, spicy camper.

I came here the other night with a friend all excited to relive those tasty memories. First major disappointment was my margarita. It came in a small tumbler (the type you get at school canteens) with rock salt around the rim in a very haphazard manner. It also wasnt a *great* margarita regardless of how it was presented and lack of good salt. My friend's sangria looked more exciting, with two tone white and dark red and lots of fruit. But I mean...it's a mexican restaurant, surely the margaritas should be served in margarita glasses!

We skipped any starters, and I had the fish main dish served with the chillie sauce and came with rice. The presentation wasn't fantastic, but then I'm not one that rates this as the highest point. But it just felt a bit serving-by-numbers. The fish was nice, the sauce was nice, but the salad was only the really stringy bits of lettuce that are really thin and almost pointy and didn't really make eating them enjoyable. I wanted a good big leafy salad to go with the fish.

My friend's main was similarly plated in a uninspired way. We both finished our mains. The mexican rice that came with it was a bit over salted. The sauce that was dolloped on top of my fish hid the fish entirely and looked a little messy. But we didn't complain per se.

The table was also wobbly and as the waitress adjusted it she spilt our drinks everywhere, wetting the napkins, but didn't offer to clean this up or replace them. She was lovely and looked a bit harrassed and I am forgiving, but this was a nuisance.

I just feel quite sorely disappointed that my memories of Viva Mexico weren't as good as I remember. Compared to other restaurants I've eaten in the city since, which had more exciting menus and *far* better margaritas, I can't see myself racing back here.
Whoa. I'm in love. But, I'm in love with a hooker and I can't afford to have her every night, or even once in a while. Only on special occassions really, and even then, I'm uncomfortable spending that much money. 

And that's Viva Mexico. 

When I arrived on Thanksgiving Day I wanted a special meal to remember all of the important historical American facts about Thanksgiving and I thought Mexican was a pretty decent cuisine to eat considering we annexed most of their country in the past and there's not much American Indian dining to be had in Scotland (or anywhere for that matter). Mexican it was. 

Oh and it was damn goooooood. It tasted like sweet, sweet colonozation. 

Sangria went right to my head. Beans and rice, cooked just right. Warm tortilla chips and a prawn/shrimp filled plate. I was full and happy... and then I ordered the Chili Cheesecake and I was having inappropriately romantic feelings toward Viva Mexico.

Then I got the bill. And It was 80 dollars. That's 55 pounds. That's a f*cking lot for Mexican food, of any sort, even the best sort. It is, in effect, beans, rice, cheese, tortillas and ground meat (the guacamole and sour cream are extra). I know how much that stuff costs. And it's not visa prices for your staff because as I could see... there was only one Mexican guy (if he's even really Mexican, he just spoke Mexican Spanish). 

There were no gold specks in my food and they didn't give me a foot massage or even a hot menthol towel at the end... and if I am going to spend my student-y 55 pounds, I want orgasmic piles of food and three days worth of leftovers or some sort of Mariachi band and Spanish Fly. 

Here's a tip: Free tortilla chips and salsa are f*cking MANDATORY for a good Mexican food experience. I'm not talking take away burritos (that's a horse of a different color) but if my ass is going to sit down and spend 55 pounds - gimme free chips like they would in real Mexico (I think).
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I was tipsy, and not just a little when I got here.
It was a friends birthday, and she had too much wine, ... so ... I'm excused. But listen, I lived in California, L.A. to be exact, for a year AND my best friend is Mexican AND I dined at their grandparents ranch. So I know Mexican food, right? Not even close? Deal with it.

I LOVED IT. But man, I'm with Steph D. on this, it is expensive. I won't compare it to regular U.S.A. prices since their food is ridiculously cheap, but no student can afford this more than once in a blue moon. Mains are above 10pound easy, and starters are around 6-7, with a drink, that's well above my weekly budget for going out.

That being said, I had a killer Margarita here with rock salt, I know, I know, rock salt (forgive me Jenny!) but I love it so. I know it's bad and I'm trying to kick the habit, but it tastes so goooooood.

Right, on to the refried beans: I want to bathe in them. Now it is a well-known fact that when I'm slightly tipsy, everything tastes good. But usually, I'm not much of a fan of refriend beans, but these little buggers just hugged my stomach until it felt so warm and fuzzy, I could've been a damn Telletubbie (sp?).

Dear me, was it good. Oh do I want to go back, but not unless someone else is footing the bill, I can't afford it. So I think I'll just play matchstick girl outside for a while until someone takes pitty on me and gives me their leftovers. I've been practicing on my Puss-in-Boots sad-eyes.
We stopped in here for lunch on our last day in Edinburgh. The reviews on Yelp looked good, and I love great Mexican, so why not?

We ordered a pitcher of margaritas. We forgot to mention we like it on the rocks, so they were with crushed ice instead of ice cubes. The flavor was alright. More lemony than I'm used to my margaritas being, but not terrible enough to not drink them!

For lunch, we split an order of Haggis nachos (not traditionally Mexican, but sometimes you have to try the fusion) with a side of the extra hot salsa. For our mains, I had the chile verde pork Chimichanga and the other half had the beef Enchiladas.

How was the food? Yeah it was good. Not great, but good. The nachos were tasty, but the extra hot salsa was barely medium in my book. Good flavor, but far from the "extra hot" the menu was claiming it to be. The mains were alright too. The beef was better than the pork (in my opinion) and I used the rest of the extra hot salsa to spice up my Chimichanga a bit.

Overall, it was decent Mexican (considering it's in the UK, where a lot of stuff is terrible). I would have preferred it hotter. Given the national dish of the UK is curry (or so some claim), I would expect that people here would like their Mexican a bit hotter. Unfortunately, the waitress claims that people really don't want any spice in their Mexican at all. Maybe these are the people who order Korma at the curry house. I don't know.

I'd probably go back if I were in Edinburgh, and I were with people who wanted to go. The lunch prices were fantastic (5.75 for the mains, and about 4.50 for the nachos we split), and the food was decent. However, if this is the best Mexican in Edinburgh as some of the other reviews claim, then Edinburgh is in dire need of something better.
viva mexico!  as a north american, i've had much better mexican food.  however, the decor is super fun, the staff is friendly, and the food is good.  the coronas weren't too outrageously priced, either.  
yes, it's expensive compared to mexico or us prices, but compared to europe, it wasn't too bad ($35 for a burrito in switzerland).
I have been twice to Viva Mexico, once for lunch and once for dinner, and I loved it! The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is fun, the place is quirky with various rooms and near decorations, and (importantly!) the food is great! The mole enchiladas were especially fantastic and authentic, and at a great price for such a delicious sauce that is both difficult and time-consuming to make. We had them both times we came and also enjoyed the Plato Nacional variety platter of appetizers. It's rare to find such good Mexican food in the UK, and I love this place. I will be back!
Undecided between 4 and 3 finally I am giving a 3 stars. Somehow it failed to impress me and I have been to a number of mexican restaurants in several countries. I must say that the prices are high for mexican food and I am not used to that. The spiceness was not really rich and food was decent to quite good , but not special at all. I happened to see the cooks inside the kitchens and they were british-looking youngsters. 

The starters mix was pretty good buy costed 1 pound per small bite! The mains were nice, but half filled with salad (75% shredded letuce, and ocassionally a cucumber slice, peas, and cheap grocery things) Not even a piece of  jalapeno or a chili pepper. On the other hand, the steak and chicken were great and the sauces were very good (but not very spicy despite I ordered a medium not mild spiceness). 

The waiters and their service was excellent, and the Sangria pitches was very nice. The room (floor down) was smally giving a quite atmosphere and the lights were dim and golden. It was very comfortable and warm, so the experience was very good.

All in all it is an OK Mexican restaurant, and you would get a mexican type of food, but it failed to impress me compared to the mexican restaurants I am used to. I would give it another try in the future.
OMG.

Finally, the never ending quest for good mexican fare has ended. Viva Mexico reminds me of the California taquerias I miss. Although they do not dish out chips'n'salsa they do give out free salsa and its good. It's real good. It's like REAL homemade salsa that I have been craving for years.

I ordered some nachos and they were good but the real killer was the 'Plato Nacional'. This dish was HUGE and had so many different things to try. Some lovely sonoras, quesadillas, chips, beans, rice,  a wee carnitas taco... really so many tasty bits and pieces. 

For our mains we ordered the flautas and Cabo style tacos. Yum. Really way too much food for us but that was no problem as we took home what we couldn't finish and had a delicious lunch of it the next day. Also would say the prices were really fair. The servers were very attentive and they don't charge for some of the extras which is a plus in my book. Definitely worth a shot and very baby friendly. My wee yin had a blast there!

Also love the atmosphere. The decorations were cool and very authentic, reminded me of trips down to the beautiful country of Mexico.
Good Mexican spice
Hmm, free salsa but no crisps?
Is top in Scotland
not terrible!!
viva mexico is one of the few mexican restaurants i had yet to try in edinburgh, so when dinner was arranged here for friday night i was looking forward to going.  i had a quick peak at the menu and was slightly disappointed that i may not be able to eat a lot of it as it's still passover and bread/grain options are off limits.  still though, margaritas were still allowed so i knew it would still be a good night!

i very carefully walked down the hill that is cockburn street in 4 inch heels to arrive at viva mexico.  from street level the restaurant looks tiny as there is on a front room to be seen.  but on entering i was instructed to head down the stairs to the back dining room which was much larger and there is a second dining room as well so loads of seats.  i definitely was digging the decor, it was super colourful and stereotypical and cheesy but i thought it suited the vibe of the restaurant.  the pinata was a nice touch and after a few jugs of margaritas we were tempted to hit it and see if there was candy inside!!

so the margaritas were awesome!!  a wee bit expensive though as a jug was about 25 or so.  this did provide about 10 small glasses of drink though, so i'm not sure what the value for money is on that... we ordered some corn tortillas and guacamole which after some googling i realised i could eat as they were gluten free and only made from corn.  in fact after that i realised that a lot of the menu was available to me and it was quite handy that they had marked all the GF items!  the guacamole was super tasty and quite garlicy, some of the best guacamole i've had in awhile.  it was quite obvious this had been made in the restaurant and not bought in which was good.

for mains i ordered the pork tostadas and this is where my three star rating comes in.  when my dish arrived it looked tasty enough (i've posted a picture), but on digging in i wasn't overly impressed.  there was no taste explosion and the pork wasn't super tender it was actually a wee bit dry.  the corn tostadas got rather soggy underneath all the pork, refried beans, salsa, and guacamole as well.  but the rice on the side was quite tasy and overall my dish was ok but not as good as other mexican i've had.  the portion was also fairly large so i only managed just over half of it.

on paying the bill we all commented that prices were a bit high for what we had gotten, which is another reason for the 3 star review.  we did pay a lot for the margaritas but mains were also a few quid pricer than any other mexican i've been to in edinburgh and not as good quality.  so i think overall i had an ok experience here and some of the food was very good, but my main was just ok.  i would go back here, but i'd probably opt for another mexican first.
I was really excited to experience my first mexican restaurant as I have only had Tex Mex before. We were sat downstairs and I loved the colourful decor and pictures in Viva Mexico which I would give 5 stars to. Our several jugs of margaritas went down really well and although, there was quite a bit of ice in them watering them down, they hit the spot for me. 

The corn chips and dips to start with were great and I could really taste the freshness of the guacamole. For my main, I had Enchiladas de mole - shredded chicken in wraps with chocolate sauce, refried beans and mexican rice. I asked for cheese inside the wraps too - wasn't sure if it would go well with the chocolate but I really wanted cheese which they were happy to do. When my meal arrived there was a healthy spread of chocolate on top of my enchiladas and I was excited to try this out. However I'm glad I asked for cheese as I couldn't taste the chocolate at all - I expected a nutella kind of flavour. The chicken was moist and delicious but the tastiest thing on my plate ended up being the mexican rice. I'd need to try other Mexicans to know if this is how general Mexican flavouring goes. 

Overall the meal satisfed our hungry bellies however we felt it was quite pricey for what we had.
Oh dear what happened here? 

I used to come to Viva Mexico with my family when visiting Edinburgh as a kid. It could be that give me anything hot, spicy and cheesy and I'm sold (when I was 10) but I remember it being better.

I came a year or so ago and it was still better than what a group of us were served on Friday night. 7 of us sat down to dine, and begin snacking on nachos (hand friend) with home-made guacamole dip. Nice. And the pitchers of margaritas went down a treat. Although the salt-rimmed glasses just had big chunks of rock salt on them. Not quite what I had in mind, but hey.

When our mains arrived, oh. Well. My chicken flautus had 'shredded chicken' inside but the chicken was more in whole chunks and was really, really dry. The sauce on top had hardly any spice or flavour. Valerie M's chicken mole (chocolate sauce) was also dry and also the chocolate sauce lacked flavour. Al P's main portion of nachos was really small. It covered a large surface area on his plate, but was one layer of nachos. Seriously, 10 for a main that was a small smattering of nachos? Susan M said her pork was really dry, and Jennie S really wasn't impressed by her starter portion of haggis quesedillas, which she said had hardly any haggis in them.

Overall the mains were not great quality at all. Dry meat, lacking any flavour in the sauces. A contrast to the home made guacamole. 

The real sticking point was the price. I paid 12 for mine. Given tex mex is a quick and easy food option, with Illegal Jack's and Los Cardos offering giant burritos for 5 or 6 that would be twice as filling and flavourful, this felt like a huge over-charge on Viva Mexico's part. Had they been serving up exceptional quality Mexican food, that was a cut above a tex-mex burrito chain, fine. But it wasn't. It wasn't anything differnet or better (and it was even worse) than a 5 burrito.

I've been to other Mexican restaurants and had very good meals, of marinaded fish, baked cod, and non burrito-dominated meals, with tender meat, fresh lime and coriander, delicious spices. 

The second star comes entirely from the margaritas, which were delicious but expensive. Four pitchers came to 100 (but between 6 this wasn't so bad). I had an enjoyable meal due to the margaritas and the great company, but the food was a huge let down.
A group of us went here for dinner here last week. All I knew of it was that it was a Mexican Restaurant on Cockburn Street, so I had no prior expectations. 

When I wondered in it looked tiny but when a lovely woman showed me to our table to meet my friends I realised the place is like a rabbit warren and much bigger than it seems. We were sitting in a fairly big room downstairs, full of Mexican trinkets and seemed great fun. So far so good, but then came the problem...

When scanning the menu, everything seemed rather over priced. I was a little strapped for cash so instead of joining in on the rounds of 25 Maragrita pitchers I opted for a couple of glasses of average white wine. I also wasn't that hungry so I opted for the haggis and cheese quesadilla starter for 5 and just had it as a main. This was a mistake as it was tiny and had very little haggis in it. Although I didn't have any envy of everyone's main courses as they also seemed pretty average and not very big. 

Considering you can get mini haggis quesas from Illegal Jacks for 3.50 and they are twice the size and have lots more filling, and not just haggis and cheese, I felt a little cheated.

Overall, I loved the quirky Mexican decor and the staff seemed really nice. I wouldn't mind the prices if the food was great but I thought it was barely even good.

In my opinion, for a decent quesadilla or burrito I would far rather go to Illegal Jacks on Lothian Road or Los Cardos on Leith Walk, unless Viva Mexico ups it's game.
So I returned with a good friend of mine who is quite the Mexican food connoisseur. We ordered from the street food menu. Tacos all around. While they were good they weren't great. They are so far, the best I've had in Edinburgh.

Some of the tacos were pretty great while others were lacking in flavor. The sopes were probably my favorite item. I am a real sucker for fresh handmade tortillas. Still a fan of Viva Mexico just trying to manage expectations at this point.
I had a bad experience at Viva Mexico in the late 90s.  At least I thought I did.  It's now lost in the mists of time and alcohol inhibited brain function. It now occurs to me this 'incident' may have been imagined.  For years, I have moaned about Edinburgh's chronic lack of decent mexican restaurants.  Often someone would pipe up that we already had one in Viva Mexico, and I would launch into a tirade about painfully average mexican fodder slopped out to the uninitiated masses who hadn't savoured the true beauty of real Aztec dining.  Recently, my friend and frequent dining partner McChan had suggested I was barking up the wrong tree and urged me to give it another crack of the whip.  I decided to take his advice, more in defiance than expectation, and book for a work meal I was organizing.  I calculated that any food related disappointment could be quickly washed away upon a sea of tequila and santa themed merriment should I be proved wrong.

The restaurant has a cheesy but effective mexican themed decor with black and white prints of the likes of Pancho Villa adorning the walls.  Split over two floors it's a wonderfully weird and idiosyncratic shape with lots of little alcoves and rooms downstairs.  Seated upstairs next to the impressively stocked bar full of different types of Tequilla we quickly made ourselves comfortable with a jug of  Margarita (16.95).  Served with Rock salt around the rim, these were amongst the best I have tasted.  The Cointreau and tequilla were expertly measured with just the right amount of fresh lime giving the drink a real vim to go with its natural kick.  Using rock salt rather than table salt is a revelation and will now enter my rules of culinary fulfillment alongside the likes of never drinking cappuccino after 11am. It really does lift the whole drink.

We were soon  brought our menus by the friendly, efficient and helpful staff. The classic way for a foodie to spot quality is in the size and scope of the menu.  The bigger the menu, the less fresh the food and the more sloppy the chef. It's a guaranteed formula.  Here the menu is small with quite a few dishes outside of the traditional mexican comfort zone of Burrito's and Fajhita's. So far so good.

For starter(pictured after a few had already been nibbled!) we ordered the deep-fried squid rings served with spicy chipotle mayonnaise dip and a wedge of lime(4.95) and a plate of cheese stuffed jalepenos with a sweet chilli sauce(4.95).  The squid was perfectly cooked and very tender in a lovely soft batter.  The chilli mayo was simply to die for.  The Chipotle has long been my favourite of the chilli family thanks to both its 8/10 Scoville heat and its very distinctive smokey flavour.  Infusing it into mayo makes a perfect blend of creamy, smokey and spicy to dip your calamari in. Lovely.  The stuffed chilli's were not in the same league.  Slightly overcooked they could have benefited for a little more cheese, I suspect some of it escaped as part of the cooking process.  The dip was once again the highlight of the dish.  Less a traditional sweet chilli sauce than a thick, spicy jam it perfectly complimented the creaminess of the cheese.

For mains we went for the Cabo Style Fish Tacos ( 11.50).  Served in traditional, small flour warps rather than the hard tortilla shells people often associate with Taco's in the UK, this dish was just terrific.  The breaded fish was perfectly cooked, fresh, and incredibly moreish.  Covered in  spicy, crunchy breadcrumbs it resembled a posh fish finger but the taste wasn't in a different league, it was in a different sport!  Adding to the flavour was a homemade cabbage coleslaw and white sauce made from yoghurt, mayo and those lovely chipotle chillies! Messy to eat, this dish is amongst the finest mexican cuisine I have tasted. My only criticism would be that the rice on the side tasted like it came straight out of a packet.  Replace it with a nice fresh side salad and the dish is a 100% winner. Fantastic. All dishes were served with homemade spicy salsa on the side at no extra cost.  It's lovely but go easy because it has a kick.

Well priced, with an average 2 course meal and a drink costing around 20, Viva Mexico is a gem.  If you can get hold of a corporate Snapfax you can enjoy 20% discount on all food and drinks which makes it even more appealing.  Value for money is matched by quality food and I can definitely see why the restaurant has lasted for 28 years at the sharp end of Auld Reekie dining. I won't be leaving another ten years between visits!
Aside from the refried beans and rice, our food tasted pretty bad, one dish even tasted exactly what I imagine a wet towel would taste like- GAG! We were seated in the basement and the service was pretty slow, not sure if they forgot us a few times. I ended up feeling quite sick from whatever I did intake - was not a fun experience at all.
The table legs were uneven and the table surface was sticky - not a good look guys, not at all.
Went here last month before going to the Real Marys King close. Nice location and dcor but that is where the good points end for me. Staff where friendly enough and the food came out quickly but in one word it was : bland! No real Mexican flavour in my point of view. Been to better Mexicans in Edinburgh.
Pay heed to the previous reviews - the servings at Viva Mexico are SMALL!

Other than that, I was pretty impressed by Viva Mexico.  Upstairs was busy, but there's a good sized area down the stairs, which has windows onto the back of the close, not dark and dingy at all like I was expecting. And the entire time we were there they played Bob Dylan, marvellous!

Lunch time meant that we had a slightly more limited menu to choose from, but there was still enough to satisfy me and my vegan friend.  I had the beef enchiladas, my friend had the vegetable fajitas (minus the sour cream and cheese, obviously). Enchiladas are something I really enjoy, but hadn't ordered in a restaurant since the time in Amsterdam where the woman at the table next to me threw up all over the table.... But rest assured, these enchiladas were very nice and not at all vomit-worthy (not that the Amsterdam ones had been either mind). And my friend was suitably impressed by how many peppers were in her fajita mix, as she's a bit of an onion hater.

But, like I said, the portions were small. They weren't remotely spicy either, but that bothered me less, and I enjoyed the rice that was served with them too.  My enchiladas did only cost me 5.95, so I wasn't expecting anything huge for that price, but given you can get monster-sized burritos elsewhere in Edinburgh for the same price, Viva Mexico really do need to work on the portion sized.

Oh, and as others have said, what's with the lonely salsa?!

Still, I enjoyed my lunch. I was still hungry at the end of it, otherwise there'd have been a 4th star, but what I did eat was pretty tasty.
Pretty decent. The food was quite good - at least as good as you can hope for in a Mexican restaurant in Scotland.

The interior was nice, they (of course) had plenty of Mexican beer, and the cocktails were good. Food was served fast, and the taste was ok.

All in all; pretty good, but nothing mind-blowing.
Enjoyed it. As a visiting American, I eat Mexican food quite often, and this was very tasty and enjoyable. I still struggle with no free refills for a glass of soda. The cup was small and not nearly enough for around 2. We had guacamole dip to start with; fresh and delicious. Pork tacos was my main course, again fresh, decent sized portion, that I thoroughly enjoyed. The wife had chicken mole, which again was great. The chef knew how to cook Mexican/texmex food. I recommend.
Salsa verde, cilantro, pork crackling. You can't ask for anything better. Surprisingly dioecious authentic Mexican food. Excellent drink and food selection. Having grown up on Mexican food, this is certainly up to standard. Good ambiance, too.
Come to Edinburgh, enjoy the Mexican food.  Pretty good food. Ceviche, burritos, etc.  Excellent service.
UPDATE: We stayed for dessert. The flan and the chocolate chili cheesecake were excellent.
Ordered soup for myself & the rest of my family had chimichangas & burritos   My husband also had ceviche. All very tasty. Our waiter Cameron was super- so accommodating & extremely friendly- LOVED him!  The 2 desserts we had- the flan & the chocolate chili cheesecake were AMAZING!!!  I HIGHLY recommend Viva Mexico!
I am a mexican and I loved the food!!! I had some tacos and the chicken with chipotle. The sauces were very good, the tacos alright. I love the deco but I wasn't thrilled with the rice. I thought it didn't tasted enough like mexican rice. I wanted to have flan but they were out of it :( Hope I will be back for some flan soon.
The margaritas here are so so so so so so good, the best ones this side of manhattan! Food is super good, service is friendly and scarily speedy and the restaurant itself is tiny and cute as! Seriously go, go! I'd hazard a guess at saying it's the best 'mexican' in edinburgh.
Reasonable Mexican food at rock-bottom prices. Great cocktails too. I went with a large group of people on a hot day and it was a little uncomfortable in the small dining area - most people had to go outside at some point for air. Other than that we all had a nice meal and were impressed by the service.
I had heard good things about this place so I thought it was worth a try. It was a wet Monday evening so it was pretty quiet, just as well because this place is tiny! 

When you sit down you are given a rather interesting bowl of popcorn. We don't do much with popcorn in the UK apart from salt or sugar it, so I was pleasantly surprised by the popcorn spiced goodness. The food was okay, I rather enjoyed my Chimichangas, even I ordered it just for the name. My boyfriend got the impression his came out the microwave. It resembled a microwave meal and I guess he felt it tasted the same, so he wasn't very impressed. Plus the food came out so quickly you always kind of wonder if it is freshly made. I don't know for sure, maybe it is worth trying again as this place has been around for so long that perhaps we just went on an off night.
I was surprised to discover this was the first Mexican restaurant to open in the whole of Scotland. Ever since 1984 they seem to have been refining their speciality frozen margarita as it's a crowd pleaser. The concoction of lime juice, tequila and triple sec seems to be just right, leaving you willing to delve into their Mexican fare.

The food offerings are decent enough with the nice touch of a real salad instead of the usual carrot shavings and a wilted leaf. 

Top stuff!
After reading the reviews about the margaritas I'm a little gutted that I haven't had the opportunity to taste one for myself, but I absolutely hate tequila so it's probably not the best idea.

If you're looking for some Mexican food then I can heartily recommend Tex Mex 2, it offers a nice, vibrant restaurant with friendly staff and a chilled out atmosphere, an excellent menu with delicious food and the prices aren't bad either.

Thumbs up.
I spent the third year of my Degree in South America, and the thing I miss most since I came back is the food. Which is why I love this place so much - it's by far the most authentic restaurant of this type that I've found in the whole city.

And it's great value for money too. The main courses are all under 10 and the starters are all under a fiver... which means more money for their amazing Margaritas or frozen Daiquiris, which is never a bad thing! The best thing is their set-price lunch menu: only 8.50 for two courses or 11 for three courses means that you really can't go wrong. In particular, the crispy Flautas are definitely worth trying. Especially if you're hungry, as the portions are enormous here.
Tex Mex 2 has the best British Tex Mex I've had since moving to the UK. They're Spinach Enchilada (with re-fried beans in place of the chilies for me) manages my cravings every time I get a bit homesick. 

Price is important to me, and this is a place I can afford to eat at on a more regular basis - not to mention the decent amount of food you get for your money. The frozen margarita's and burgers aren't to be missed either!

The staff is very friendly and manage to squeeze us in each time we phone ahead or rock up without calling.
I went here last night for a friend's birthday dinner, never hearing anything about it before (I didn't even look at yelp!). Sometimes it's best to have an unbiased opinion beforehand. I was so excited to have some margaritas and tasty tacos, because it has been quite a while since I had either. I was blown away by the quality of food here. I started out with an order of guacamole, which is some of the best I've ever had, even in Mexico. Big chunks of tomato, scallions, cilantro, perfectly mashed avocado, it was delicious. For my main course, I opted for the chicken tacos, which were equally as amazing and full of flavor. Two perfectly sized taco shells filled with large chucks of seasoned chicken breast, and a heap of guacamole, sour cream and salsa on top. Finishing the dish was a side of spanish rice and tiny salad. Excellent food, it felt like I was in Texas or California instead of rainy Edinburgh.

Also, the prices are unbeatable. About 9 for the tacos, 4 for the guac, and the drink prices are cheap, especially for mixed drinks. Around 3.50 for a margarita, or split a pitcher with 3 people for 11 and get two drinks per person for the price of one margarita. Cute and homey decor, comfortable seats, and candles all around the restaurant. I'd go back here in a heartbeat.
Good atmosphere? Check.  Great food? Check.  Reasonable prices? Check.  All things you will find at Tex-Mex II on Thistle Street.
Last night was the second time I've been there and since it was so good the first time I thought I would like to go back for my birthday dinner.  We went with the full intention of getting a pitcher of margaritas, a main course and one of their delicious sounding desserts (their menu is on their website).
I love the quaintness of this place, there are about 9 tables in total with a colourful decor, making for a nice intimate dinner.  We ordered our pitcher of margaritas while we poured over the menu of delicious selections, trying desperately to decide what to order.  
While the nacho starter was VERY tempting, I knew I wanted to save room for dessert so we both decided we were content with our litre pitcher of frozen margarita (you can get non-frozen ones if that is more to your taste although I'm not sure they do a pitcher of them or not!).  They also serve some amazing spiced popcorn as a wee starter to each table with a food/drink order.
I decided to get the Enchillada de la Casa while my partner got the Gaucho Grande.  We were not disappointed.  The Enchillada de la Casa is two tortillas filled with a choice of chicken, shredded beef, chilli beef or vegetarian with a "ranchero" sauce and cheese. The ranchero sauce was tomato based, with cilantro, green onion, lime juice and chunks of yellow pepper.  I went with the chicken filling, which was beautifully spiced. It was so tasty! I also wasn't expecting the lovely side salad/rice combo that you get with the dish.
The Gaucho Grande was equally impressive and equally tasty. You get a generous helping of the Chile Colorado in a tortilla bowl as well as a pork burrito.  It also came with salad, sour cream, guacamole and all the fixin's. I tried some and based on my partner's reaction as well, it was amazing.
There are very very few occasions where I can't manage dessert. This was one of those times. I love dessert but the mains were so delicious and so filling that we had to call it a night.  It simply means I have to go back and maybe just have the Nachos Grande and dessert for my meal!!  
For all this food and drink our bill was 33.50.  You just can't beat that for very quality food and a pitcher of margarita that the two of us got the better part of three glasses each out of.  I highly recommend this place but make a reservation!!!
Holy frozen margarita batman. Tex Mex 2 will forever be remembered for the place I had my first frozen margarita. And at 3.75 a damned good value one at that. Actually, they deserve more hype than this...

YOU CAN GET MARGARITAS FOR 3.75 HERE!

Most cocktail bars sell 'em for 6 but seriously these are as good as they come, and the tequila has a particularly nice edge.

 Now I know why they get so much hype the other side o the pond, I just like the ones we get here because I'm a tequila fiend.

The evening started off with a frozen margarita, which was large, refreshing and tasty. Miss Emily V and I were in a tex-mex'in kinda mood so she went for carnitas tacos and I had the tuna special dish - seared tuna with two crab taco things.

The food was really quite tasty, I finished all of mine and Emily was just defeated by the last few mouthfuls. C'mon, it's tex mex. The only thing was that my tuna was well done. The waiter specifically asked me how I'd like it done which I took as a good sign that they *know* tuna should be raw in the middle. So when I said 'medium rare' and it came out well done, that was a disappintment. By itself I probably wouldn't have been happy with the meal, but the crab tacos that came with it were super tasty. Stuffed with freat, juicy crab meat, a little cheese, thin tacos fried. Yum. Emily's carnitas tacos had a really nice flavour but were swimming in sauce she looked very tricky to pick up. I had also assumed they would be drier and less saucy and thus hand-food. Either way they were also enjoyed.

The waiter was really friendly, the decor is cute, fun, bright and in yo' face. It's a small joint, probably only seats about 15 and tucked up Thistle Street it's not one you'd normally wander by. I've still to eat more Mexican in the city but as far as it goes, this was tasty, good value and had margaritas aplenty.

I signed up for their newsletter online that day and received a 20% off voucher for the meal. Pretty nifty!
I updated my FB status on my way to Tex Mex 2 yesterday, moaning about bus journeys during the festival.  Jenny L responded to say "There's a margarita at the end of that bus journey don't you worry. "
And there was, and it was good.  

You don't often see blended/frozen margaritas over here but they were quite tasty and quite reasonably priced as well.  I think next time I'll opt for a pitcher, if I do say so myself.

Jenny L and I had been planning our meal here from about 10 that morning, so we both had plenty of time to peruse the menu and make the agonizing decision about just WHAT we would be eating; it all sounded so amazing.  

We decided to skip starters to ensure plenty of space for our mains.  This turned out to be a very good plan, though the loaded nachos will definitely be the go next time I'm here.

I went for the crispy carnitas tacos, while Jenny went for the seared tuna with crab flautas.  The tuna was a bit overdone in our opinion but we both enjoyed the flautas. 
I love carnitas, and they make fantastic tacos, but these were a bit TOO saucy.  I'm used to being able to pick up a crunchy taco and eat it properly, but I had to wait until the taco was soggy enough to use a knife and fork, which kind of defeated the whole "crunchy" business in my mind... 
I'm also one of those people who just doesn't use salt, so the carnitas, while wonderfully flavoured, came across as just a bit too salty for me.

That being said, though, the tacos were heaped with amazing guacamole, sour cream, salsa, salad, you name it, it was there.  

I am definitely looking forward to a return visit here, but I will probably try something different.
Wow. Nothing wrong with this little place. I Yelped for a decent restaurant in the New Town section and this caught my eye along with a nice recommend from Emily V. 

Just me and the kids. Thing 1 and Thing 2 split some nachos and I had the Colorado Burrito and a margarita. Fast and friendly service and great tasting, fresh, savory, authentic, simple food. As good as I've had just about anywhere. Yum.
Hmm oh dear, how the great can fall. I came here for a wee birthday dinner with some friends as last time Emily V and I came we really enjoyed it.

The food was still good, if in fact even better. I ordered the same combo platter of tuna with crab flautus and this time my tuna was actually rare as requested (if a little cold). And the margaritas are goooood. I do need to give them that.

But the service left a lot to be desired. The waiter was friendly, and smiling, and seemed like a nice guy. But it was incredibly slow, at times bordering on arrogant, and very cheeky.

I arrived 10 minutes early to find Emily V already early herself. Waiting for two others, we sat. And waited. We were one of two tables. I saw many members of staff wandering to and fro. The waiter didn't look busy. He never came over to our table but when I finally managed to catch his attention and ask "could we please order some drinks?" he responded with "yeah I'll be over in a bit" in a very nonchalent manner. "In a bit". Not a case of "oh yes I'll be over" whilst grabbing his note pad. It was literally a case of "I'm not yet taking drinks orders". A bit turned out to be 10 minutes.

Fine during the meal itself, but when it came to paying we paid by cash. It was taken away, and not returned. We waited again. And waited. And saw him clearing tables, serving other people, still no change. Eventually, the polite Brit in me overcame my anxiety of appearing rude myself and asked for the change, to which he brought it over straight away. This makes me think he was hoping we wouldn't ask for the change and leave the in excess of 20% change as tip. Which was really quite ironic considering how slow and nonchalent the service had been.

It was also quite cold in the restaurant when we first got there and I didn't take my jacket off until the mains arrived. A small note but when you're eating hot, spicy mexican food you kind of want to feel hot and spicy not shivering.

Now I don't know if I would go back. Their margaritas really are sooooo good and great value. I like I said the staff were nice, not flat out rude, but their attitude of 'serving us when it suited them' and the very cheeky trick with the change put me off slightly.
Good quality Tex Mex fare, in Edinburgh's wonderful Thistle Street. We summed it up: "the best tex-mex/Mexican food we've had outside of the States, which says a lot."
Mexican food in the UK has been grievously disappointing, both in price and representation.  Gone are the days when $4 can score me a half-pounder cabaza/lengua burrito.

Tex Mex was the last I expected this far up north.  Scotland rocks.

Let's do this bullet-point style:

Margaritas - decent tequila content and thoroughly slushed.  Nothing more annoying that semi-icy concoctions that don't travel up straws well.

Much respect for carrying Dos Equis, Corona, Sol, Modelo and that obscure little label Pacifico.

Tequila - they carry the good stuff; these guys have done their homework.  Gun for the Anejos.  Don Julio Gold Anejo was my pick.

Floutas - more like giant taquitos, the corn tostada-wrapped chicken is deep fried to crunchy perfection.  Topped off with salsa, sour cream and guac it's what I'd expect to see in higher-end Mexican restaurants in LA or San Diego.

Carnitas - the pork was served in cubes and was much too salty, unfortunately.

Enchiladas - covered in a healthy layer of cheese to be called such, it's an accurate enough representation of what my Mexican friends' moms would make at home. Approved.
This place is ok, I wanted to check it out for a while but found it ok.
The drinks are probably the tastiest things on the menu.
The food was again ok but not so special, there was too much cheese and the actual portions were a bit small.
All in all not bad but not so good.
For now this is the best Mexican food in Edinburgh in my humble opinion. It is true I have yet to try a few other places but for now this one is it.

Everything tasted fresh and packed a punch! Just the way I like it! The waiter was a really nice lad who even went as far as to show me the kitchen and the burrito making station. So I can vouch that everything is super fresh and handmade. The pico de gallo is chunky cause they cut it that way by hand!  I have yet to try the Nachos which were merely mentioned in another review but now I am on a mission.

Expect another review (with more detail) coming soon...
i love tex mex food!!  love it!!!  i'm not sure how someone couldn't though, i mean cheese, salsa, guacamole, and MARGARITAS!!!  that is a recipe for tasty goodness!  except on moving to Edinburgh i thought i had left behind good tex mex along with bagels, proper sandwiches, and broccoli cheese soup from Panera BUT then i found Tex Mex 2.  this restuarant has become my brightly coloured beacon for the best mexican food in the scottish capital.

The menu has a good variety of choices, but i have three favourite items that i always order:

1. The margaritas!!  Usually i shun anything that contains tequlia due to some bad drunken Uni memories, but in these margaritas you can hardly taste it.  i love that they come in a variety of flavours, my favourite is the wild cherry.  however, i can also recommend the peach, passionfruit, and mango.  all very good and a pitcherful of this tasty drink never goes amiss ;)

2. the grande nachos my absolute favourite savory indulgence food!  there is nothing better than a plate full of crispy tortilla chips, melty cheese, garlicy guacamole, homemade refried beans, fresh salsa, and sour cream.  most nachos i've tried in Edinburgh fall short of my high expectations, but not the ones in Tex Mex 2!  the plate is piled high with all this goodness and i want to dig in before the waiter puts the plate on the table....

3. the carnitas!  there are a few ways to get carnitas at this restuarant.  the traditional way in a bowl with grilled tortillas and all the toppings on the side, in a burrito, or in a chimichanga.  all three ways are very very good but my favourite is the traditional way except that the portion is so huge that i can't even eat half of it!  maybe that has more to do with sharing a starter of their nachos grande though....

there are many more delicious options on this menu, but i tend to only order my favourites.  however, those options keep me coming back so nothing wrong with sticking to what works!  already looking forward to a wild cherry margarita at my next visit :)
Mexican food in the UK?  You can understand I was pretty skeptical - no offense, but this is not something that your country has down.  But my expat friend recommended it, and she did not lead us astray!

Came for lunch on a Sunday, they opened up at noon.  Interior is small, but bright, colorful, and cheery.  Service was some of the friendliest I'd had in the UK.  They put a little plate of spicy popcorn on the table, which is a nice touch, and much less filling than the loads of chips/salsa you'd get at a Mexican restaurant in the US - for better or for worse.  I got the veggie fajitas and my boyfriend got the carnitas burrito, which he'd been craving all day - and a side of chips, despite my protest that that was a strange accompaniment to Mexican food.

My fajitas were really nice and light - just squash, mango, and regular fajita veg flambeed with tequila (in front of me!) and lightly seasoned - delicious in a tortilla with salsa and guac.  Definitely needed some hot sauce though!  Didn't try  my boyfriend's burrito, which he really liked, but wow was it messy!  When he cut into it, sauce just poured out.  I munched on the hot, crispy chips, loving them as I thought to myself "why am I eating fries with Mexican food?"

It's a bit pricey, but it's competitive in terms of taste with Mexican-American food, and that's all I'd hoped for!  Oh - nothing is that spicy though.  They have a bunch of hot sauces displayed, they gave my boyfriend the mildest which he tried and immediately asked for two levels up.  He tried that one and asked for one more.  They had to check and see if they had any of the hottest one, finally bringing it -  more of a chile paste, really - in a bowl.  Even THAT was spicy, but not so bad!  I had a dollop on a chip and it was spicy, but not what you'd expect from what is literally the spiciest sauce in the house!  That's the one thing I'd ask from Tex Mex II - turn up the heat, guys!
I'm going to have to downgrade, unfortunately.

I've visited Tex Mex 2 a few times now and have had really varied experiences.  This time, our server was great but the food left a lot to be desired.  

I ordered the carnitas tacos and was delivered a plate of meat, with a small side salad, a little rice and small blobs of sauces.  The tacos had more meat in them than I expect you're meant to consume in a week, let alone a meal.  Yeah this doesn't sound like a bad thing - value for money and all- but it was.  They were so meaty that I actually only managed half of a taco before I just felt unwell.  A taco is meant to have meat, veggies, beans, cheese, etcetc not... meat. period. end of story.  

Add to this the fact that the carnitas were *incredibly* salty.  Really really really really salty, and kind of sicky sweet too?  It certainly didn't taste like any carnitas I've had before, and the saltiness was painfully over the top.

Fortunately we were able to take our food away and the leftover carnitas (with rice and beans and veggies, like they were meant to be!) were enough for the two of us to have tacos for dinner a few nights later.  

I would suggest lowering the prices and cutting down on the meat (and salt!).  Until that happens, I don't see myself returning.  

(I've actually just read my previous review... if only I'd read that before ordering the *same* dish again!  d'oh)
Sadly I was not impressed with my food this time around. 

I ordered the carnitas chimichanga and didn't expect my chimichanga to be entirely full of meat! Yes, no beans or rice or veg, only MEAT. That is more meat that I eat in an entire week. Not impressed.

There was salsa on top of it but would have much rather it had been inside the burrito to give some relief from the meat fest. Also the carnitas meat was way too seasoned. It didn't have that fresh taste that I expect from mexican food. Mexican food has a lot of veg and not so much meat. 

So, I ate like a quarter of the chimichanga before I felt like I might pass out. I brought the rest home and my partner had the rest for lunch and let me tell you he can pack it away and this thing filled him up. completely. 

All in all I guess many would think good value for money, yes, if you like LOTS of meat. Otherwise it would be better if they lowered the price a wee bit and put a fraction of meat in their chimichangas and add some beans and rice and veg.
On a rare blue sky day in Edinburgh we found ourselves chilled from the motorcycle ride and in need of some heat - so Tex Mex seemed like a good idea.  As the flaming fajitas were lit and placed in front of me, I knew that we had made the right choice.  There was a medley of colours and textures in the vegetarian fajitas and once the butternut squash, peppers, onions and melons were wrapped in the tortilla along with some sour cream, jalapenos, cheese and / or guacamole the resultant taste explosion was delightful.  I enjoyed every mouthful of my meal. 

Ian had the carnitas (shredded pork) and, although I found it too salty, he enjoyed it thoroughly.

We were given the hot sauce as a condiment and immediately asked for the hotter one as neither of us felt that there was any heat in it.  The next level up wasn't available so we ended up with the kitchen's chilli paste - which had a lovely kick and great flavour.

Our only disappointments were that the key lime pie had run out the night before and that we couldn't drink the margaritas as we were riding home.  We'll be back!
i have to apologise as this update is rather overdue!  i was in tex mex about three weeks ago after my boyfriend and i were turned away at two sushi restaurants because they were too full and couldn't seat us until some ungodly time by which point i think my stomach would have eaten itself.  i was starving!!!! and getting grumpy and wanted delicious food and drink on a friday night... but it seemed like the world was against me and then we went to Tex Mex 2 and all was well.

we walked in and the waiter recognised us (since we go at least once a month) and gave us a table right away.  while we were looking at the menu the couple in the corner table by the window left and we were offered that table since we were regulars and the table we were at was a bit crammed.  so bonus points for giving your regulars a bit extra :) 

the food was delicious as always as were the margaritas!!  but it was really the customer service that night that pushed this review up to five stars.  we were given a table straight away and then moved to a better one.  we were noted as regular customers and given a refill on the popcorn that you get while reading the menu.  our food was delivered promptly but with enough time to enjoy the meal and not feel rushed.  also when they brought us the bill they us gave us a voucher for a free margarita.  so yay for tex mex 2!  my beacon of light while other restaurants have the gall to turn us away.  you've earned your five stars!!
A really good Mexican restuarant I found late-night in Edinburgh, when places all around seemed to be closing  and I was hankering after some spice action.

We went for tacos and burritos, with a side of chili in a fried tortilla. This is some of the freshest Mexican food I've ever had, the flavour was bursting out with lime, lemon and chilli, just how it should be.

Portions are really big too, in fact so large I had to ask for a doggy bag. This was a shameful event as I just wanted to eat it all fresh, it tasted so good.

If you love Mexican food get over here. Prices are reasonable too.
Tex Mex 2 is a real gem, hands down! The atmosphere is awesome, food and daiquiries are awesome and staff is soooo friendly. Don't miss this restaurant during your stay in Edinburgh!
Oh I love this place. it's staple in my thought patterns when trying to think of somewhere to go and eat in town....

The Margarita's, I confess, do quite heavily draw me to this place...they're so yum it's unreal...probably the best in town.

The food has always been consistently good in here and I, nor anyone I've dragged here (if they like Tex Mex or not) have had cause for complaint. 

The staff I always find are friendly. I was in here a couple of days ago and the chap noticed that I was waiting for a friend so brought me over some water and a magazine whilst I was waiting...like I say, nice staff!

Oh and you get Jelly babies instead of mints with your bill....enough said ;)
Margarita time!!! Love them. Particularly rate the strawberry. And when they attempted to scrimp on the salt and only cover half the rim on my glass, boy were they told! Salt me now!! For the margaritas alone I would keep coming back here. 

Shame it's not bigger, with a bar area too, but I guess it would lose a bit of its charm. The guy serving us was really friendly and took our girly banter in good spirit. He even topped up our spiced popcorn bowl for which was delish. 

One thing I will say. A total school boy error ordering starters and mains each. The portions are huge and Mexican is man-food so very filling and stodgy. My chicken chimichanga was very tasty. Homemade guacamole and salsa. Tick. Too many onions in the salsa in my opinion though. The beef burrito was equally tasty but huuuuuuge! Could only eat half. Totally hit the spot though and lined my pre Oktoberfest stomach nicely ;)

I love this wee place and find it hard to find better Mexican food in Edinburgh.
I really liked Tex Mex 2. I'd been wanting to go for awhile but didn't quite make it but with a girls night squeezed in before Christmas, we fancied margarita's and headed here.

I liked my margarita and the 1/2 litre jug is around 7.50 for the original type and about 1 more for flavoured (mango, strawberry, peach). The menu is pretty good - all the usual suspects such as chips and dips, chilli con carne, tacos, tortillas, flautas, burritos and more. 

I was tempted by the soft shell crab flautas and they were really good. Corn tortilla, fried, with a generous portion of crab, with guac, sour cream and salsa on top and salad on the side. They were good and I'd probably eat two lots of these and be happy!

I went for carnitas as a main - more like a tender pork stew with gravy rather than anything spicy but still tasty and would make for a good comfort food choice. I got corn tortillas with it as I'm GF and it was good. This dish probably didn't wow me, but I also probably should have ordered just two starters instead of a starter and main as I was pretty full as I worked my way through those chunky pork carnitas.

Staff were friendly and helpful - drinks and food came quickly and I loved the very moreish popcorn that was on the table as I arrived - yum. For two courses, 1/2 litre of margarita and a coke I was 27. 
I was totally stuffed and all tex mex'd out. Well worth a visit but it is small so it would be worth booking as there were more than a few disappointed peeps turned away...

Note - they do cater for gluten free peeps - most stuff can be amended and they have corn tortillas and tacos - there were only a couple of things on the menu which were totally off limits so this was great too, rather than half your choices disappearing after the question of  'what can be made gluten free?'
Another pleasant surprise from recent weeks!

Now, Wahaca of London fame, this is what I wanted you to be... great Mexican food with a genuine twist. 

To be honest the name and sign had me write this place off initially, despite having heard good things and being near so other fine Thistle Street establishments, but I'm glad I caved one afternoon and came by. 

The frozen Margarita starter, which is just me having a drink, was quite nice... it seemed a fine mix if what I was used to in the US and what I've gotten used to here and I loved that you could get them in baby pitcher sizes... I'm sure there's a fancier name for the baby pitchers, but it escapes me. Carafe? Moving on!

I ended up with two actual starters in and a side of refried beans in leu of an actual main... I did want the tuna, it sounded fantastic, but unfortunately they had run out of tuna that day so it wasn't meant to be.

The Chile Rellenos I had were smaller peppers than I'm used to, but definitely had a good flavour... when querying things the waiter even admitted they weren't his favourite, which I'm a big fan of... honesty, that is. 

The star of the show this afternoon was the Soft Shell Crab Flautas... wow! (Unlike the Chile Rellenos the waiter expressed his love for these, which was well founded.) They're definitely on my list to try again, and gleefully come with the tuna as a side so here's hoping if manage to get the two together next visit. 

The refried beans were also a treat... I loved that there was something to them with the spring onions and pink peppercorns... definitely impressed. 

From what I saw of other people's dishes I didn't see anything that made me cringe or look even remotely bad, always a good sign. 

True to their menu they have some random hot sauces... they gave me one simply called "Pain 100%", and it definitely lived up to it's name. If anything this was my one slight gripe this visit however... I didn't get a really good hot sauce, the initial ones I was offered (while having good taste), weren't too hot and the Pain 100% was a bit over the top sacrificing too much flavour for immense heat. They had a few others, so hopefully I'll get to sample more of the range on another visit.

(Side Note: where was this complimentary spicy popcorn everyone raves about?!?)

So, Tex Mex II, with your shopping-mall worthy name and funny purple sign you've still won me over... good on you, I'll definitely be back.
Right! Time for an update! I've been back a couple of times since I wrote my last review. More recently on Saturday with my boyfriend who has never been before. One word. YUUUUUUMM!!!! The decor is nothing fancy but I honestly can't say I've had better Mexican food anywhere else. Instead of my usual beef burrito I thought I'd change and go for the popular speciality of pork carnitas (basically a slow cooked pork stew served with guac, salsa, sour cream, salad and soft tortillas). I died and went to heaven!! Although full, I refused to let go off plate until every scrap of food was gone from it. Who knew that a pork stew could be so tasty?!! Everything is clearly homemade and beautifully presented. These people care about food and they care about good service! My bf did the obligatory
"Hot sauce challenge" and was presented with a series of hot sauces to try including one which was so hot they are not allowed to serve it with food. I laughed while he coughed and spluttered. A small dish of yoghurt was given to him to neutralize the heat. Men! 
Margaritas = amazing! 
Food = amazing!
Service = these guys care and want you to come back! 
I've now upper rating to 5 stars.
I'm a bit of a snob about Mexican food.  I keep trying to find authentic Mexican or Tex-Mex in the UK.  Mariachi gets points for being pretty damned close.

They, like the others I've tried, have no idea what refriend beans should look like. They, like others, use not only the wrong kind of bean but seem to just bake them or somesuch.  And this is coming from a woman who hates beans with a passion.  

That said, they also mixed beans into the meat for the tacos. WTF? That's just WEIRD. (and caused me a lot of extra work).  I give my tacos 2.5/5 stars.  The nachos get 4.5/5 - they were superb. And my boyfriend's steak fajitas looked great (and my stolen nibbles give them a 3.5/5.  

I'm waiting for a Mexican place in the UK that does the traditional North American thing of a bottomless supply of fresh tortilla chips and salsa on the table as part of the meal.  Having to order/pay extra for it is silly.  Since I got the nachos to start I didn't bother, but otherwise I really want to be able to expect it and have it there.

The decor was pretty nice and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  Not a perfect Mexican, but getting closer to what I hope for!
First things first - Mexican food is something that I can love one day, and hate the next, so for my review I put on my unbiased hat and entered Mariachi's.

First thing I noticed is how glad I was that I had booked ahead, as the moderatly sized restaurant was jam packed with customers and full of people looking hungry as they waited for a free table. So tip one - book!

That aside, the traditional mexican music that is barely audable above the hubbub of diners and the neutral decor lends a relaxed atmosphere and the margaritas we had while waiting in the bar area was second to none.

The menu is jam packed with traditional mexican and tex-mex foods, but we had to wait a little while for our orders, and the food was basic and according to my dining partner, the fajitas were bland.

That said, Mariachi's is smack bang in the middle of the city, and is always going to be busy with its trade from tourists - so the atmosphere is great, even if the food is a little uninspiring.
Dining here with a sizeable bunch of friends I expected the resulting drunken camaraderie to mask any shortcomings of the Mariachi, one of a number of Mexican restaurants in Edinburgh.  Watery salsa, shop bought tortilla chips, unnecessarily large splodges of sour cream,  and a limited selection of beers tainted my image of the place and I nearly got lost heading to what seemed like an endless journey to the gents.  Nonetheless, I left suitably sloshed and with a full belly. Diners can expect to pay around 12 for a main course and 5 for a starter, which considering some of the afore mentioned minor niggles isn't that bad, its just not particularly good either.
Went here on a work's night out and really enjoyed the food. I'm a fan of all things spicy, and this didn't disappoint. Spicy mushrooms are yum, and fajitas were really well put together. Not too pricey too, which is always good.
The only reason I'm not giving this 1 star is purely because of how much i LOVE anything vaguely fajita/enchillada/burrito-related. It would be almost like cheating on them if I did that.

But, if you're reading this Mariachi, you're really not that great. When I go to a latino restaurant I expect a great lively atmosphere, cheesy latino music, and amazing home-made food. Unfortunately, the only one of these criteria that Mariachi met was the cheesy music. And 1 out of 3 definitely is bad.

The food was mediocre at best. Having lived in South America for a year you could say that I'm being a bit harsh on them, as nothing back home ever tastes as good as the real thing. But Tex Mex 2 on Thistle Street absoutey blows that theory out of the water, as well as offering much better value for money.

If they insist on charging as much as they do here, they should up their game. Otherwise, they should lower their prices. But until they do, I don't see this place being the massive success that it should be given its location. I'm not surprised the Potterrow branch of Mariachi closed down!
I am a mexican from california and my wife wanted to have mexican food for dinner. She wanted the tacos and I wanted the burrito, but for 11 I wasn't sure how big it was or now good it would be. I asked the waiter how big it was and was pretty disappointed in the size but a man in a suit came by and said he has never heard any complaints in the quality of the burrito. WELL LET ME BE THE FIRST!!

For starters, your appetizers were bland. Your chips and dip was over 4 and the "tortilla" chips did not taste like corn tortilla chips. At least the guacamole was good. Your salsa was just big chunks of tomatoes. Your Camarones Picante was pre-cooked shrimp and then recooked with some spices laid over some veggies. The pre-cooked shrimp didn't soak in the spices so it tasted plain. What a disappointment.

The burrito came out and it was small but I was hoping it would make up in taste what it lacks in size. WRONG! This 11 burrito tasted like someone went to Tesco and bought a small tortilla and a can of chili con carne, wrapped it up and made it into an over priced burrito. My wife's two tacos; fried corn tortilla taco shells filled with the same chili con carne and sprinkled with cheese. The refried beens tasted bland and the rice was WHITE RICE. You don't serve WHITE RICE at a MEXICAN restaurant!! You serve red, mexican rice!!!

my 42 bill was $67US Dollars of disappointment that I will never get back. I even told people that were looking outside at the menu not to waste their time.
My friends and I happened upon this place on the way to our hostel and, being from Southern California (and therefore having quite a bit of experience with Mexican food), we were so taken aback by a Mexican place in Scotland that we just had to try it. It's a fine attempt, but ultimately misses the mark. My blended margarita didn't taste good, and my beef tacos were a bit over-the-top. The food isn't bad if you're desperate, but I don't think I would go there again.
being a natural yelper, when i saw this was where the HR christmas night out was booked, i immediately went and read all the reviews.  which in turn caused me to be a bit concerned that the meal would be a flop and my 22 would not be well spent!  however, on the night of i found my meal to be more enjoyable than expected.

the restaurant is quite sizeable, which i didn't expect walking through the door.  they have the ability to set up long tables for larges parties which is quite suited to a night out as many other office parties seemed to agree.  however, there is a strange downstairs bit that must be for private parties but then you have to walk through the party to get to the toilets, so not sure how great that is....

the festive menu was compromised of a number of items from their normal menu which i greatly appreciated as i've had a few too many turkey dinners as of late!  i choose the nachos and the pulled pork tacos accompanied with a shared bottle of white wine.  i felt our starters came out fairly quickly and i really enjoyed the nachos.  the salsa was super tasty and fresh and the portion was just the right size.  at the same time though, it's a bit difficult to mess up nachos, i mean melt cheese over tortilla chips top with salsa and sour cream.  however, the fresh ingredients definitely help to make the dish better.

my main course seemed to be a bit delayed as everyone else was served their meal and i was left sat at the end of the table with a sad face that had no food in front of it.  the waiter noticed and came right over to check what i'd gotten and then assured me it would just be a few minutes.  now a few minutes while everyone else is tucking in feels like forever, but my pulled pork tacos did arrive shortly and i tucked in as well!  now pulled pork is a recent discovery of mine and i have to say the best come from other tex mex establishments in edinburgh.  however, the tacos were tasty and stuffed full of meat and salsa, but could have used more sour cream.

i ended the meal by sharing a few bites of a warm chocolate pudding with ice cream.  it was tasty, but i'm pretty sure it was store bought and not made on premises.  overall, i enjoyed the meal and may be tempted to return.  however, i didn't feel like this place stood up to my favourite tex mex locations which is why it's only 3 stars.  it seems like a good party location as the waiters are friendly and helpful and more than happy to provide shots of strawberry margarita round the table.  but for a more enjoyable tex mex fix i'll be visiting somewhere else.
I unfortunately fell into the trap pf ordering chips and salsa first. Way too much food. But other than that, it was exactly what you would expect from a Mexican place. Big serves, as often happens in Mexican, and fresh ingredients. Nothing earth-shattering but reasonably priced. I would go back, next time I am in the area and in the mood for Mexican.
Very tasty food in a great location, with an unbeatable price! Chili Con Carne is recommended...
Being from California, I thought this was some of the best Mexican food I had yet to find in the UK, until I was terribly sick with FOOD POISONING later that night. 

I came here with a friend on 31/12/13 for a quick, last minute dinner as all the other restaurants in town were fully booked. I ordered the chicken burrito and for 11 it was actually pretty decent. However I'm 100% positive that it was the burrito that gave me food poisoning about 6 or 7 hours later. 

Don't come to Mariachi if you can help it!
The worst, NON Mexican food I have ever had. The worst food I have ever had. The restaurant is nice enough, the staff nice, too, but the food, BAD!!!!! Tasted more like Indian, but did not look like Indian!!!!!! AVOID!
We enjoyed an outstanding Thanksgiving buffet with a wide array of menu items. All the basic turkey fare,but also peel and eat shrimp,salmon,prime rib,etc.  Because the weather was pleasant we were able to take advantage of the outdoor courtyard to enhance our experience. The price was more reasonable than other buffets and I highly recommend it.  The Mission Palms is right off Mill ave. as well.
I've been here for breakfast and gladly it was paid! They have a buffet but because I was with some ASU guests I had to stick to the menu. It is not a big menu, but still has a little bit of something sweet, salty, healthy, high carb, veggie.

I had the Greek omelet and it was more than enough! the potatoes were a bit salty, but the rest was just a good combination. Employees are really courteous and helpful!
This place is the best American buffet in the phoenix area.  The quality of food you get here is comparable to good wedding food, fathers/mothers day buffet, or other banquet type events.  All this for only $15 which includes a drink and a wide selection of desserts.  

I go here once a month and the staff is always friendly and very  professional

*insider tip: mention you are a culinary club member and they will give you an additional 20% off.
Great place! Service is awesome. Try the tacos- perfect! Table side guacamole is the best. Plate sizes are great for sharing. Nice place for date night or meeting with a group of friends. We are here on vacation. Can not wait to return!
Went with 3 co-workers to the Wednesday lunch buffet, which always features Prime Rib.

The star of the show is the Prime Rib.  It was DELISH and was the main thing that makes this worth the $15 buffet charge.

There was a sandwich station with various cold cuts to build your sammiches, a salad bar, and a "hot food" bar with 4 different "meat/veggie" combinations.  All those were just so-so, nothing to wow anyone.

But the Prime Rib Carving Station was TOP notch.  Worth every penny of the cost.

The desserts were fairly mundane (brownies, pecan pie, 4 kinds of cookies) with the exception being a Strawberry Cheesecake Parfait which was delumptious.  

We will likely be going back on future Wednesdays.
A great restaurant staff! They go above and beyond for their customer.
Try the buffet you will not be disappointed.
Bacon is cooked to perfection. Fruit is fresh and the seating is perfect for large groups.
= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

This Buffet lives in the nice Tempe Mission Palms Hotel & is open for lunch Monday through Friday,  featuring a different food theme each day. Today Thursday was Mexican day, & I was joined for by Mike C. to give it a try.

The appetizers were two soups.  The Tortilla Soup was good, the Pablano Chowder amazing!  Moving on  to the rest of approximately 50 main food choices there were two prepared salads out, plus two kinds of greens & the usual other goodies to make you own salad.  The main dish items included beef Fajitas, beef roast, Chayote Squash with lots of other goodies in there with it, Spanish Rice, Charro Marinated Cod (with lots of other goodies in there with it, in a tasty sauce), fancy grilled chicken, pork loin, & so on.  There were also tempting sandwiches with various kinds of thinly sliced meat, lots of fresh fruit choices, & a number of sweet desserts.

Delicious food here with friendly service in a lovely dining room, but somewhat smallish selection & the price of $15.95 bring down the rating some.     :-)
Had the lunch buffet here and all the food was pretty good. The seating area was modern and comfy but no booths. The dessert selection was Ok and worth an extra star.I do prefer a lot of the other buffets that are in this price range and will not return. why pay more than wandering horse buffet fot half as good?.
We actually walked out of this restaurant. Now, it may have been that we went while they were transitioning from breakfast to lunch; however, a hotel restaurant needs to be better prepared for such transitions. The food MAY have been great but I never had a chance to taste it. The MAIN reason was a RUDE hostess, acting as though our concerns did not matter to her. Even if I had tasted the food and it was the greatest I have ever tasted, RUDE employees will NEVER get my return business.
You know what parents just Looooove?  They just love it when the hostess counts the party of six and says "four?.....and two kids."  That's right because since kids don't have credit cards they aren't technically a full human in the eyes of a restaurant. 

Then we sit down and we're given FOUR menus.  Not only is my daughter old enough to read, she's old enough to know when she's been rudely blown off.

Then there came FOUR glasses of water.  She asked, "Daddy, how come they didn't give me a water?"  I gave her my glass and told her she should assume that they rudely forgot to bring MY water.  

After about 45 minutes of waiting in frustration and embarrassment with no food, we all got up, paid for our coffee and left.  "Oh but your food is ready now." Sorry, I was insulted when we walked in the door and after 45 minutes of stewing in insult am too fed up to complete the purchase.  If you can't scramble eggs in 45 minutes, I'll find someone else who can.
This is located within the Tempe Mission Palms hotel. This is where lunch was served while I was in my training. Many options. Salad bar was great! Lots of veggies! A lot of the warm food was greasy or creamy. There was always 1 option that was pretty healthy. The staff is great and friendly. Very on the ball when it came to serving us. Dessert was also awesome!!!
I come to this place once a year for business, this year it hit an all time low for quality, our meals were so bad that we couldn't eat them! We tried not once but twice to have a meal here and both times things had to be sent back. Even though we talked to the so called manager nothing much was done for the really bad meals. We did receive credit for one meal but that was only one and after we had finished our 2 meals and the lady with us had to eat alone. Sorry but there are a lot of good places to eat well within walking distance. NEVER AGAIN!
Great breakfast burrito!  I've never been to Gil's, but the restaurant had a booth at Old Town Farmer's Market in Scottsdale today.  I had a bacon and egg breakfast burrito.  Good tortilla stuffed with bacon and eggs, of course, as well as potato, cheese, and green chiles.  The burritos were made ahead, but wrapped in foil and kept warm.  Tasted like it had just been made.

I would definitely try the restaurant if I happened to be in that part of town.
I thought the entrees were good, I had tamales and my buddy had the chicken enchiladas.  I tried both and thought they were both pretty solid.  My one complaint, and I REALLY hate this about Mexican/New Mexican spots, is that the rice and beans were totally an afterthought.  Blah, Blah, Blah, they frankly well...they sucked.  They were such a big minus they took away plenty from the main dishes.
Do tell them if you're not a spicy food fan, I like spicy but even I was sweatin' at the end of the meal (not that I minded but if you're more timid you will be in pain).  And they do not mention on the menu what's spicy and what's not from what I recall (nor was I asked my heat tolerance).
We had dinner and the food was very authentic. I had Hatch Green Chile and chicken enchilada and my dining partner had the beef burrito combo plate. I was surprised to learn the beef was ground and not shredded. Flavor of salsa has right mix of spices and tasted fresh. Cute place tucked away in the strip mall. Very good choice for lunch or dinner in you are in the neighborhood. Prices are reasonable for what you get. No liquor license and not sure if you can byob (cold Pacifico would have been nice).
Best chips EVR!!!!! Gil's makes their own tortilla chips from scratch & they are absolutely fantastic. I also particularly enjoy the green chile salsa, so delish.

For the main course, I ordered up a cheese enchilada with chile relleno combo. Food items were drenched in a good amount of chile sauce. The chile relleno was deeeelishous. The cheese enchilada itself was nothing too special & I didn't eat much of it. The rice & beans were delish. Rice was thick & tasty. Everything is made to order and home made, which shows in the food.

No alcoholic beverages served at this restaurant, which is one drawback.
The only way I can describe my experience is its as if your Nana or your friend's Nana cooked a homemade meal and you were lucky enough to be over that day.

-Homemade, perfectly salted, good textures, deep and spicy flavors, and HOMEMADE!

-I had the bowl of Chimaya Red Chile (PICTURED), in which you choose whether you want ground beef, chicken, or carne asada meat a lil different to have the option than the red chile with beef we are all used to.  I chose carne asada and it was greatness.  It came out with an extra large flour tortilla in a tortilla warmer just like at yo Nana's, good homemade pinto beans (not refried), thicker tomatoey tasty spanish rice, and the bowl of chile was bigger than my face and filled to the brim.  I swear it had to have had more than 2 cups in there.  

-The best part was that the chile was perfectly seasoned, slightly smokey, slightly spicy and had the most meat I have ever seen in a red chile.  Aside from having such a great quantity of meat, the meat was so moist it tasted as if it had actually been in the chile for some time when we all know it hadn't been since they make the bowl to order.

-The man had the 2 taco combo.  You also have the choice of meat with this dish.  He also chose Carne Asada.  He said it was very tasty, moist carne asada in perfectly hand-fried shells.  He enjoyed the beans and rice as well so we have no idea wtf the previous reviewers were talking about the rice and beans being bland.  It was obvious the recipes used to concoct the rice/beans were Gil's own and again delicious at that.

-Chips are the thick, just-cut corn tortillas then fried to a perfect crispness and salted generously.

-Green salsa was okay but red salsa was thick and hotsaucy and had a very good spicy.

-Sopaipillas were perfect.  Light, airy, crisp outside, pillowy soft inside.  Served with a bowl of honey and YES a honey dipper (PICTURED) just like your Nana had in her kitchen for all those sopaipillas she made you.

I know 5 stars for one visit is a bit extreme but seriously every thing there is so homey tasting I am completely ignoring the fact that the atmosphere is lacking (think you are eating at Nana's and she's watching TV and only you and your friend are the only ones eating in the kitchen at 8pm haha), and the fact that they serve the 12oz bottles of Coke products for drinks..but you CAN BYOB I saw a couple walk in with their brown bags consisting of a Corona tall bottle and a premixed Margarita bottle.  

ANYWAYs ignore what I just said in the last paragraph and only remember what I said about the food.  

Please go here ONLY for the food and for the fact that I don't want this gem to close down from the lack of knowledge about this place's goodness before I have a chance to get back there!  GO here for the FOODS!
Gils.. A relatively new business to the complex on 16th St and Bell Rd. 

Gils is NOT your average Mexican Style food. It is New Mexican Style. They use whole beans, no lard and light on flavor. The rice is not orange but more of a yellow with hints of garlic infused. The burritos are covered in red or green sauce, which can be a hot or mild depending on the crop. 

I had the pork Carnita's burrito topped with green sauce. Beans and rice. I would have been disappointed it I expected smashed refried beans too. BUT I love the beans as they are. They are sort of like a ham hock style bean. The carnitas was wonderful and huge. filled with pork and not a spec of fat in it. Topped with cheese and Hatch Green Chilie sauce. Did I mention Huge? 

The whole meal including water and chips and salsa set me back $10 bucks. I even have a small lunch for tomorrow. The chips are homemade and the thicker type. The red salsa was spicy but not hot and green was good. 

The rest of the menu looked good, nothing stood out as a must have but I will be back. 

The place was clean and they made a nice patio outside, complete with waterfall and everything.
While I am clearly aware that the cooking has a Taos or Northern NM influence, my desire for quality Southern NM cuisine brings me here hoping to taste a bit of the Las Cruces/Mesilla flavor. For those people who appreciate the taste of Southern New Mexico cuisine, you'll be disappointed.  There is a huge difference in how the food from Taos and Mesilla/Las Cruces is prepared.  I've been here 6 times over the past 3 months and although the chips are better than average, it's still not as good as NM.  The sopapillas are OK, not great, and the food in general hit or miss.  The only really bad dish is their chili rellano.  For some reason, they wrap this with an omlette-like cover which doesn't work.  I highly recommend the green chili stew, it's a safe play.  I would highly recommend Carolina's Mexican restaurant on Cave Creek and Thunderbird Rd.  The food there is cheap, portion sizes large, and it's home cooked and always yummy.  One thing about Gil's, their patio.  It's a quit little set-up which does make for an enjoyable retreat with friends.
My first try of Gil's was A-ok.  I did not dine in because I had some business to attend to at home.  I did talk to the server who's name eludes me for the moment.  He was nice and helpful.  I asked how long they have been in business and he said it was 1 year ago today.  He also said that he was actually born and raised in Taos.  Gil is actually the owner and ,if I recall correctly, he came from Taos as well.  My initial thought that the "Taos" thing was just a marketing ploy was changed.  Gil started the biz doing catering and the restaurant came second.

I wanted to try all the different kinds of meat so I got the Carne Asada sandwich, 3 tacos (chicken, beef, and carnitas), and a side of chips and salsa (both the red and green salsas).

The Carne Asada came on a regular looking hamburger bun with sesame seeds on top.  The meat looked like what you would get on a bbq sandwich.  Shredded beef.  Then cheese and hatch chiles.  That's it.  In my opinion it needed just a little salt to bring out more of the flavors.  Not bad at all.  The fries are a different story being that they didn't even come close to my standards.  As was used before, the fries were like an afterthought.  Just to be clear, I didn't come here for the fries.  They just came with the sandwich.

All three tacos were pretty much par for the course.  I would say I liked the Carnitas best out of all the meats.  However, they all were juicy, tender, and had good flavor.  The crispy taco shells were fresh.  They came with the normal fixins on top.

The chips ARE good like everyone else said.  I like the red salsa but I have a suspicion that it is just doctor'd up spaghetti sauce.  I am probably wrong though.

All-in-all a pretty good meal.  I ate half of everything so this will feed me twice for around $20.  I will definitely eat here again.

When I was waiting for my food, the man who greeted me said that he felt the best thing on the menu was the #3 Hatch green chile and chicken enchilada, which I agreed sounded good.  I will remember to try that next time.
By chance stumbled on Gil's, and walked away very pleased with my meal.  The staff was extremely friendly.  The chips quite possibly could have been the best I ever had - crisp, thick, not greasy.  Although green chili's are the specialty, the red sala was great, with a terrific smokey flavor.  

To top it off - BYOB!!

It was empty when I went, so I hope others frequent Gil's.  I would hate for Gil's to fail because of lack of interest. We have our share of bad restaurants so when you find a good one, you just hope it succeeds.
A little patio with a little waterfall and little birds flitting about.
A little bit different than your average local mexican, since it's NEW mexican style.
A little bit of $ for a little more food than I could eat at once.
A lot is how much I like Gil's food and service.
A lot is how much effort the proprietor seems to have put into creating a unique, quaint, homey, and comforting menu and atmosphere.
A lot is how much effort you should put into finding this little gem.
For home-style Northern New Mexican food, this is as good as it gets in North Phoenix, and Gil's is one of the best places in the valley for this style.  As mentioned in other reviews, the chips are fantastic. The little patio with the fountain is great.  Green and Red Chile are right on.  Good sopapillas.   Overall, it is worth going out of the way to eat here.
Big fat meh! 

No alcohol and (at keast some) soda was served from bottles. Wife liked the ketchupy red salsa; I enjoyed the green. Chips were chewy and greasy, not bad, but different. I had the chiles rellenos -- the green sauce was bland and the chile, very mild. My wife has the chicken enchiladas with the same bland sauce. Kid one had a red tamale that had mushrooms, etc. in it? Wasn't expecting that! Kid two had scrambled eggs. 

This place just isn't worth it. There's way better Mexican in town and Spinato's is right across the street.
This place is a really, hole in the wall, cozy place. I had lunch with the wife outside next to the water  fountain and we both enjoyed it. The price wasnt bad and the food was good. As for the chips, I definitely like the green salsa more than the red salsa
Things I liked: The homemade chips (mmm), the red salsa, the tender chicken pieces in my enchiladas and the service.

Things that just didn't work for me- The green sauce was so blah I couldn't eat it without dousing it in the red to get a little flavor. The beans and rice were disappointing as well. Perhaps it is my lack of familiarity with New Mexican cuisine, but I was not impressed.
Great little hole in the wall with authentic New Mexican food.  Chili Relleno was awesome, and the red and green chile was flavorful and spicy.  Rice and beans were good and the sopapilla was delicious. Atmosphere was cozy.  If you want real red and green chile vs. sauce this is the place.
I came here for my birthday a few days ago and I have to say that I really do enjoy the food and ambience of the restaurant.  Our meal began with a bowl of flour tortilla chips (fried) that were simply tasty and memorable.  The salsa was a green (tomatillo) and a slightly hotter red salsa.  The salsa and chips cannot be beat!

I ordered a Hatch chilli and chicken combo that was true New Mexican in taste.  The one thing that I truly love about the food is that the sour cream is on the side, not all over.   I have a problem with dairy and sour cream can easily ruin my meal.

The server (part owner) was attentive and knowledgeable.  My son decided that he wanted to play with a small armor suit in the background (sans the knight).  The mask fell apart, but the restaurant and management were supportive and light hearted about it.  He had a smiley face pancake and fries, quite the meal for a four year.  My wife had the fajitas.  It was served with the hot peppers on the side, not to overwhelm someone who does not cherish the finer qualities of chiles.
The restaurant is small and has a romantic/quaint setting.  The price for a couple dining (no alcohol) is about $30.00 per couple (before tip).
My only suggestion - serve some desert!

The ambience plus food for $30.00 per couple is a well deserved treat, just do not touch the shining armor in back!
Not for me, thanks.

I'm from New Mexico.  Not far from Taos, in fact.  This is NOT New Mexican style food, and it is NOT Taos style food.  At least, not a place that plans on staying in business.

Sure, the place is cute.  Sure, the people are nice and friendly and provide decent service.  Sure, the price vs. quantity ratio is more than fair.
And the food isn't the type of bad that will make you sick.

Had I been going with the aim of getting some Americanized Mexican style food, I may have given more stars.

But to me, going to Gil's for New Mexican food is akin to going to Idaho for good Mexican food.  It's just not happening.

Sigh.

And for the love of all that's right and good - will SOMEONE in this town learn to make a real sopapilla???
I've never been to New Mexico but now I don't want to go. 

The place is cute,though. Nobody was in there on a Saturday. Get there early as they close at 5:00pm. Odd for a restaurant. 
We made personal friends with the server who was delightful.  Since there was nobody there for him to wait on we talked to him a lot.

I'm just not a fan of this kind of cooking. The chips were different but good. Salsa was ketchupy. The beans were bland but probably healthy. My carnitas burrito was filled with a strange kind of pork that was full of little chunks of grizzle. Like it was carved from a waste part of the pig like the head or hocks. HUGE turn-off for me. When I have to stop chewing and spit something in my napkin every other bite you loose me. I expected nice pulled pork. I should have gotten the chicken one like my wife. She loved hers. The taste was good, however. It was kind of hot from all the hatch chilis. You may want to ask for sour cream. The rice was OK. 

You get a huge portion. You will get 2 meals from it so the cost is great. I might go back and try something else from the menu but I like Macayos better.
We utilized Gil and his crew at Gil's Taste of Taos to cater our baby shower yesterday afternoon.  

These guys are true professionals and handled changes to the menu and head count without batting an eye. They were prompt to send over and invoice and a pleasure to deal with leading up to the shower. 

They arrived at the shower at the scheduled time and did all the set up and subsequent breakdown at the end of the party.  They used the available space and made the buffet functional and tasteful.

Speaking of taste...the food was phenomenal and WAY beyond my expectations.  I had previously informed Gil of my love of the Hatch green chile and he ensured that the ingredient was center stage with our meal.  We opted for beef and chicken fajitas and he included both corn and flour tortillas.  There were chicken and beef burros, cheese and chicken enchiladas, whole beans, spanish rice, freshly made tortilla chips and all the fixings including guacamole, green and red salsa, sour cream and extra roasted Hatch green chiles!

Excellent, excellent, excellent job guys! The food and service were both outstanding and we will definitely recommend you for any catering needs.
All I can say is YUM...

The staff is great and the food is always good. 

We like to get it x-mas style because I like the green salsa and the GF likes the red.

The Indian Frybread taco is my absolute favorite, but everything on the menu is worth trying!
On our first trip to Gils, I called ahead to see if we'd need reservations only to get a recording saying they were closed between 3&5 but to leave a message and someone would call back.  I left a message but no one ever called back.  Thinking we'd give it a shot even without reservations we showed up just after 6 on a Friday only to find a sign on the door stating they were closed for the day.  Gee, it would have been nice to know that before driving across town.  
So a couple weeks roll by and we decide to give it another shot.  The chips & salsa are great.  More of a pita chip than a tortilla but they work great with the salsa.  I had one of their daily specials which was very good and my GF had a taco which she reported was OK (high praise for her).  The only complaint is that it took soooo long.  It took sooo long before we were asked for our drink order, then sooo long for the drinks to show up.  Instead of taking our food order at that time we were left sitting sooo long before he came back.  Then it took sooo long for our food to come and when we were finished it took sooo long to clear our plates.  He finally came back after sooo long and we put in an order for dessert.  Empanadas with honey.  Very yummy, it just took sooo long to get to our table.  Then sooo long to get the check and sooo long for our waiter to pick it up and charge it.  We showed up at 6 and didn't get out of there until after 8.  
The next trip there were four of us and it was a virtual repeat of the previous experience.  Really good food, really slow service.  The differences were that this time they were out of their house tea and although I ordered chicken in my burrito, I got beef.  If it hadn't taken sooo long in the first place I would have asked them to fix it, but by this time I'd been there sooo long I was in need of a shave.  We got out of there around 8:30.  
There's no doubt that the chef is outstanding, but perhaps they're more suited to catering and should leave the restaurant business to people with more experience in the hospitality industry.  Or maybe they should change their name to So Longs and start serving Asian food.  Until that happens we'll just say "So Long" to Gils Taste of Taos.  
On the upside, on the Friday they were closed we discovered a Thai place a couple doors down that's fantastic!
Could've been 5 stars. but for a few small problems.  The restaurant is tiny but they do have a cute patio space to sit in.  I think it would be a great date place, BYOB so plan ahead.  (there is a gas station in the same parking lot if you don't plan ahead!)

The food was good.  They fry their own chips, which are slightly thicker than most chips and really good.  Except this time they were a bit over done.  I honestly wouldn't have served them that brown, but half of the people in my group liked them that way.  

I had a taco salad with pork carnitas, the pork was really really good.  I've eaten several things from here, I would recommend going with chicken or the pork instead of the beef.  My husband really liked the carne asada in his enchilada but I have had the ground beef tacos which i thought were salty and greasy.  Beans and rice are ok, they are definitely not the stars.  

There is only one guy cooking back there (Gil, obviously, right?) and one server.  So don't expect it to be a super fast meal.  

Prices are pretty good and although the menu is limited, I would think there are enough options to keep everyone happy.  They make milkshakes too!
This is a very small "hole in the wall" restaurant. They are primarily known for their catering but the food at the restaurant is some of the best around. The Chips and Salsa are winners themselves but everything I tasted was equally delicious. Try the Cheese Crisp with Green Chili's. They are not to hot but packed with flavor. The food is cheap and the portions are large so make sure to leave room for desert. They definitely have me wanting to visit Taos.
This place leaves a lot to desired. My dad and I went during the week because he was craving Mexican food. So, I suggested we give Gil's a shot - trying to support local restaurants. 

It was in a pretty dingy strip mall but we weren't deterred. There was a family eating on the patio so we decided to eat inside (and were the only ones in there, aside from one guy that stopped in to get a take-out order). 

We started with chips and salsa. The chips were descent - thicker than normal but tasty. The salsa (if you can call it that) was horrible. Not much better than tomato paste and a few spices. 

Then, we got a cheese crisp with green chiles. This was the highlight of the meal. Not a memorable cheese crisp but the green chiles were fresh and not canned. 

For entrees I got a shredded beef taco and my dad got a combo plate with an enchilada, rice and beans. Pretty bad - bland and nothing to come back for. 

The 1-star is for the friendly service, good chips and okay cheese crisp. But, if you're wanting Mexican food, you'd be better off at Valle Luna or Manuel's. 

And my rating is not because I'm comparing this place to normal "Mexican food" places - I know this place is supposed to be "New Mexican." I have been to good New Mexican food restaurants - this will never be one of them.
This review is for Gil's catering - which is fantastic.  

Our perfect event for a new product launch needed to be casual, but tasty and high quality.  Gil's was all of these things.  The food presentation is pretty without pretension.  Everything was fantastic.  Best of all, Gil worked with us to plan an event within our budget.  

Fare is traditional with a tasty twist - our group loved the chimis, taquitos, enchiladas and especially the chips.  

We expected 2 servers and 4 showed up - including Gil.  They over delivered in every sense.
Delicious sopapilla (if you like spicy I recommend the red sauce). Remember guys this is New Mexican food not Mexican. The waiter was great, food didnt take too long, and yes I will be going back.
Even if the food was amaaaaazing. I won't be going back. It was good but I have had equally good and better. The service was horrendous. First we called so we could place our order and then pick it up since we had the kids, they didn't pick up the phone. I get there and there was only one guest in the dining room, so they weren't too busy at all. 

I sat inside for 40 MINUTES waiting for them to make a burrito/kids burrito and a taco plate. My husband was waiting in the car with the kids. While I was sitting there they could have at least offered me water or their table chips/salsa while waiting. 

Not only all of that but it was $30 for just those 3 things which is outrageous for mediocre Mexican food. They get 1 star for service and 2 stars for the food.
Wow , the best chile relleno i ever had ! The beans and rice were so good like homemade .
1st time and it won't be the last time.  It is tiny and only 1 cook, so instead of hurrying through dinner, BYOB, sit and relax for a change.  Had great service and the waiter had only been there 2 days "Very Impressed", they were very busy and ran out of chips, but they were worth the wait.  They make their own and they are thick and wonderful.  I had the chicken bowl with fresh hatch chili's, spicy and delicious.  Have already referred to friends.  Can't wait to back.
Today I ordered a Chile Rellenos Plate, and a Bowl of Hatch Green Chile with Chicken.

The Chile Rellenos had the red sauce, was flavorful but not very spicy.  Had a homemade taste to it which I enjoyed; beans/rice were excellent.  The Chile itself however was just ok.  It was more of an omelette with a chile inside.  It had a good flavor, but my wife is picky and didn't enjoy the omelette-style chile.  Normally it's a fluffy egg mixture encasing the chile with a crisp texture on the outside.  What she had was an omelette filled with strips of chile, not a stuffed chile.

I ate the bowl of Hatch Green Chile with Chicken, which was $8.25.  I ordered our meals to go, and I was surprised to see what I ordered in a 16-oz soda cup.  It came with 3 small tortillas (dipping or to make a taco?? tasty but wasn't really sure.) and that was that.  It was bland at first, but then the pepper and green chile builds as you eat it creating a peppery-heat that tastes good.  It was more watery than I expected, and the tortillas didn't really serve a place.  I was pretty disappointed immediately that I had just paid about $9 for a cup of soup.  I thought it was going to be more like a rice-bowl or something.

Now, to stay positive, my wife and I eat their Hatch Chile breakfast burritos regularly at the farmer's market.  We always enjoy them, they are $6.95 and delicious.  HUGE too.  I have to say though, I was very disappointed with what I ordered today.  I suppose I'll stick with that burrito at the market.
we saw this place while shopping next door at the Indian market.  I was excited to see a Mexican restaurant that was going to be differant.  When we sat down and looked at the menu the only thing that looked interesting was the Indian taco.  so we got that and nachos.  Every thing was good but nothing was speacial or different from any other mexican place.
I'm from New Mexico and this place hits home for me. I'm a big fan of their breakfast if you can catch them on a Saturday mid morning.  They have really good chips and salsa which is homemade.  Sounds odd but Gil makes a really good green chili burger. I've tried mostly everything on their menu and recommend anything with their red chili smothered all over it. Scrumptious!  They have a cute patio and you can BYOB. If you like spicy..This is your place!
I had the green chili chicken enchilada and it was fantastic. It was authentic New Mexican food at its finest and for a good price. I hear the breakfast burritos are legit so I will be coming back soon to try it.
Gil was so friendly, super professional.  The New Mexico enchiladas were delish!!!! Hands down for this place!!!!
My meal was amazing. The guacamole was great as well as my partner's Indian taco. Our waiter was great as well.
Im a regular, been there several times, always excellent service an luv everything from chips &salsa, enchiladas, burritos, tacos, always fresh an delicious:)
Huge portions, salsa bar, cheap and the staff is friendly.

I didn't particularly care for the taste... I like Chipotle's spice style and this one tasted bland to me.

I had the Overachiever taco combo with steak and all the fixin's... the steak totally ruined it for me.  I was wishing I got a vegetarian one, but I tried my partner's chicken on her club nachos and the chicken was good.

For someone who doesn't eat a lot, don't get the overachiever combo unless you plan on saving some for later.
Moe's is very average food. There isn't anything that stands out and falls behind similar places-Qdoba, Chipotle etc. 

The food was fresh and tasted alright, but was nothing special. The burritos are on the smaller end and has smaller portions inside the burrito.

My biggest problem was the value. There is NO way a burrito of that size with that little rice, beans, meat should cost over $7.50 for an original size. I've had bigger and better burritos that cost around $5. A small soda for $2.50 is also a bit much (free refills).

With each order you do get chips and salsa. I really liked the chips. Salsa was okay.

One other thing that baffled me. My wife ordered a Triple Lindy burrito in a bowl. You get this in a white box. When you try to throw it away, you can't fit the box in the trash can as the top is configured in a weird way. Good thinking.....

I was amused by the name of the Burritos-Homewrecker, Art Vandelay etc. Good stuff!

Moe's won't be high on list to go back to around Jobing.com for me. There are other places that are better.

2.5
Stopped in here after a movie and before the Cardinals first pre season game. They had a sign on the door, any burrito and a beer for $6.67. The burrito was as good as any I've gotten from Baja Fresh or Chipotle but obviously much more affordable. Beers are $2 each if you want more, and I think this place is the best kept secret at Westgate. I will be going there again! Give it a try.
The burritos are just okay. You can get better at Rubios or Chipotle! The nachos are HUGE - the hubby and I split an order and still didn't finish them. A little disappointing though. I found the toppings kind of bland. But hey, where else can you get $2 Heinekens and $1 Bud Lights on a Friday night? Moe's that's where!
"Welcome to Moe's!" 

I usually hate when an establishment has some sort of forced greeting like this, but for some reason, I love it at Moe's. While the food is not better than chipotle, or Baja Fresh, or most other fast food burrito chains, Moe's has a couple of things going for it that I really like. 

The big one is a different option than most. You can order the Triple Lindy, which gives you the choice between sour cream and guacamole. Since I dislike sour cream and love guacamole, this is perfect. Most other places (Chipolte) overcharge for gauc. Moe's on the other hand, charges you if you want both (the Home Wrecker) or the cheap option is one or the other (the Triple Lindy). 

Moe's also has a pretty good selection of cheap beer!
We moved to AZ about a year ago.  Prior to that we lived about 20 minutes from a Moe's.  Now we live about 45 minutes away.  Even with the drive, this Moe's is way better than our old one.

1.  They have daily specials.  Kids eat free on the weekends.  Other meal deals during the week.  Awesome.

2.  We eat tofu.  So, when we get there we have to wait 6 minutes while they cook it.  That kinda sucks...except we just get our chips and queso and eat that while we wait.  Then they always make us a TON of tofu and it's nice and fresh and hot.

3.  They are not stingy with the food.  They give you what you want and they don't skimp.

4.  They are friendly there.  That says a lot.

5.  The store is not dirty.  I mean, it is still 'fast food-ish' so don't expect pristine but we do see them out cleaning it up.  It's in way better shape than the last Moe's where we used to go.

Bottom line:  despite many, many food choices within 10 minutes, we still spend the time and gas money to hoof it on over to Moe's as often as possible.
This is our first (and last) AZ Moe's experience.  We lived 3 minutes from a Moe's in Ohio and always joked about the perpetual problems that NEVER got fixed.

Somehow, 2000 miles away, the problems are identical.
1.  Tofu is offered as a "meat" option but they were out of it.  The girl making the food didn't know where they kept the frozen tofu.  Same thing as Ohio.
2.  Certain vegetables not available.  "I showed up today and NOBODY had done any prepwork!  Sorry!"  Again, same thing as Ohio.
3.  One worker prepping food and ringing out on the register, and one worker rummaging around a freezer the entire 15 minutes they were in line (maybe looking for tofu?)  So, as the line lengthened with a Sunday lunch crowd, the poor girl became more and more frustrated.  (Yep, same as Ohio).  As I looked at my burrito sitting, getting cold, waiting for the girl to finish plating and ring it out, I just wanted to leap behind the counter and grab it.

We honestly do like Moe's food but there's some fundamental lack of management oversight to allow these problems to happen... over and over again.
I got the Joey bag of donuts burrito with chicken.  It was OK.  Smaller in size compared to Chipotle, and the favor just did not do it for me.  The free chips that come with the meal were GOOD!!!  Chipotle still captures my heart.
This restaurant is out of business. I was really disappointed!
This place just opened up in the Bermuda Triangle that is Sahara Pavilion(sahara/decatur)

Grand Opening is May 8th in the old Spirit of Cuba location. 

Today they had a fundraiser to benefit Caring 4 Kids Foundation from 5-8 pm. $5 donation you can get ANY & Everything you want off the menu & a drink!

My son & I each got a burrito & chips/salsa-we got a barbacoa & chicken. They were huge with rice & choice of beans plus pico,guac & more. The meats were fantastic-real spicy.

The service was outstanding , the place was clean & inviting with music pumped in.

There are about 10 4 person tables and a few 2 person tables. Probably under 40 people seating indoors, but they have outdoor patio seating too.

The only missing is a salsa bar.

I'd rather go here anytime over Roberto's & Baja Fresh in this neighborhood.
This used to be an Uno's years ago- in the 1990's. (Yup, used to eat there with my husband, back when, we were just good friends.)  Since then, it's been numerous other restaurants, with little or no success. 

All the restaurants are pretty much the same decor- a little similar to Hash  House A Go Go- metal elements/industrial central to their restaurants. This one seems bigger/spacious than the one near the University, because it is long- shaped like a rectangle, rather than a square. No drive-thru window. There were three other patrons (more empty than the one near the University which is hoppin') and four people working there. Though there are other Fast-Mex restaurants in the area (El Pollo Loco and Baja Fresh- each one has different favorites), I hope that this one finds success at this historically unlucky location. 

Finally went here over the weekend for takeout. I bought a chicken burrito and a chicken salad for a little over $12 (regular price). I love how all the meat is naturally raised ("Food with Integrity" is part of their mission statement), at these restaurants. I also love that it is made right there in front of you (kinda like Zaba's & Q-Doba). This way, one can customize. I had the chicken (perfectly seasoned), crisp romaine greens, corn, pico de gallo, peppers and onions, and cheese- comes with chipotle-honey vinaigrette. It's so good, but doesn't need much dressing since I also had the pico- but thinking I might just get the peppers and onions because I noticed my super-oniony  (from the raw onions in the pico de gallo) taste in my mouth afterward. Most of the greens were fresh, just had one leaf that was not good. You can get beans, but I skipped them this time. My husband's stuffed chicken burrito had the white rice (no cilantro), pinto beans, cheese, and sour cream. It took him a couple attempts to finish it. I told my husband we should come here more often. This one's more convenient to us since it's just one street away.   

Adult menu is basically three prices- $5.50- vegetarian, $5.85- chicken, $6.10- carnitas, barbacoa, & steak. Select Burrito, Burrito Bowl, Tacos (3), or Salad. Four different salsas to suit everyone's taste- from mild to hot. Extras & Drinks: chips, salsa, guacamole- $1.50-$2.25, Alcohol: beer and margaritas- $2.75-$3.50, Bottled drinks, & Soda (free refills). Kids menu $2.95-$3.95 quesadillas/taco/taco kit. You can order online www.chipotle.com, iPhone App, or by fax- since the menu is the same one used everywhere, no individual location's information is listed, sorry. 

Simple menu, made your way, great food, yummy choices, fast, fresh, quality ingredients, inexpensive, clean- this is a no-brainer for us.
It's the same as all the other Chipotle locations. The food is good, prices are reasonable (no Vegas upcharge!), and plenty of seating. Too bad it's a bit of a drive from the Strip, but it's nicely situated to let you get a breather from the craziness of the Vegas Strip.
i LOVE chipotle! very fast service especially during the lunch rush and its close to my workplace. =)
Sometimes the steak is rare.  Actually a lot of times the steak is rare.  I like mine more medium.  Overall the burrito or burrito bowl hit their mark.  Love the guac.
I get suckered to go here, never my choice but I like the food its okay but for some reason it always ends up making my tummy hurt.
This restaurant is clean.  The service is good and staff is friendly.  If only they served Mexican food.  Failing that, would it hurt them to serve a burger or some alternative to whatever that stuff is they sell?
Chipotle is my go-to for a low-cal lunch during the workday (a chicken salad with no cheese or dressing, but plenty of salsa, for anyone curious). I order online and head straight to the register when I arrive. Aside from being convenient, this allows me to avoid the giant line that forms every day around noon. 

The food is standard Chipotle, which I happen to like a lot. The restaurant is clean and pleasant, albeit noisy. The parking lot seems to be modeled after parking lots in the 7th circle of hell.

The only gripe I have is that my online order is rarely ready when I arrive. Unless I'm 10+ minutes late, I often have to wait for my food to be prepared. But, since the online orders are put together in the back, it's still much faster than waiting in line.
I'm pretty picky when it comes to my food. I always get either the bowl or the burrito with plain white rice and just a tiny bit of it. So many times I get attitude from the employees or they try and put like a cup of rice which I'm sorry is just way too much. 

This was my first visit to this location and the lady who started my food was friendly and understood the meaning of "a tiny bit of rice" mainly because it's a burrito don't need rice in it and without it the beans soak a hole in the tortilla. I absolutely hate cilantro LOL and yea my boyfriend is Hispanic haha but yea back to the restaurant... The lady was also the cashier so she had to walk off and let the second line worker finish our food. She also understands the importance of good portions. So many times I get like a pinch of cheese like really?! But not her she put a perfect amount of cheese and sourcream on the first try! Steak was brown all the way through so it definitely was a little old which works great for me because I can't eat medium rare meat which is how they cook it. 

All in all great visit will definitely return!
Hella thick and juicy!

Now Chipotle, all are the same? NO!

Here the cashiers are pretty awesome, my chica stuffed the shit outta my burrito with chicken, rice, beans, hot salsa, crema, cheese, and some lettuce! THIS THING WAS SOOO BIG IT RIPPED DOWN THE MIDDLE! Now at first I was a little pissed, but then I was like "Yea!!" I basically ate half the burrito with chips, then took the rest home for dinner!

Place itself is not super super busy so its nice, and its always clean! Prices have risen a little and the menu is nice bc it tells you calorie info.

In addition they have tacos, bowls, and quesadillas. Go get your eat on babies!
For a good price and decent food, I like Chipotle, but I was not happy with the service I received.  I do not eat meat so I need my veggies and I would like a good amount of them for $8, not just a small scoop.  But first, my experience at this location was terrible.  I got there, ordered my veggie salad and there was less then half a cup of veggies left in the dish, of course they probably have been sitting there for sometime and not fresh.  The lady behind the counter asked me if it was okay just to put those on, OF COURSE NOT!  I am not here paying for old veggies, I want fresh.  So I had to wait about 10 minutes for fresh veggies to be prepared.  Then, they only put on a small scoop, umm, mam, I am only getting veggies and lettuce, please put more on.  And of course when I asked for this I was given a "I am super annoyed look" by the employee.  HOW RUDE!  After I finally got my salad, it tasted good, nothing too special, but it was good.  Customer service sucked and I  will not go back to that location!
Chipotle is a true treat, I rarely eat here and was telling my boyfriend as we sat and ate why do we not come here more often? Seriously I have not eaten at Chipotle for at least 7 years and that was in los angeles when they first started opening locations. I enjoyed the build my own options, Subway style with creating exactly what I want. I opted for a beef burrito, it was a hard decision as the chicken looked so juicy and good as well. 

I was not in the mood for beans so I selected, cilantro rice, tender juicy beef, green peppers and onions, cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream, guacamole and lettuce. This burrito was fat even without the beans!

The first thing that comes to mind after the first bite is FRESH! The food is not greasy, every ingredient taste fresh and of good quality!

I also chose a side of guacamole and chips! Mmmmm yum I love their guacamole and fresh fried corn chips so much!

We will be back! I have been missing out and will not wait as long as I did to return!

Also for all of you soda and iced tea lovers it is serve yourself when you dine in for drinks so you can have all you want refills which is a bonus! I really liked their fresh brewed iced tea!



Mmmmmm yummy!
This is my favorite Chipotle location in town! It's close to home, and the staff is very friendly.

It's rarely crowded, but there have been a few times that I show up right in the middle of a killer lunch rush, and that's always a pain in the buns.

I have a few favorite employees here, they always hook up my veggie burrito bowl with extra sour cream and cheese just like I ask. They even remind me to get my guacamole on the side so I can eat it with my chips. Does it get better than that? I think not!

I'm here so often that the staff recognizes my boyfriend and I and has asked where our friends are on a few occasions (we rarely dine at Chipotle alone). I feel welcome, and never rushed to make decisions on my order, since sometimes I pretend I'm going to get something different, even though we all know that I'm never deviating from my veggie bowl... ever.

Another plus is that this place is always clean, and they have a healthy stock of Chipotle flavored Tabasco sauce at all times!

Hands down the best Chipotle in Vegas. Go here to satisfy those hunger pangs and Chipotle cravings.
This is one of my favorite places for lunch or dinner.  Every time I visit Las Vegas I make a stop here for the burrito.  I usually order the steak burrito with brown rice, veggies, black beans, cheese, lettuce, and salsa.  Service is fast as they make your order like a cafeteria style.  This location is not that busy so there usually isn't a line and there is a lot of free parking.  Come hungry because the burritos are huge.
I always go to this place when I feel fat :) so salad day today again !!!!
Love this place. I love that they put some bacon in the pinto beans. At first it grossed me out because I don't eat pork but wow, best pinto beans around. I usually get a high protein and veggie bowl for an on the go meal or when I feel like being bad. Been coming here for years. Will continue. 4 stars and not 5 because its the only Mexican restaurant that doesn't include chips!! They charge like 2-3 bucks which is kind of a rip off.  Otherwise very fair pricing.
This is the best Mexican food ever! I eat it at least once a week.

Love the barbacoa bowl & tacos!!! Everything is delicious especially the guacamole with the lemony & salty tortilla chips. Very very very good!!!
As always - very inconsistent. 

However ...

friendly staff - and food is usually very good.

Never busy.
"Oh my no!"  Is what I would say if someone were to ask me if they should eat at this Chipotle.  I came here and was hugely disappointed when all the meat I tried was dry, bland, and looked old.  When I mentioned to the line staff that the meat they're offering can only be compared to expired cat food, I was given a look as though I had no right to judge.  When I asked when will the items will be thrown away and replaced with freshly cooked meat, I was told it had to be sold first.  In the long history between Chipotle and I, I have never experienced such disregard for quality.  Shame!
I order a steak burrito with beans and rice and I got a rice and beans burrito with a bit of steak

Taste is good

Service is great
Was looking forward to grabbing a healthy meal here after hearing about it from many people. Got a big sack of beans and rice with some chicken in my burrito. Was tough to eat it cleanly, it just kind of fell apart. Flavor was okay but not very special at all. For the price I think the value is too low for decent Mexican food. The staff at this location was very friendly and helpful so that is good.
I can find no good reason to go back to Chipotle again.
Service was awful, line was slow and really out of order. Ordered a
Chicken Burrito, pretty blah if you ask me. Medium hot sauce was awful! Like sludge!!! Couldn't even eat it, plus it wasn't spicy at all it was sour?!! I'll never return to this location.
You can't go wrong at chipotles!!! It has something for everyone from burritos to bowls to salad to  margaritas.  

 This location is support convenient Right across the street from work.  It's super fast service.  Food is always omg fresh!   It is for real an orgasm  in your mouth that you crave over and over again! !!!
When I came here the other day, it was as If all the employees were stoned.  Haha. Seriously. They were out of chicken, steak and salsa. There were no small drink cups ready. There were no clean trays ready for in-store dining. The cashier forgot to ring me up for a drink (because there were no cups). She forgot to grab a bag of chips I had paid for. She asked me 3 times which beer I wanted. 3 times, apologizing saying she forgot. 

Yikes. There was only 2 people in front of me and my friend and it took us (not exaggerating) 18 minutes to get through the line and to the table.
I agree with a lot of the recent reviews, service is lacking at this store.  Went in on a Monday night around 8pm.  First, the brown rice was not ready ... had to wait approx. 5 mins.  Second, they were completely out of pico de gallo.  So for $7.10, my bowl looked pretty skimpy.  I've noticed the amount served varies greatly from one Chipotle store to the next.  I will be skipping this store next time.
I'm not a big fan of this style cuisine, but I've always heard this is the Mexican subway. I love subway so I figured I'd give this a try. It can be a bit pricey, however I always get a burrito and they feel it so full that they can barely wrap it in the tin foil and everything is always so delicious and fresh. I only took a star off because I ordered an alcoholic beverage once and it was about $8 and came in a much tinier glass than I expected. That has been my only complaint.
This has to be one of the busiest Chipotles in the whole world! Unless you have 20+ minutes to wait, avoid this palce during the lunch rush. It is usually safe to visit after 2pm. 

The staff is very friendly/quick and the food is always fresh.
Very good food. I was told by a coworker to try their steak burrito and was surprisded how much I enjoyed it.
The line was long but it was well worth it.
First, a positive note. They have significantly reduced the drive thru time, which used to be incredibly long. The food itself is fine in taste, but they need to appreciate the importance of attractive food presentation. I go there because of the boxed meal. It packs a good portion of food in a small, reasonably priced area. I love a box! The Taco Bell Big Box Meal, the Taco Bell Volcano Box Meal...it doesn't have to just be Taco Bell - Long John Silvers Snack Box, the KFC Guitar Hero Box... chances are, if its a box, I am going to eat it. So imagine my disappointment when the box meal comes in a bag. The server indicated they were out of boxes. This isn't the first time I have ordered from this location and went home box-less. It should be a simple analysis of sales, projection of sustainable demand and the appropriate number of boxes ordered. How difficult is that? Even worse, I get home with my Volcano Bag Meal and the volcano taco is busted in three places. It is more or less a volcano taco salad. The second taco was a regular taco and it was broken along the bottom - so one bite and the contents were on the paper. What are they doing back there with the tacos?  The cinnamon twists were fine and so was the volcano burrito - then again its more difficult to break a burrito...So Taco Bell, let's get the presentation down. If you are going to advertise a box, give me a box.
Only been here once due to hunger desperation.  The employees appeared distant and uncaring.  They might have had a bad day earlier, I couldn't tell, but it's called "customer service" for a reason.  Don't complain about a customer right in front of people standing in line; it's rude, unprofessional, and upsetting.

They get two stars for having the 5 layer cheesy beefy sour creamy burrito thingy....but every taco bell has that.
Not bad overall, but it's definitely hit or miss on the employees level of apathy. The drive thru closes earlier than most Taco Bells for some reason.
Clean, fas,t Americanize Mexican food. Always a good choice at 12 AM when a nothing better is around.
This is close to home, so we find ourselves here often. 

We make special requests on our orders all the time - and they have never messed it up! We are consistently impressed with all of the employees friendliness at the drive through. Best Taco Bell we have ever been to (and we have been to a lot!)
Zero stars if possible. Went there and saw 5 cars in the drive thru, decided to go in and order. 5 employees working, all focused on drive thru, no one acknowledged us for 5 minutes as I timed it. Ordered a Mountain Dew Slush and no one had replenished the mix, employee seemed bothered that they had to refill machine. Whole thing took 10 minutes and still no drink. Cancelled my 1 drink order, manager on duty had no clue what to do or say. Will never be back.
Good experience this visit with very friendly employees. Makes all the difference. Food was warm and tasty.
This Chipotle is my favorite location, which is great because it's super close to my job! The employees are friendly and don't cut corners on your portions! Good food, great service and near by...could I ask for more? Nope :)
Boo on you! 

I think Chipotle has just gone down hill. You know what Chipotle feels like to me? Pop culture...they coax you in with great deals, giving you as much food as you want, no complaints they have a "it's all about the customer" feel...they start to take over in popularity, everyone loves them, raves about them: they're healthy, they use organic ingredients, they are such big burritos!...but then a shift starts to take place...employees start to cut back on the good offers, not all stores, but some started to hesitate when you ask for more meat/beans, they bang the spoon a few more times to get just a little more beans or meat off....and then BAM! You're getting charged close to $2 extra for 4 more pieces of meat!! The extra charge for meat isn't even listed on the menu (but they do list the extra charge for their sucky guacamole). 

In short, they took a great idea, watered it down, inflated the prices, and made their bottom line more important than customer satisfaction. 

Piss on you Chipotle and everything like you.
Unlike one of the reviewers who had so many negative things to say, I think Chipotle's portions are indeed huge and extremely generous. I love the customer service I receive everytime I come here. The staff is always very sweet, upbeat, and fun!

Chipotle is by far my favorite place to eat because they are organic. Food with Integrity indeed. 

As far as extra servings, I've never been charged extra for anything. Perhaps that's because I treat people with respect while some might bark out demands. Either way, Chipotle is awesome... and their guac kicks major ass!

Hooray for yummy chicken salads with pico!!
Chipotle is very good...very similar to Qdoba.  Their burritos are huge and flavorful!!  I don't go here frequently but I would definitely recommend visiting if you haven't been before!!
Not a bad spot for some quick southwestern food!  I got the carnitas burrito with lime-Cilantro rice, pinto beans and the rest of the fixings and it was very good!  The chips and salsa are good and everything is fresh! I really like that their meats don't have any antibiotics or hormones! You get a lot for your money.
i love chipotle. i love that when i go here my most difficult question is chicken or barbacoa? always happy with my meal. 

with that said...

talk about age discrimination. they just started doing a kids meal. it comes with a small taco or quesadilla (a few other things to choose from), two sides plus chips and a drink. for some crazy $3 amount. i am very jealous of all the young people now. 

a lady in front of me tried to cheat this kid meal system and man did the people working there handle it poorly. they were clearly talking about her while she stood right there, awkwardly waiting and pretending like she didn't understand why she didn't get her sides and drink. um ya, because its a kids meal crazy lady, you're like 30, sorry you're short but you don't pass for an 11 year old. 

but ok chipotle, people. get over it. give her what she thought she was getting and let her know they cant give her a kids meal next time but they will let it slide this time. they held up the entire line while we all got to experience this awkwardness. i was embarrassed for her. i was nervous waiting in line. all i could think was 'do they need to make this so uncomfortable?' 

i say no more age discrimination, we should all be allowed to comfortably order the smaller portions. and lady in line before me- next time order by phone to go. that is the proper way to cheat the system.
I love you Chipotle. Please continue to use hormone-free, less scary  meats. Barbacoa beef is delicious.
The food may all be the same but with nearly all convenience meals it's the people that make or break how you feel about it. After all in two weeks are you going to recall what was in that burrito versus the way the staff treated you ?  

Really really well. Despite the person in front of me inquiring about the relative healthfulness of the options available he helped her out as much as it's practical without the level of annoyance/ amusement that would have had me flicking pinto beans at their nose .   Still  moving on to me, crowd came up quickly, they changed gear  into dining speed but still managed to ask about the day, t-giving and the like both the counter staff were not faking in a manner I feel certain coffee shops appear to require, cough bucks.That's why I like this, and every other ,Chipotle   it's not the food but the people.  

Burrito was pretty good and more importantly  viable to eat and drive with ( who says texting is the greatest danger out there:D ) which is a skill that most ____ Bell places can't remotely conceive of with a third of the contents.
Me & my daughter are fans! The chicken taco (crunchy) is just the best. With all the veggies mixed in, it even feels healthy. This particular location is always pretty crowded. They sure are popular.

This is my second choice for Mexican, after Macayo's. Although they really aren't comparable... with one being a fast food place and the other, a sit down restaurant. 

Garduno's used to be one of my favorites for Mexican. But now they've been taken over by new management, the name has changed too. And the food is just not worth the drive. They still have the Mariachi's which is the only reason I'd go.
I love burritos & air conditioning! Always Awesome.
So I wanted something quick, fresh and economically savy for lunch today and decided on Chipotle even though it is a chain.  I have found a new lunch spot to add to my list!  I had the chicken bowl fajita style, the chicken was really juicy, the peppers and onions crunchy.  The sala fresco was fresh and the pinto and black beans were the perfect consistency.  For a little over $6 I have enough food to feed me for 2 meals.  The place was very clean and the staff was very friendly.  The only thing I would change is to offer brown rice as well as white, but I will definately be back.
I like Chipotle because they have great vegetarian options, but this one is an exception. I have been here twice and both times were a less than satisfactory experience. I feel that they skimp on the ingredients. I get far more food at other Chipotles than I do this one. For example, the one at Chandler mall always leaves me feeling well fed. The people are nice enough, but there is a sense that they what you to be in and out as quickly as possible that turns me off. I don't understand why this location got so many good reviews.
I LOVE Chipotle! It's super convenient and it's good! I recently watched on Oprah episode that featured the CEO. I loved how they use all natural indregients and they use local farmers to provide produce to their stores supporting the local economies of where they operate. How cool is that!
Average food for an average price.  Nothing great and even though they do have vegetarian options their food hits me hard after a few hours.  I need to remind myself of this fact before thinking, "Chipotle is right there, let's get some".  No.
Nom nom. I have yet to meet a Chipotle that I didn't like. This location is quick, clean, and the people are nice.

Food is standard to all Chipotles.
Whenever I'm having a bad day, I go to Chipotle, get a steak burrito, and eat the whole thing.  And it makes me feel so much better.
I LOVE this place!  I could eat here every day!  I never have any problems getting in and ordering.  The staff are very nice and friendly.  My favorite dish is the chicken bowl and chips.  I love Chipotle's "Food with Integrity" motto.  Chipotle isn't just good for me but good towards the animals and the environment!
Is every Chipotle the same? Is every prom date the same? NO!

This location is fantastic. The staff is fast, the food is fresh, and the restaurant is kept clean. 

I've never been disappointed. 

I'm not going to get into the nuances of what makes for a great meal at Chipotle, because they are quite prominent around town. The menu is simple, and you can pretty much order whatever you want, as long as they have the ingredients.

My only piece of advice for you is, when you walk in, turn left to get in line. Don't be a jackass like me and turn right. You'll see what I mean when you get there...
1. The tomatillo red is the absolute best. I could eat it on anything.

2. They have a great app for your phone. It stores your favorite order, your card # (if you want), and you just click, send the order, walk in, laugh at everyone waiting in line, and get your food.
I was so happy when this place opened up a couple years ago because it meant I had another option that is within walking distance of the office where I can eat lunch for less than $10.  There aren't many in this part of town, let me tell you.  I haven't been in a while since I have been watching my calorie intake.  I know, I know I can get the "bowl" (salad) option.  But I really don't have enough willpower to go in there and not get a burrito or crunchy tacos.  Plus, I have to walk right past Sprinkles cupcakes and that is just torture.
I'm updating because I'm now vegetarian. It's a rediscovery of my usual restaurants, when selection is reduced. The vegetarian burrito is still good. I think because everything is fresh, it doesn't have to rely on meat to make it have flavor. I love the hot salsa with the smoky flavor. I was still satisfied after eating a burrito with no meat.
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it right now. I'm going to review Chipotle. Are you wondering why I'm reviewing a spot that is practically common knowledge to most people out there? Well, I figured that there's got to be just one person who looks on Yelp and who doesn't know about Chipotle. So for that one person, here is my review. 

Once you've seen one Chipotle, you've seen them all. Similar to most chains out there, each Chipotle mirrors the next. It's the same food, the same service and the same experience. In Chipotle's case, this is a good thing because I know what I'm getting when I step through those doors. Chipotle kept me fed in college and it continues to feed me when I'm on the go and need some food quickly. It's a couple steps above drive-through and the ingredients are always fresh. You can even go healthy (kind of ) if you scratch the tortillas, avoid the sour cream and chips and focus on the proteins and veggies. 

Now for the one person out there who has never had Chipotle, the system is "cafeteria-style" where you first choose the type of meal (burrito, bowl or tacos), then you go down the line and pick your meat and toppings. It's pretty basic. I'm kind of the Chipotle weirdo of the bunch because I'm not a fan of their burritos. They are the size of a mini van and just too much for me. I'm also not a fan of the beans and rice at Chipotle. Like I said, I'm a weirdo. I typically opt for either the soft tacos or the bowl and choose chicken, add peppers/onions, add the pico and medium salsa, corn, lettuce and I can't keep myself from adding guacamole. 

I suggest Chipotle when you're feeling lazy, you're hungry and you want some solid and decent. You won't get mind blowing, but you'll leave full and satisfied. *** You'll also be need of a mint or gum stat.
I love Chipotle but I'm giving them five stars not on their food but on their service! I went there a few days ago and the guy checking us out was so nice and helpful! He was very friendly and even though they were busy ( it was lunch time so everyone was there) i didn't feel like he was rushing me out the door just very friendly. :) I love seeing good service I think that is big thing a lot of businesses miss! so props to Chipotle ! :)
The Barbacoa is the BEST! Each salsa is fantastic- unique and flavorful! I personally find each location to be "stingy" with the meat... Peppers and onions is a nice bonus! Also enjoy the quality meat! Chipotle leaves me full and satisfied!
Chipotle is no secret place, but maybe I can still give my 2-cents worth and readers may still find it worthwhile. I go to this particular Chipotle during my lunchtime half-hour during those days I don't bring my lunch which for me is few and far between. Chipotle in general is great because it can be healthy fastfood eating. It's healthy depending on what combination you put together. One of the great things about Chipotle is they aim for ingredients grown within 100 miles; warning - that doesn't necessarily mean ALL of their ingredients are fresh. They also aim towards making their newer facilities "Green".

My particular experience with this location has been great overall. First of all, it's really awesome that I can pay for pick-up on their website and select the time that I would like to pick up; second, it's really awesome that I can go straight to the counter to pick up. I always order the same thing: chicken bowl with veggies, no rice, no sour cream, black beans, mild or hot salsa, cheese, and avocado, which is about a buck or two extra. My tip here is when ordering online, you may want to specify you would like your bowl filled up because on two different occassions they fed me like I was ordering a side. I finally learded my lesson.
I'm taking a long break from this location. I've been here 3 times...the last 2 visits I've had issues. Once, I ordered 3 carnitas soft tacos, which came w/ moldy taco shells. My last visit I ordered a carnitas burrito. My first bite included a huge piece of plastic bag (like they cut open something into the tub and let the plastic fall in w/ it).
I'll stick to my normal location for a bit.
The food is excellent ! Great price/quality, the food is always fresh!  The service is excellent !
I have written a total of 11 reviews.  2 of them are now for Chipotle.  You can't go wrong with this place.  Just go.  Please don't mention to me your obscure 'great local burrito shop' that is so much better than Chipotle.  Nobody cares.  Long live Chipotle!
Chipotle is amazing we always get the best service and food!! LONG LIVE CHIPOTLE
Great food and location. I come here all the time
Excellent Service, and even better food, i'm still amazed that they can fold these burritos, and for the money these are excellent.
Really like the service specifically.  Top quality and the food is always fresh.  Excellent location as well.
As with most chain restaurants, the main difference between different locations is the service. I love Chipotle, and it pains me to give them only 2 stars, but this location just isn't cutting it. I've been in for lunch quite a few times, and it's usually fine. My main complaint is with the phone, online, or fax orders. 

The first time, I placed my order from my iPhone, and naively assumed all was well. I showed up to pick up my order, and the girl explained that their system was broken, and it didn't send my order. She said "this is all it printed" and held up a sheet of paper with my name and phone number on it. Okay, now I completely understand that my order was supposed to be on the piece of paper, but why didn't you just call? I would have been more than happy to repeat my order over the phone 45 minutes ago, so that it was ready when I got there, rather than standing here 5 minutes past my order time repeating it.

One time occurrence, I thought. So, round two. I placed my order online, waited 5 minutes, then called to ensure they received my order. They confirmed my order and the time, and assured me it would be ready. I arrive at my scheduled pick up time, say my name, and they go to check on my order. A moment later, they return, "it will just be a moment". I wait, and wait. I glance toward the back area, and it looks like they are making my order. I wait, and wait. And wait some more. Finally, they come out and hand me my bag, with a "Sorry for the SHORT wait" (they didn't emphasize SHORT, but I am). I glance at my clock, and I am now 17 minutes past my pick-up time. 17 minutes!!!! Meanwhile, the people who walked in the door behind me and went through the line are sitting down, halfway done with their meal. What was the point of ordering beforehand?

Will I go back to this Chiptole? Probably. But I'll only do it when I have plenty of time, and I definitely won't be pre-ordering.
Chipotle is a sure thing, and this location is very good at getting a long line of people moved through the line quickly.  Not a ton of seating, but a lot of the customers are getting their orders to-go anyway.
Now I really like chipotles. However everytime I go to this location they have a organic chicken outage. I know that sounds lame but I really can tell the difference. Other than that no complaint.
This is a great Chipolte.  Perfect location---across the street from Fashion Square.  The staff is always helpful and friendly.  The food/toppings are always fresh and tasty!
Let's be honest. Who doesn't love Chipotle. No matter if it's a steak quesadilla, a salad bowl, or hard shell tacos- if you're in the mood for Chipotle, nothing else is satisfactory. 

This location is always super busy, and the staff is 50/50 on whether or not they are on the ball, but yesterday I went in and their credit card machine was down, and they were super helpful. They gave us all our meals for free! I mean, no complaints.
Great chipotle spot. Always clean and quick!!
Had an amateur roller today. The veggie burrito is made big and I messed up the rolling process by getting mas rice, light beans and the roller could not handle the switch. It was knife and fork city upon my return home. Guacamole is still great and really makes the burrito slightly above average. Chicken is poor quality and not white meat and beef looked bad this visit (once every 6 months). Did you know that this month is the chain's 20th birthday and the first one was in Denver, CO. Felt very safe as 8 cops were also eating dinner as I was getting to go order. Line moved fast, but if you want chicken, try cafe Rio, much better.
I've had Drs. appointments just north of this location for 2 weeks now.  When I'm done I always stop by for my two sides of Chicken.  I can't get over how FAST their line moves especially during the lunch rush.  
I DO WANT TO COMMEND the cashier Laura.  She is so friendly and she's the perfect person to have standing at the counter as you're leaving this establishment.  Thank you Laura for being so thoughtful, kind & always giving others your SMILE.
I LOVE Chipotle. I'd give most Chipotles at least 4 stars (probably five).

Food-wise this Chipotle is no different than any other location (solid & 5-star worthy).

However, I've been to this location one time. In addition to my burrito bowl & mom's 3 soft tacos we ordered chips and salsa. Got home, opened the bag, no chips & salsa (granted, I probably should have paid attention to make sure they were placed in the bag...they were on the receipt). First impressions are everything, and this oversight left me cold to this Chipotle :(
love this place - great lunch place - quick in and out with quality/healthy food
I probably come to this Chipotle at least every other week! The staff is very friendly and I always leave happy!!
I could eat here every day!

So what's not to love?  I've tried the competitor and it was just missing something...probably that unique Chipotle flavor.  

I've been doing my taxes lately and so I've been reviewing all of my receipts for quick meals.  When I see that I've spent more money on a fast-food meal than I did on a very satisfying Chipotle meal, I want to kick myself for ever having strayed!  

Consistent, delicious, filling, healthy (if done right) and CHEAP!  What's not to love...right?
Sean V and Ashton helped us today and they were great!  Sean totally understood our food allergies and was clearly well trained on how to handle them. He has a great attitude which made the experience so nice for us. Ashton was super friendly and sweet.  And, of course, the food was great as usual. You have done it again, Chiptole!!! Thank you!!
I have given Chipotle 3 chances now and I am done. The food has so much salt and that is all I can taste! I also have never had food over luke warm here. I really don't like it when my food isn't nice and hot. This place is just not for me sadly. The restaurants are always clean and the people are nice but I just can't get over the taste like someone dropped a salt shaker in my food!
The ambience is warm, friendly, and very inviting. The team has high energy, are very hospitable, and they are infectiously enthusiastic! The food is very fresh and prepared with the best ingredients from the best sources. My favorite is the bowl with white cilantro lime rice, pinto beans, grilled peppers & onions, grilled chicken, and medium corn salsa with a side of guacamole!
I love this particular Chipotle and the staff.  They never disappoint and are always positive!  I live and work far away and come to this location because it taste better and I absolutely love the people who work here!
Good food although I think there must be preservatives in some things. The flavor is good and I like the short menu.
Outstanding service, food quality, portions & speed. The employees are excellent!
The food is delicious and a great price, however this review is in regards to how I witnessed employees treating what appeared to be a new trainee. I felt uncomfortable as a patron because a redheaded seasoned employee was barking orders at the new trainee and proceeded to make fun of her with the a tall, slender, brunette cashier. It is upsetting that such unprofessional treatment of employees is tolerated, maybe she is a new employee and a little slow and doesn't get it, but there is no excuse for humiliating her in such a way.
This is the last of my visits to this location.  3 strikes and you are out.  Especially when its 0-3.  Since Chipotles inception, I have always had good experiences at all the locations I go to.  The only complaint I ever had was that it may have been too busy, but thats a good thing.  This location across from Scottsdale Fashion Mall is (To me) a horrible example.  95% of this is attributed to the staff there.2 out of 3 times Ive been there, they didnt have any Chicken at lunch time.  I can see once, but twice?  And then I was told 20minutes before it would be ready.  They didnt see that they were getting low and have it started.  Each time Im dealing with the staff on the line, they are inattentive at best.  No beans, they start to put beans on.  Ask for Fajita, they pass it by so I ask again.  Light Hot sauce, nahhhhh how bout a huge spoonful.  Light SC, nope..you want a giant glob of it.  Today I saw 8 people working.  somehow 1 of those 8 was making orders alone. (this is at 115 pm).  Finally as hes making mine some backup arrives.  Well at least I thought so...and then he leaves to take out trash with my poor burrito sitting in front of the cheese, incomplete.  He said someone finish that.  after 2min someone finally got some gloves on to finish it up and they instantly rolled it without asking me if it was done.  It wasnt.  So they unrolled it, made a gdamn disaster of it to finish it.  Guess what, it fell into 3 pieces when I took it out of the foil because of the gallon of hot sauce on it, and the re-roll.  Oh, how delicious, the fajitas were black/burnt too.  yum.





I love Chipotle. The reason for the 2 stars is because of the staff. They seemed unorganized, inefficient, and unprofessional. Most of the other locations are very efficient and organized, especial around a busy lunch time. Before starting down the line, I saw 2 containers we empty (veggies & cheese). When it was my turn I had to wait about 5 minutes for them to make veggies. Normally, when you see an item getting low, it is being prepared and then placed in a clean new container. They were preparing the veggies and then poured them in the old container that had been empty in the filling station. Then one check out it seemed the person asking what else you'd like had to told a few times what you wanted because he seemed kind of spacey and not there. Overall, my first uneasy and weird at a Chipotle.
Quick Review: Good food, good drinks, big TV's, open 24 hours.  What more can you ask for?  Oh, don't forget the corn bread muffins.

No reviews yet?  Well, I'll start.  Road Runner's is actually several different restaurant operating under the same roof.  During the day, it's a casual family restaurant, serving western-themed American fare at moderate prices.  During weekends, it's a sports bar.  After 10 pm, it's a lounge populated primarily by twenty-somethings and the occasional video poker player.  Despite its identity crisis, it does all of these things pretty damn well.  The food is very, very good.  The complimentary corn bread muffins that they serve during dinner are so good they could probably charge for them (but I hope they never do).  The BBQ Tri Tips are my personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.

The late night menu is more limited.  It's your typical bar food - burgers, nachos, quesidillas, but it also includes breakfast.  Speaking of late night, the crowd can be very unpredictable at Road Runner's after 10 pm.  You never quite know who's going to show up.  It can be hotel employees, slackers, rockers, punkers, emo's, jocks, frat boys, preppies, losers, winners, Jets, Sharks.  I've pretty much seen them all there.  You can go to Roadrunner's for almost any occasion and come out pretty satisfied.

Update: Downgraded from 4 stars to 3 stars.  Not sure what's going on with Road Runner.  The quality of their food has definitely dipped in the past year or two.  It's definitely not as tasty as before.
I love coming here for a late night snack... carna asada flatbread & a stella~!I love the Western theme...they didsuch a good job! The outside patio w/ fire and a swing is quite romantic too (^^) 

+one lane bowling
+pool table
the atmosphere was very cool, western with lots of big screen tv's & 2 bars. the place was kinda dead for halloween night. the server was very nice and fast. the fries were great-crispy & flavorful. the hamburger was juicy and very tasty. the turkey melt was very spicy with loads of turkey. the beef dip was huge with lots of very good roast beef but not alot of au jus for dipping. overall it was very good i would recommend it. next time we will have to dine in when we are not in such a hurry
We'll give a place a few chances especially since this one looks fun but after 3 strikes, they're out.
The food is barely bar food quality. Disappointed everytime.
I guess it depends on the bartender and I hate it when they count drinks while you're playing. I didn't have a chance to even put in another $20 for my 2nd draft beer. I was playing $1 hands but not max bet. She offered me the beer and then said she would put it on my tab. We walked out. 
We play alot, order food, and tip well if it's a place where we are welcomed. If an establishment wants to lose a customer over a draft beer, they won't be in business long.
We should have known something was wrong when we were the only ones there on a friday afternoon.
This place has a cowboy/western theme. We sat at a booth with a rough cowhide leather. It was kind of gross, because it was almost like touching the real thing,. We ordered chicken fingers, mac and cheese, and nachos. The nachos were a bit stale and weren't very good. The french dip looked good, the calzone was humongous, with spinach and cheese inside. And the country fried steak was just ok. it came with a side of roasted whole corn. The place has a pool table, poker table, and one of those bowling simulators.
This was our third time at Roadrunner.Once again, the service was slow and inattentive and the food was sub-par, even for a bar. Coming from a place that touts itself as a quality dining establishment, I was so under whelmed we sent back our food and left. Keep in mind that this is a huge place, and there was only our table and one other, so the 'staffing issues' couldn't really come into play unless the waitress was also cooking the food in the back. Not a bad place for a drink if you're at the bar, but I would stay away if you want to hang out with friends and relax..
Bar food that's not that bad.  
Roaring fire, overly sweet drinks, huge desserts.  

My Aunt brought a friend of hers and her friend's Grandson here.  

If you're looking for a spacious place with dim lights to play pool, darts, and throw back a few beers in the neighborhood this isn't a bad spot. The waitress was a bit slow, but very nice.  

If you happened to drink too much in this place the food wouldn't be bad if you had no other choice than to eat.  My uncle had the pulled pork sandwich, my Aunt had their potato soup, the youngin' had a full rack of ribs, and I think I saw some sliders on another plate.  The brownie Sunday was warm and delicious!

Date Rating: 3
Pick up Scale: N/A almost empty when we came here at 6 pm.  A party of 13 came in as we were leaving.

Strong Suggestion: Put on your fun hat and come in with a smile!
As compared to my experience of the Roadrunner on Pebble - this one was far worse - food quality and preparation was very poor, service was slow and inattentive, on a fairly slow weekend day nonetheless.

Cannot recommend.
Sometimes this place rocks, sometimes it rolls.  I think there may be some turnover with the Chefs...maybe.  Not sure, purely speculative.  

My last visit was with friends visiting from SJ, CA after a 3.5 hour trek up and down Turtle Head Peak at Red Rock.  We were very casually dressed, tired, thirsty and hungry.  The UW Huskies were playing on one of the big screens (go DAWGS!!)...the Hostess tolerated my sense of humor, we got a booth with little wait, the Waitress was really helpful with suggestions and handled our group of 6 really well.  

The menu was filled with a lot of new items since my previous visit.  Gone was the cream corn though.  Very sad.  I'm sure my cardiologist is glad it's off the menu.  I had a really good burger with their SW Sauce.  Creamy, spicy and perfect as a Mayo substitute.  Rave reviews from everyone at the tables, the glasses stayed full and everyone was satisfied and happy.

The bar scene looked like a lot of fun.  Pool table, bowling lane, darts, etc...lots of booths, bar stools and loungy couches with coffee tables. Several big screens for sports.  Also, the outside has fire pits, so could be cozy during springtime and fall.

Good chow, clean men's restroom, plenty of parking, nice staff, and manager.  

Chow!
Yee Haw! I popped into this place with a couple friends when we said "The basketball games are over, we are full, where to next?" 

The Roadrunner is pretty cool. From the outside it just looks like a barn. I've driven by several times, and being new to town, I quickly judged this place and thought it looked a little lame.

But once I popped in, I saw they had some great happy hour beer specials, particularly for the late night crowd. 

Since I am on sobriety, I ordered a club soda and upon leaving, found out that it costs almost as much as a cocktail. REALLY? A Club Soda? WTF!? It should be free...or a dollar at most. Lost a star for that.

They have a mini-bowling alley, which is also fun. 

The food looked decent although we didn't partake. 

The booths are a bit creepy because they are lined with cowskin. They tend to poke you in the back, but some of  you guys might be in to that :)

Hmm....what else? Well, one last thing. The bathrooms were clean. This is a major plus.

Ok, that's it. Come here. Yadda Yadda Yadda. It's not bad. Not great, but not bad.
Always had a good time here!

Great happy hour, and never really too crowded.  Not necessarily a place to meet people, but a place you should definitely choose if you just want to grab a bite and have a few drinks with some friends!  I've tried almost everything on the menu, and never regretted a choice!

Plenty of things to entertain a party, with the mini-bowling in the back, pool table, and the always awesome Golden Tee!

Sometime service can run a little slow on weekday afternoons, but unless you're in a hurry or dying of starvation, its nothing really worth complaining about.
Taste like home-cooked American food. Food is great but service might not be the greatest... Try the beef tips with mash potatoes and broccoli or the braised pot roast. All salads are good and sandwiches also... French fries are addicting...
One of my responsibilities at work was to help plan a small holiday party for some of the employees. I got quotes from a few places, Roadrunner Saloon is who my boss ultimately decided to go with. Since we had to put down a deposit for the party, we decided to eat there for lunch when we dropped off the check. 

Roadrunner Saloon is a western themed cowboy bar.... No big surprise there. I like how divided the space is... there is a nice patio when you walk in, an eating area with both booths and tables, and then a bar area with more seating options and even a couple bowling lanes! We didn't do any bowling on my first visit but perhaps during the party I will?

There was no hostess when we arrived, just a sign that said to seat yourself so we picked a booth in the eating area. Menus were brought out promptly, service slowed down a tad after that but I don't think anyone was working other then our waiter and the manager and it was never an excessive wait. 

When I was looking over the menu the baked potato soup jumped out at me, I wanted to try it but wanted something else as well. Our waiter let me substitute the fries that came with the turkey melt I was ordering for a cup of the soup for a small up-charge... I appreciate his willingness to work with me. 

Our group split the spinach dip to start, it was good but I have had better. The soup was a bit bland and my melt was a little greasier then I'd like but the avocado that came on it was great.

Overall it was a decent lunch experience. Nothing too exceptional, but nothing bothersome either
Returned to the Roadrunner after a long time away over the weekend.  If there is a symbolic bar of my late 20's, this one fits the bill...and it's still open which is rare.

Back in the day 4 stars easily, and the experience this past Friday night was great, I just think (like others) that they need to step up their game and update the place.  Get some decent LCDs and update the cowboy decor, nothing wrong with country but after a while even the cows go out to pasture.

Open patio is solid and the bartenders were friendly and entertaining.  And the beer selection still has a nice variety.  It was also nice to have the premium drafts comped after throwing some money at the machines without limiting it to certain taps.

It was pretty dead for a friday night but it worked out great for a nice time with a friend and grabbing a beer, much more relaxed feel than BJs where we hopped from earlier in the night.
I'm actually really surprised with this place. You can seat yourself in the bar area, and out of all the times that I've been there, it's taken awhile for the staff to acknowledge you, but the atmosphere makes up for it. Its a really relaxed place whose decor just keeps your eyes wandering. They have cowhide upholstery on some of their seating in the bar area. Haha. It's pretty funny, and definitely ironic. They have billiards, video poker, some video games and even virtual bowling in their bar area. The outside patio seems relaxing as well with seating around some bonfires and wooden swings. Seems like a really great place to spend some summer nights with a cold drink. For appetizers, their macaroni and cheese is REALLY cheesy. Definitely something that needs to be shared. I've tried their steak, which is delicious. You can also add a lobster tail for $10. The lobster tail was a little over cooked, but overall I was pretty satisfied with the main course. For desert, you definitely need to try their mini donuts which are covered in cinnamon and sugar with a caramel dip. I hear that their making new changes to their menu. Which definitely is a reason for us to return to this place.
I have passed by this place so many times over the past year and it has never ceased to catch my eye. It's located by itself off to the side of the freeway and I have been meaning to stop by for a while now. 

I was finally able to come here with my boyfriend one day for lunch when we were in the area. We parked, walked inside, walked down the short hallway, and were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us down at a comfy booth in the middle of the restaurant. The place was pretty empty, but I preferred it that way because it made the ambiance perfect for a nice lunch date with my boyfriend. 

I couldn't help but marve at all the awesome decor. They really went all out on the western theme. There were cow skin chairs, stars, cowboy hats, cowboy boots, leather, dark colors, bold patterns, lanterns, and cactus. To be honest, I don't normally like western themes, but they made it very modern, mellow, and cool here. 

We opted for the smoked bee brisket (house-made barbecue sauce, smashed chipotle potatoes and grilled corn on the cob) with a side of spinach and the blackened salmon fillet (rice pilaf, grilled vegetables and sweet corn-black bean succotash). 

While we were waiting for our food, we were brought a basket of mini cornbread muffins and butter. They were soo good! They had a light, crispy outer layer and a soft, warm inside. It was perfect with the butter!

Our food came and it looked very appetizing. My salmon was presented very nicely atop a bed of rice pilaf with succotash poured on top. Both plates were delicious! I loved my boyfriend's brisket. It was so tender and juicy and the housemade sauce was the perfect compliment.  We ended up trading halfway through our meals so we could both enjoy each dish. 

I'd love to come back here again. Either for another lunch date, to try out the bowling lanes, or just for a drink. It's a very chill environment and the staff is friendly.
I've been here a couple of times for drinks with friends and it was a good choice.  It's a nice, dark, western-themed bar close to my house.  Drinks weren't outrageous and service was good the handful of times I came here for drinks.

However,  I made the mistake of trying to have breakfast here one Sunday morning (I heard they had good breakfast!) and sat at a table for 10 minutes without ever being greeted.  Finally, my friend and I left and went to Denny's.  I'm willing to give breakfast at Roadrunner another chance, but be warned: Don't try breakfast here if you're in a hurry.
Ive been here a couple times. I think the drinks are too expensive for a neighborhood bar. . . Food is decent nothing special but not bad. . . Service is always really friendly if not always prompt and on point.
I've been going to this Cowboy Western themed Roadrunner Saloon for about 5 years. This is one of those places that I seem to visit in streaks then stay away for awhile. This location is famous, at least from my observation, for very high employee turnover. When I see this then I know that its actually a management problem. In fact, the issues that send me away from here is usually some new management idea change that in my opinion sucks. The one thing that keeps me coming back despite my frustrations is that I do enjoy most of their food. 

So I stopped by here for lunch today around 2:30pm. I'm guessing that who ever is the current manager might be reading some of the reviews here on Yelp. Over the years the service has varied greatly at this location. However on this day, the service was great. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who took us to our table then went to get our waiter. This is in contrast to some of my past experiences. I've been sat at a table in the past then the hostess took off back to her station without ever informing the server that a party has been seated. I tend to pick off beat hours when things are slow so not informing a server can be an issue. I'm glad she took the time to do this because I was actually in somewhat of a hurry today. The server promptly came over took our drink orders. He quickly came back with the drinks then took our lunch order. I ordered the Texas Dip which is made with sliced top sirlion, jack cheese, creamy horseradish sauce served with a side of Au Jus and french fries. The sandwich was delicious! The Au Jus usually comes very salty to me however their version wasn't as salty so I did dip my sandwich into the au jus a few times. The fries to me were terrible. I had 2-3 then left the rest. They were some kind of terrible fancy cut frozen fries. If management does read this then please take a drive over to Whiskey Dick's and order their french fries. That's how french fries are suppose to be made. Homemade, fresh & delicious! I'd gladly pay a little more to have great fries. 


Just a little warning if you go for late night dinner. This happened about 2 years ago. I'm not sure if this is still the rule here. I won't be going back for late dinners to find out either. However in the past they sent their servers home early no matter how many customers may be seated at the tables. I had gone here many times for late night beers and food. So this change was a little surprising and frustrating. This is one of those changes that sent me away from here for awhile. We went in one night around 11:00pm to have some beers and grab some food at a table in the bar section. After about 10 minutes, the manager getting off duty stopped by to let us know they had just sent home the last server and that we would have to go to the bar to order food. I was like really? Why would you do that? There are a lot people sitting at the tables. I counted over 25 customers sitting at the tables at that moment. I asked the manager why? Can't you make money with this many customers sitting at your tables? Heck, I know our bill typically runs $50-60 alone. They did not seem to care that the place was busy. I told the manager that we would rather take our business that night to another establishment that is focused on keeping customers happy rather than saving $20-30 in employee costs. Heck, if I was managing this place I would have stayed myself and served all these tables until it slowed down.
When I first moved to Las Vegas My sister (Nikki H.) took me here for dinner. 

OMG this place is freaking awesome!!! its like old western cowboy themed. They have great decorations large bar, huge sofas a small mini bowling alley and there booths are sooo comfy. 

Service is great at this restaurant and the servers are so friendly and nice! 

Food is amazing! 
I always always always order there Chicken Fried Steak... Its just so mouth watering and extremely delicious. It is buttermilk battered and the steak sauce is very rich and creamy I have to order more sauce on the side because is so good, the steak also comes with mashed potatoes and grilled chipotle corn also delicious. I also order the Baked Potato Soup very good i love it mmm the bacon and cheese is just an extra delicious touch. 

There food is good quality and delicious, and they give huge portions. 

If you like a filling quality meal this is a must try restaurant
A slice of Southern awesomeness in a desert oasis! This is a big ol' barn style restaurant filled with a sea of comfortable looking chairs in beautiful, vivid colors. We started off at the bar for an early happy hour drink and the bartender was so kind and fun. After ordering a few appetizers we decided to move over to one of the many tables. 

What can I say about the baked Mac & Cheese but Yum! It was crispy on the outside and perfectly cheesy on the inside. We also had the fried pickles, which I just had to try. They were tasty served with a tangy sauce. All in all this is a great spot in Vegas with great food, and the staff was super sweet!
I was disappointed when I initially went to the Henderson location, looking for good BBQ, only to see that they had discontinued that portion of their menu.  So I trekked all the way to this location only to find out why it wasn't very popular in the first place...

I got the cowboy plate with choice of three meats, so I wouldn't have to come back and sample anything:

1) The beef brisket was awful.  Hard and chewy.  Even though it was sliced thin, it somehow managed to resemble rubber.

2) The pork brisket tasted bad.  I don't know whether it was the sauce or the leftover pork they selected to make this.  Yuck.

3) The pork ribs were of the sparerib variety, which means it was full of meat but kind of tough and dry.  Definitely the star of the show, but I wouldn't call it the best by any stretch of the imagination.

So there we go.  Some of the worst BBQ I've tried in Vegas, and believe me, I've tried it all.  Never again.

If you do come here, stick with something simple like the wings...which still kind of taste dry, but at least they have the BBQ flavoring to them.
Paid a lot of money for bad food, won't go back


Ordered dr pepper steak tacos, meat cloyingly sweet, chewy and tough, only had one bite. Beans undercooked, rice only redeeming quality in meal. Husband ordered hamburger mac and cheese, hamburger helper tastes better.  Waitress completely uninterested in why she was removing full plates of food from our table.  42 dollars and wont be back
Great country bar! 

I love the atmosphere , probably more than any other bar in Vegas. It's very authentic and tastefully decorated. 

Unfortunately, the food I've tried hasn't been great, but I'd rather come here to drink anyway. They have reasonable prices and a few good appetizer options to soak up the booze. Everyone that works here is super friendly. 

I wish they played more country music, and I wish they had a mechanical bull! 

I will return many, many times!

ps.

The jalapeno poppers made me cry my eyes out.
I'm a bona fide southern girl and this is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The bar area is comfy with big chairs to sit in and the drink prices are amazing!  It's an excellent place to gather with friends and watch some sports.  Personally, it's also quite fabulous that they're a Longhorns bar.

I recommend bringing several people for drinks and  getting a few appetizers so you can turn your area into a small buffet while you hang out!
This review is solely on their breakfast.  I felt a solid 3 over the establishment's food until I tried their breakfast for a few weeks.  Woowee!

-  I'm never an oatmeal fan, but it has been good.
-  Biscuits are buttery and tasty
-  The potatoes that come with set breakfasts are addiction - crispy and well seasoned.

Conclusion:  Woo wee for breakfast!
Pool, Mini-bowling, Golden Tee, good value, 24 hours, cowboy stuff....


I haven't eaten at this Western-themed tavern, but for all the reasons mentioned above, it's a great spot to enjoy some drinks.  

The bar tender was attentive enough, and the staff was very friendly.  I would absolutely come back, and you should too.
Do you enjoy hanging out in kitschy, over-the-top, western theme bars with a million and one pieces of flair? Then Roadrunner Saloon is the place for you. As blatant as the motif is, it's a cool space with a large bar area in the back, a dining area with plenty of comfy booths, and a really cool enclosed patio with a fire pit and plenty of seating. The biggest negative of the atmosphere is the foul, backed up sewage drain smell as you walk in.

They had limited happy hour specials when i went -- a couple beers were only a couple bucks and a few items on their bar food list were half off. After placing our order a food runner dropped off some tasty chips and salsa. We thought they were complimentary, but as it turned out they went to the wrong table. Our waitress let us know if was a mistake but let us eat them anyway.

For dinner the wife went with sliders -- two small beef sliders with cheddar cheese, chipotle mayo, and caramelized onions. They came with crinkle cut fries. Not bad, but they won't make you forget about the slider truck any time soon. Our son had a kid's quesadilla with fries which he enjoyed. The carne asada burrito I had was stuffed with grilled New York steak, cilantro pesto rice, pinto beans, cheese and a red chile sauce. It was topped with tomatoes, cilantro and sour cream and accompanied with a side of potato salad. The steak had a smokey flavor to it with a good bit of heat as well.

According to their website, chef Matthew Silverman, a Californian who worked his way up Wolfgang Puck's organization, helped open the Roadrunner franchise along with Agave and Vintner Grill. While Roadrunner is no where near as good as Vintner Grill, it's a respectable tavern with above average bar food. Giddyup.
Pretty typical neighborhood bar for Las Vegas. The food is okay. The drink prices are okay. Service was a little slow at times plus we ordered Nachos, when they were delivered they ran away without giving us napkins, plates or forks. The Nachos with pulled pork were decent but nothing special. The decor is full on cowboy/southwest themed, it works somehow. A few pool tables and other games available to play for your amusement. The place can get busy on a weekend night, but there's lots of room, and a cool patio to get away from the crowd.
Eh food is not that great for the price you pay...expensive bar food in my opinion. However, the entertainment is so worth it. You can enjoy mini-bowling, golden tee/buck hunter, punching bag game and pool while enjoying the tunes on the jukebox. Always good times watching drunk guys compete against each other and see how hard they can hit the punching bag. If you feel like chilling and enjoying cocktails then sit the near the bar and watch tvs or enjoy their relaxing patio with fire pits.
Food. Good good food. Carne Asada pizza, excellent.
It is not so much that the food is bad, it is they don't care.  I guess if you are going to drink or for the entertainment, it might have others give it more stars.  The BBQ totally demonstrates their lack of caring.  The "manager" even asked, was told and essentially walked away.  The wife had filet, mashed and broccoli and blew her guts out all night.  Why?

Service was abysmal.  Hit and run.  And, the place was NOT busy when we were there.

I thought it was just our experience, but reading other reviews suggests such food and service is fairly typical of this place.  Would not have written a review had the manger -- or server -- given an ounce of interest..
Worst service ever. The manager took our order and then he disappeared... When the cocktail waitress came to deliver our nachos (which took 20 min), my bf asked if he could have another beer and she kinda went.. I guess.. Cause she wasn't taking care of us. She only had one table so it's not like she was busy. After that she would not even walk by us or make eye contact. Both me and my bf are in the service industry and were pretty upset about it. We understand when people are busy, but another thing is to not care. We cancelled our dinner order and asked for the check. The manager apologized and said he only had one cook and he was busy. We didn't care if the food was taking long but we never had a chance to order drinks. $40 for 2 beers, a martini, nachos and a cup of soup... never again.
Don't come here during graveyard the last two times we came here we got the worse service. Two bartenders and not one will come up to us. One was talking to girls for over a hour and other guy didnt come to West side of the bar. I'm a bartender and I would be ashamed if I gave a customer this kinda service. We will never step foot inside Road Runner on W. Flamingo Rd ever again. Thank you..
I didn't expect much since it was located near our somewhat out-of-the-way hotel and their vegetarian selections were super limited (no veggie burgers for these cowboys). However, the vibe was very warm and the service extremely prompt and attentive. 

We made a meal of fried pickles and nachos. The nachos, while not a complicated dish, were expertly prepared, meaning there was not a dry chip in the pie tin. They were not miserly with the toppings and there was none of that "bottom of the chips were neglected by the beans/cheese" syndrome that you often encounter when an amateur is running the chip station. 

My Long Island Iced Teas were quite strong too. Which is why I probably ate fried pickles and nachos before bed. I will probably do it all over again tonight.

There was also a delightful fire pit with a porch swing that allowed my companion and I a little time to think about the finer things in life.
I really used to enjoy coming here for an after work drink, as I like to play a little video poker, cowboy bowl, and the jukebox is quite alright. After last night, I will not be returning. For some reason or another, the graveyard bartender was ignoring us and giving us the cold shoulder. We've been there at least half a dozen times, so he possibly would slightly know our faces and that we tip well. He never came and offered us another drink, but offered the couple next to us another round. My gf and I are both bartenders, so we know how to tip. Perhaps neighboring Sedona will be our new bar of choice.
The lay-out of the place is cool. The menu is nice, and good beer selection. However, service was SO slow.  Not any place I'd get too excited about going back to.
The food at the roadrunner is exceptional.  The service is decent.  My only issue is the lack of accommodation for smokers.  I know not everybody smokes and I am OK with that....I think, though, that the patio should be opened up (with mist-ers) for those who want a quick smoke.  I haven't been back to this place because it isn't smoker friendly...and I only smoke when I am drinking!!
i visit this location often. the staff is helpful and generally very attentive.

my favorite salad has recently changed from a chop salad to a regular cut for the lettuce which is a little disappointing, but nothing a knife doesn't fix.

i enjoy my meal every time
Good service but horrible garbage food and small portions
A good place to go for bar food while watching a football game.  Some good specials but since we had a groupon we splurged for dinner.  There were two of us and we got the full rack of ribs and some apps.

They (without us even asking!) split the ribs into two portions and served them to us on two plates, each with fries and slaw!  Very cool.  The ribs were tender, meat slid right off the bone.  Servers refilled our sodas frequently!

I kinda thought the Mac and cheese app was "meh" but my gf loved the popcorn shrimp (which comes in a hot wing sauce with bleu cheese crumbles)
I am a Roadrunner fan!  The atmosphere of the bar is a nice mix of classy and comforting with the 8 or so recliners.  This is a great place to belly up to the bar or relax with some friends.  There is an outdoor fire pit for a more cozy, by the camp fire feeling.

Roadrunner has a generous selection of libations and, my favorite, PBR on TAP!!  Drink prices are right about average and a $20 bill can get your head spinning pretty well. The bar staff is great and has very little turn over.

My only knock on Roadrunner is the food... thus far.  Recently I had the Dr. Pepper Taco's.  Now... this sounds amazing, but from a culinary standpoint, a beast to pull off.  I am not quite sure what I was expecting, but I certainly did not get it.  When the plate came out the presentation was much more a fajita style dish than a taco.  In fact, I tried numerous times to make a taco out of my ingredients and failed.  The meat had a very sweet (I know, Dr. Pepper, but even this was a bit strong) glaze to it and was slightly tough.  There was little to no cheese provided, and I am a firm believer in "when all else fails, drown it in cheese".  The rest of my plate was drown in beans and rice.  Not that this is an issue, but it was not expected on a taco plate.  The price was a bit steep as well, right around $14.  If rating off the food alone, I would be compelled to give them 2 stars, but the atmosphere definitely helps their case.

Not to accuse all of their food of failing to meet expectations, I have also had a hamburger from Roadrunner.  While it certainly surpassed the Dr. Pepper Taco's, it is not a reason to come back.  

The only other tip would be to avoid this place around 10pm on Wednesday nights.  The kickball league comes in, and while they are all really cool, it turns into a 3-ring circus with very long wait times.
Unfortunately, I will not be returning to this location in the near or distant future.  In fact, if all the bars in Las Vegas were wiped out except for this one, I'd drink at home.

First: This location is a proud establishment rooting for the Denver Broncos.  I'm a Houston Texans fan and I could even look past that flaw for the fact that I love(D) the atmosphere and food.

Second: Don't order a Vodka/Red Bull.  They keep the can open and going for all orders and if you happen to order when the remaining Red Bull is old and flat...oh well, that's what you're getting.

Third: Some of the WORST customer service I have ever encountered in my life.  Specifically from Jennifer (at the bar) and most recently from Collette (also at the bar).  I assume both women are just miserable people or that Jennifer is unable to comprehend simple tasks like splitting an order up between four people rather than complaining to her patrons about it.  

Today, my manager paid for our lunch and called to place an order.  Unfortunately, she called the wrong location.  When we had already been there for fifteen minutes, waiting, and she began to get frustrated, Collette loudly informed my manager, "look, this is your fault, not ours."  My manager incredulously informed her that she never said it was her fault before she turned and left while I stayed behind and sarcastically thanked her for the superb custmer service.  She turned back around, gave me a condescending smile and replied, "you're quite welcome, honey.  Anytime."

Nope, not anytime princess.  Like I said, I won't be back to this location ever.  I'm ready to ensure that friends, co-workers and family members also steer clear of this place.
The food and service was great.. had the fried pickles ! YUM !! Very good, better than Lucilles !  Had 5 reasonable lunch items, but limited choices.. need to add more.  The one thing that I would change is that sappy  country music, if you are going to play country play upbeat country and mix it up w some hot hits or something... 
All I heard the whole time I was eating... was someones dog died, wife left, house burnt down ..lol  DEPRESSING !
Let me start of by saying- ORDER THE MAC AND CHEESE.  It is something you will not ever regret doing.  My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it.

We only go to the Roadrunner Saloon about once a year.  It has been our Christmas dinner tradition for the past 3 years, oddly enough.  I'm not sure why we don't go more often... the service and food are always great.  The cowboy themed decor and menu are intriguing and I especially love the way the ceiling is painted.  My personal favorite is the Grilled Turkey Melt.  It is the perfect combination of crunchy, melty and spicy goodness.  

I think that I will definitely have to return a few more times this year to try out some of their other delicious items!
Loved it. Food & service was great, along with bowling and pool!
I had fun here! People are crazy! The customer service was awesome ...Jessica was super nice and comprehended everything fine  and was very attentive (my drink never stayed empty) and the GM was great as well. I didn't try the food but i have at other locations and it was great ...for real go hang out!
My friends and I really enjoy coming to this location late at night to shoot pool, have some food and a few drinks- all of which are pretty standard.. nothing mind-blowing. However, what keeps us coming to this bar specifically, opposed to the hundreds of others in the area, is the late-night bartender, SCOTTIE. He is just an all around good guy and genuinely cares about his customers!  We will continue to come into Roadrunner Flamingo because of him (:
Decent food. Cute atmosphere. Good service.
Off the top, my favorite dish here is the potato soup - just amazing. And don't forget sliders while you're at it. 
For the place itself, while it's not the newest bar, I love the grungy western atmospheric vibe it gives. Walking in, you'll see they have a pool table setup, miniature bowling, a jukebox, and sometimes karaoke. One of my favorite locations though, would have to be outside. They have the perfect little patio, complete with bonfires, and my friends and I love to come in and make smores during the cool nights. Did I mention they have a swing??
Roadrunner is also perfect for gambling, and for football season. Place is normally packed then. Wednesday nights, the bar is full of kickball players, so watch out.
Besides all that, Scotty is my favorite bartender, and Travis is my favorite server. Wait, no favorites? That's okay - all the servers are good at what they do. Come on in and check it out!
The cowboy theme works at RoadRunner. Great patio (probably one of the best and only in the area) and lots of space indoors. Gaming at the bar, nice variety on the menu and even (faux) bowling!
I took my family (from out of town) to eat here a while ago and they liked it.
I'll start by saying I have never tried a single food item off of the menu, so this is a review of the bar & saloon side of Roadrunner! I went last night (as I do almost every Wednesday) after kickball - it is the bar everyone goes to after games in my league. They offer a few drink specials for us, like a $5 margarita, a $5 shot, and some beer specials. The drinks are perfectly fine - I've always been satisfied - but they're nothing special. They all come in plastic cups (maybe this is only on Wednesday nights), which adds to the overall frat-party feel of the place.

It's the perfect setup for us on Wednesday nights, because they have a spacious inside where they setup a karaoke machine, and they also have a large outdoor area for playing flipcup and beirut/beer pong. It doesn't seem to have a lot of ambiance, but that could be because of the crowds of kickballers crammed in every time I am there!

Overall, it's a perfectly fine post-kickball bar, but I can't imagine ever wanting to go there on a non-kickball night. (Then again, I'm definitely not in the saloon-going demographic.)
I take my family there two or three times a month...it is a nice place to take the kids and get a pitcher of beer and not be in a national chain restaurant.  

The kids like the mac and cheese, I like the Dr. Pepper Steak Tacos.
I always forget how cute & country-ish it looks inside of RR ..They have a mini bowling alley, pool table, darts & a couple other fun games.. We have even seen people play beer pong there. They have a little stage for performances and karaoke. I love their semi covered patio area.. It has lots of comfy seats, a fire pit, its own bar and lots of pretty twinkling lights.. Like other bars they also have a separate dining room away from all the action but we prefer to sit in one of the many booths by the main bar.. Our server was friendly and the food was good.

We tried the:
-Vaquero Steak Salad_ I thought this was just OK.. I don't like ice berg lettuce so next time I would probably ask for Romaine.. The steak slices were not that impressive and the olives were too overpowering.. If you're watching what you eat ask for the salad without the fried onions so you won't pick them out..
-Blackened Salmon Filet _ This was delicious! A nice sized filet that tasted fresh on deliciously grilled veggies.. YUMMM
-Sliders & Wings _ On a previous visit we tried their sliders & wings.. both were tasty and came with some nice crinkle cut fries.. 

My BF put $10 in the machine and left with $50.. One of our other friends came up 1K so the machines here are definitely somewhat loose~ 

HOT TIP: Happy Hour everyday from 3-6!!! Half priced apps, $2 Jose Cuervo shots & Runnerritas, $3 Dos Equis, $4 Heineken & Rolling Rock ;]]]
I was probably a bit drunk when I bought a Groupon to Roadrunner.  I've driven past this place at least 1,000 times and thought it looked like redneck central.

Turns out, it's a harmless little sports bar with Western flair and enormous t.v. screens.  Very cowboy chic.  Yee haw?

Anyways, the food is okkkaaay.  We ordered the chili, a wedge salad, and a cowboy bbq meal.  The chili was a bit boring.  Not spicy at all.  It did taste homemade, not canned, so they get points for that.  The wedge salad was your typical wedge salad.  They didn't screw it up (which would be difficult).

The bbq was meh.  Our plate came with chicken, beef brisket and ribs ($17.99). The meat was unfortunately dry and not that flavorful.  In fact, it was apparent they just poured bbq sauce on top of everything after plating.  I wouldn't order this again. Bad cowboys!

 I was torn between giving this place 2 and 3 stars but the service was fast and friendly and I kind of enjoyed the atmosphere.  I'm not very country but I'd probably come back for their drinks and apps.
Went here to watch the last NBA Finals game and I'm glad I did since I was rooting for the Spurs.  Being that it's a country bar, a lot of other Spurs fans were there so it was a good time cheering on the team.

It got pretty busy so our server, Jamie, was a little slow.  However, she was super friendly and since we were staying until the end of the game, it wasn't a nuisance that she was behind.  Plus, the manager was constantly walking around and checking on the tables which is a change from other places I've been where the manager just stands and does nothing.

I look forward to going there again since I didn't get to try the cowboy bowling they had.  Plus, since the filet mignon was incredibly good, I'll get that as well.
Happy Hour Everyday 3-6 PM --Rolling Rock $2, Heineken $4, Dos Equis $3,  1/2 price appetizers.

I always forget how cozy n country chic this place is.  Their patio is very inviting too - with couches and a fireplace, nice strings of lights too, creating the perfect atmosphere.  Lots of great big TVs, large booths and great oversized chairs near the bar for relaxing while you toast.  Just a great place to hang out - pool tables, darts, some sort of a mini-bowling alley (yes, seriously!). 

The food - it's truly hit and miss.  Our server told us they continually change the menu and are working hard to keep the items people love and replace the ones that they don't.  This trip hubby had the 1/2 rack of ribs and the meat was falling off the bones!  He was in heaven, said they were sooo delicious! I wasn't  fan of the sauce, but he was in another place as he ate his ribs and lumpy mashed potatoes.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and that too was delicious!  Recommended by our server who said it was one of their most popular items - so I figured it must be worthy and  ..  .. I love Mexican food too!

So the last star . . . it's not a five star experience for me.  I've had taco, we've had sandwiches that were truly just ok.  I've had a salad here before too and it was just that .  . . . just a salad. Didn't wow at all.  

Absolutely worth the visit - if for nothing else a happy hour beer and a game of bowling!!
Purchased a Groupon and went on a Tuesday evening. First impression when driving up was "Ehh, I don't know about this..." But walking inside, it is a really cool looking restaurant/bar. Probably a fun place to drink at, with a really nice outdoor patio area. However, I would never eat here again.
Lets start with the food. I started with a wedge salad, which was decent but I'm assured I cracked a filling on the rock-hard bacon bits. Then I got the grilled chicken club with avocado and crinkle fries. The fries were the highlight of the meal- Reminded me of my childhood, Hah. The top bun was rock hard and the bottom was a wet soggy mess. The chicken was as dry as ever and the avocado was mushy. The bacon, once again was hard and nasty. The club also comes with honey mustard, which I'm thankful I asked them to put it on the side because It tasted like cheap honey icing.
The service was decent. I think our server was fairly new because she seemed overwhelmed with only a couple tables. Refills, food, and the check was brought by another server. Overall, I was glad we didn't have to pay full price for the food.
This place is SO CUTE! I was a little worried that I wouldn't like it after reading some of the other reviews on here but then again, I only had drinks and no food.  My friend and I decided to meet up for a few ''end-of-the-week' cocktails and it was the perfect atmosphere! The big lounge chairs were cozy and our server was sweet and attentive.  We both got the signature mojitos (without simple syrup) and it was made perfectly.  Our water glasses were always full and splitting up our checks wasn't an issue! They didn't even care when my friends big purse knocked over the empty glass and shattered glass went everywhere (We really are sorry about that!). The servers just laughed and said it happens more than we'd believe.  I will definitely want to come here more often!
The Nutty Boba has so many good healthy items, that its hard to name them all. They are the only licensed business to offer some of the products they carry. I will not tell you as its the same surprise I found out. Go in and find out for yourself.
We had a $30 Groupon.  They were located on W Flamingo Rd/215 in Las Vegas.  I loved the southwestern dcor.

We ordered the Carne Asada Quesadilla, Shrimp Tacos, and the Texas Dip.  Everything was average.  Nothing outstanding.

I would come back for the 1/2 priced appetizers during Happy Hour from 3-6pm.
Not very good food and horrible service! This bar is set up to be a country style bar but won't even play country music! The bartender told us they wouldn't play country music because some of their big gamblers hate country music. The only good thing about this place is their margaritas and the mini bowling.
Just like everyone else has already stated: the decor is quite nice in a south-west cowboy themed neighborhood bar with a good selection of draft beers and liquors. I was actually impressed that they had Angry Orchard: Crisp Apple on tap. Don't really see it that often. 

Our waitress made a few recommendations but because i just came from work i wanted to try something that didnt sound like the portion size was going to be pathetically small. Ended up grabbing the Grilled Beef Tips with a cup of chili.

The grilled beef tips were decent. There wasnt that much of a bbq marinated beef taste or even a heavy smokey taste associated with the grilling. Overall everything was subtle in taste. The beef i requested medium-rare and what i received was medium which is understandable as i dont expect a practical way to cook such small chunks to perfection without having to pierce a thermometer in there every minute.

The sides were about average. Broccoli and carrots which were steamed or boiled or even microwaved tossed in some butter. The potatoes were REALLY buttery which in turn made them undeniably good if not fattening.

The chili was actually pretty damn good. Nice chunks of tomatoes and beef, had a really nice flavor that wasnt too bland or overpowering but just right. 

Overall i would come here again because it's out of the norm for what i'm used to in a hang out spot or bar. The bar is nicely stocked with a few times i specifically look out for because it's what i drink and there's activities such as darts and bowling for a more interactive dining/drinking experience.



Yelp 100 - 043 of 100
Sometimes the food is good, sometimes it is not.  Had a bacon burger (can't remember the name) and was delicious, but have had other items and its mediocre.  I think it depends on the cook.

This place is hardly crowded and the drinks are always awesome.  Where else can you do mini-bowling?  Love it!!
I had never been to this bar before I started playing Kickball, and I had never been on a non-Wednesday night until somewhat recently.  Have gambled and won (hit a royal!) so it's definitely possible to win here :)  I love their gaming promos every week, bartenders are very friendly, and food is delicious.  Haven't had too much of a variety (I find something I like and stick with it!) but the steak nachos are AWESOME and the filet is delicious - it comes with steak fries and an amazing little spinach dip thingy that you have to try.

Good ambiance, great for Broncos fans (this is the place to be when the Broncos have a major game!  Broncos fans are crazy!), and pretty good specials.  Always have a good time here.
The outdoor patio is perfect for this time of year. New food menu and signature drinks definitely bring some new life to the party. If you ever stop by, try the tinga tacos and beef enchiladas. Omg the beef enchiladas!!! Best I've ever had. If you're in the area and in the mood for some grub and/or drinks, I'd definitely give roadrunner a try. I will be back for sure.
This place is very unique. Very cozy bar, has 2 pool tables, a few game machines like ping pong, mini bowling alley (which I thought was pretty awesome), and the outside patio had 3 fire pits with swigs, it was very nice. We didn't eat but ordered a few drinks and they were a bit pricey and as much as I loved the atmosphere not sure if this will be a regular spot for us.
The only positive thing I can say about this place is that at least we had a Groupon. The service was slow & not sure who are server even was. There were 3 of us. I had the nachos & they were the most flavorless nachos I've ever had. My grandfather ordered ribs but they didn't have any. It was lunch time so I have no idea how they could be out. He got the pulled pork instead & our friend got the pulled pork as well. The fries that came with the pulled pork were still hard & not cooked all the way through. They had some flavor & I think they could have been really good had they been properly fried. My grandfather said the pulled pork didn't have a lot of flavor & the buns were so soggy that they couldn't pick them up to eat the sandwich . The BBQ sauce was too sweet & the pork lacked flavor. The cole slaw was flavorless soggy cabbage. Had someone come to check on us soon after the food was delivered we would have sent the food back. Definitely will not go back nor recommend. It's not even worth the 1 star I had to leave.
We were there to see the Broncos v. Patriots. The two stars are given for the food, which was delicious! The fried pickles are amazing. Sadly, the service is slow (so slow we had to leave our table to go to the bar to get another drink). The bar charged us a different price for our drinks then the server did! We asked our server to get us a manager. Although we were there for a hour after we asked to see a manager..they never came to the table, nor did the server to offer us another drink. The game even went into over time and we sat there with empty cocktails.
Not bad. Good vodka. Good nachos. Fun atmosphere.  They need a bigger parking lot though. Lots of folks parked in the gravel.
Great place for business lunches. Their Cowboy Cobb salad is delicious! Also they have a great patio area to enjoy when the weather is nice.
My wife and I came here to use a Groupon we purchased.  We used to come here periodically but haven't been back in years with the proliferation of new restaurants in the area. 

We were brought iced tea quickly and a basket with some corn muffins and butter.  Our server, Desiree, took our order promptly.  I got a cup of baked potato soup with bacon and chive topping.  It had a lot of cheese mixed in and it was excellent.  It didn't help with my cold much but it was worth the try!

For our mains, we each got the 6 ounce filet served with large potato wedges and a ramekin with creamed spinach and some browned cheese on top.  The seasonings on the potato wedges and the steaks were very tasty and the steaks were good like we ordered.  

We had the smaller steaks so there was room for dessert.  We should have shared.  They were very large.  My wife got the brownie with ice cream and I got the pecan and chocolate pie.  Both were very good.

A few things about the service.  Evidently there's only one person serving at the time we were there and we waited several minutes for someone to come to seat us.  Later, Desiree had to take care of all the tables and our wait for things was longer than need be.  

A very pleasant meal in nice surroundings.
Love this place! Great atmosphere, awesome set up, amazing customer service, and AMAZING food. Can't ask for much more :)
Thought we would try a new place to watch a game and grab lunch.  It just plain sucked.  Lots of great sports bars in Vegas.  This ain't one of them.
I went outside of box and decided to get the Dr Pepper tacos. They were nasty! The meat had the consistency of beef jerky. The rice did not go with the plate. The pinto beans were uncooked little pebbles and also tasted terrible. Out server didn't know any of the questions I asked her and took a long time to do anything. The bathrooms were pitch black! What kind of country bar plays Avril Lavigne, Kesha and Beyonce??
I had a bacon, cheese burger.  It was average bar food.   The have decent selection of draft beers.  Outdoors patio is nice, includes TVs, fire pit, even a swing.  Metal tables were kinda wobbly.  Great venue for a big group!
Absolutely in love with the chicken noodle soup! Turkey melt, carne asada quesadillas, and salads are great. My boyfriend and I both don't like their chips, or beans and rice, so the nachos aren't that great. Or anything with rice They are tri colored and taste like cardboard.  I love the huge tvs, large booths, and country vibe. Sometimes the service is poor. 
They have a great patio with a bar and booths, and at night they have fires.
After the rude and inconsiderate customer service, I decided not only does this guy justin hate his job, but he also gave my a cup that had been cracked on the rim, and I almost slit my lip. The guy didnt believe me which made me even more mad. I'm seriously never coming back, and u shouldn't either.
There's a round courtyard outside with a few tables around the edge and the fire pit in the middle which was just beautiful the last night I was there back in the spring. The stars shining above, the weather was a little chilly which made the heat from the fire pit feel very nice and cozy. The ceviche was fresh and yummy, and that is coming from someone who doesn't eat a lot of raw fish. Nice atmosphere inside as well, good lighting.
If you're coming to Roadrunner to eat anytime soon, this isn't the place.

Just a few other tables in the joint when we were seated and our server spent most of the time talking and hanging out with the manager and other employees while we waited, waited and waited for our should-be hot, cold food to arrive.  

She did perk up prior to expected tip time. 

Too many options in LV to return for a repeat lackluster performance.

Good luck, Roadrunner, restaurants go bye bye with your inattention to customers.
K and I stopped here for lunch before exploring the town. The ambiance definitely rates 5 STARS.

The bar stools are old saddles. There are thousands of signed $1.00 bills from all over the country and the world tacked on the wall, ceiling and any other open spot in the saloon and it is located in a historic building. The menu is printed like an old newspaper and the servers are pleasant.

I would rate the food as 3 or 4 STARS. 

 K had a pulled pork sandwich and she said it was very good.  When researching the area I read that they had the hottest and best chili around and really good Sonora style Mexican food.  I tried the chili and it was hot and it was pretty good but I can not give it five stars. Perhaps I am a food snob.

I came here for the experience and that was worth five stars but the food does not rate quite that high.
Service was very slow but food was decent...had the bean burrito and cheese enchiladas...local beer tastes like miller, nothing special.  Only option in tortilla flat! Atmosphere is quirky and interesting with western flair and thousands of dollar bills covering interior of entire restaurant!
Ice cold beer served in a mason jar. Saddles for bar stools. Friendly staff. Havent eaten there but the food looked good, like bar food. Love it.
trs western , bon chili , service sympa , n'oubliez pas d'accrocher votre dollar au mur sign en partant , visitez les toilettes
Oh, man.  If you can make the trip up the Apache Trail, stop here for some grub.  Dollar bills make up the decor as there are thousands of them stapled to the walls.  I saddled up to the bar (literally) and ordered a Killer burger.  The server (Karen... maybe owned the place, too.  Not sure) said they were known for burgers and chili.  The Killer was a chili burger so I thought I could knock those both out in one meal.  The chili was great!  And hot.  7 on a 10 scale.  And, the burger was OK.  We had some sort of Mule beer (tasted like Pabst Blue Ribbon... mixed with Natural Light) on tap to wash it down.  Go to this place for the atmosphere for certain.

Pros=cool decorations, saddle barstools, fun bathrooms
Cons=no cell phone service, saddle sores
Went to Superstition Saloon in January 2011, had the best burger and fries ever! I will be going back to AZ, just to stop here and have a burger and beer.  The burger was big and delicious!
I have to stop in here for some version of their chili and a bottle of Sasparilla everytime I make my way up/down the Apache Trail. I love that damn chili. You can just get it in a bowl with a tortilla, or in a bread bowl, on a burger or dog. I have had 'em all and will continue for a long time to come. I just took a friend up there this last weekend and we both got the Killer chili omelette. Instead of just making an omelette and throwing some chili on it, they cook that stuff right in there and have it beautifully folded with melted cheese on it (why didn't I take a picture? Damn!). I like spicy. That being said, the chili could be a little bit spicier but it is delicious. Everytime I have been here the staff is very friendly and fast. Tortilla Flat is a great piece of AZ history that suppies some good grub.  Go there.
There's not a lot of choices on Apache Trail.  It could be much worse!  The burger was burnt and stay away from the chicken tacos.  The draft beer was cold and that was the singular redeeming fact.
The road to get here has ALOT of curves.  If you have motion sickness like I do, you will definitely want Dramamine or sleep through it.

The restaurant decor itself is fun to look at. There are dollar bills all along the walls.  The bar has saddles for seats.  I definitely would like to see someone who has had a few too many try to get off. My friend and I happened to sit at the bar.  We were given menus and told "we are known for our burgers and chili".  My friend ordered a bowl of chili that was served with cheese and sour cream.  I had the chili dog with tortilla chips.  The chili was decent.  It has a very slight kick to it.  Nothing to brag about.  

They also have Mule Oil and Rattlesnake Venom beer on tap which is unique to this establishment.  I was told the Mule Oil is a lighter beer.  It is similar to Bud Light, and I wasn't that impressed.  I inquired about the Rattlesnake Venom in the hopes of trying a better beer. (By the way, they do not give samples).  I asked the bartender if the Rattlesnake Venom beer was like an IPA.  He looked at me and said "I don't understand what you mean.  I don't drink."  This statement baffled me.  I respect his decision not to drink, but if you are a bartender you should be knowledgeable about the drinks that you serve.  Just saying.  I decided not to try the Rattlesnake Venom.
I ate at this new Chipotle the Friday afternoon of January 8th.  When I left there was a line out the door all the way to the end of the strip shopping center.  There had to be at least 50 or 60 folks in line at 3:00 in the afternoon!  

Well It turns out I started eating a little too early.  At 3:00pm Chipotle's was giving out free T-Shirts and a free burrito!  I missed out!  

There are some good reasons to wait a while to eat at this Chipotle.  Mostly it is staff training.  I eat at Chipotle quite a bit.  This one was something of a disappointment.  I ordered a Carnitas Fajita for a change.  They were out of the Fajita veggies, then they were out of the delicious Carnitas.  When the food finally arrived they assembled the burrito and by the time I got to the table it was soggy and fell apart even though I was using the peel the foil method of eating the burrito.  

I have high hopes for this place and hope that by the time you read this the service and quality issues will be addressed.  It is a nice restaurant with plenty of seating inside and a nice patio.  Of course the place was clean because it is brand new and shiny!  

Now that I think about it the folks lined up will be good practice for when they get busy.  The free T-shirt and burrito will soften the blow if there are any mistakes on the orders.  I will certainly stop by and give it another try.
The 4 stars is in comparison to other Chipotle's I've been to, especially in this area.

I have to admit, when they were building this plaza, my friends and I tried to guess every day what it was going to be. We had it narrowed down to a Chipotle or a sushi joint (both would kill me for sure) and I cannot believe we were actually right. 

I am pretty pleased with this place. Both times I've stopped by it's been clean and pretty speedy service. Every time I come in, I am surprised by all the extra room around to the side and out on the patio and it makes me happy.

I'm sure anyone reading this has been to Chipotle, but if not, or if you're feeling like trying something new.. my signature dish for the past few years has been carnitas bowl with black beans, corn, fajita, lettuce and a little bit of the dairy stuff. Wash it down with a Nantucket nectar apple juice and you're golden.
I swore off Chipotle after my first experience several years ago while living in CA.  I finally gave in and gave it another shot. A buy 1 get 1 free certainly helps!

The burrito is average, but the meat is a bit chewy and salty (chicken and beef)  The quality of meat was the problem I had with my previous burrito and not much has changed in the many years since my last visit to a Chipotle. .

For similar chain burrito places, Chipotle ranks above Moes, but is behind Baja Fresh, Qdoba etc.
 
Our table had chips and guacamole. The guacamole was excellent!  

The staff was very friendly and our burritos were served very quickly.
This is the best Chipotle in the Tempe area. Fast, friendly service. Very clean establishment. Fresh, delicious food. They would rather have me wait a minute for the freshest, just-off-the-grill food then scrape the bottom of a tray. If you get Rachel as a server, you get great conversation with your speedy service. It's a fun experience.
I'm no stranger to Chipotle and this location was sub-par at best. Granted I've only been to this one twice now, neither experience was a good one.

I just recently moved to Tempe and had to leave my beloved Gilbert & Warner Chipotle, where they always went beyond the typical "Hi. What can I get for you?" 

At this new Tempe location I was hurried through the line to a somewhat grumpy young cashier who proceeded to ring me up without a word and sent me on my way. Not even a "Thank you, have a good night!" I always get my guac on the side and to my surprise realized it was not in my bag when I got home  :(  That's my favorite part!

All in all, not a good experience but that wont stop me from going again. Maybe they'll be able to win me over eventually. Who knows?
Oh my good friend, it was love at first bite. I first tried Chipotle in Ohio in 2002. Oh man, was I hooked. I have no idea how this is possible, but back then I could actually get down two burritos. Wow. For those of you who have eaten here but have never experienced the Chipotle Carnitas, please help yourself by doing so. This is the best carnitas I have ever tasted and it is always amazing. Moist with a hint of salt and seasonings. I have turned many people on to their carnitas. Their cilantro lime rice is sooooo tasty! I always ask for extra. I no longer eat meat and this is actually one of the few meals I will truly miss even though I didn't eat here all the time. Their pinto beans are cooked with bacon so I have to get black beans and their vegetarian burrito now...it's good...but that meat is always on the other side of that glass looking awfully good. My order: Vegetarian burrito, extra rice, black beans, peppers and onions, pico, the corn salsa, the medium salsa, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, and guac (or instead of guac the carnitas). Their chips are super yummy too...try them with guac! OMG Flavor Explosion!
I love Chipotle! I have always been a fan, and even more so since becoming a vegetarian. I love that their rice, tortillas, black beans, fajita veggies, salsa's and guacamole are all vegan! I love the corn salsa the best and usually ask for two scoops on my burrito. And large globs of guacamole. That stuff is super addicting. 

So everyone knows that Chipotle is great, but this review is based more so on this particular location. This is the location I like the best. The workers are super friendly. One of them I swear is even in love with my husband because she always gives him more guacamole than she gives me. But the staff is great. If they are ever almost out of guacamole or fajita veggies they ask us to wait for fresh stuff to come out instead of giving us the old brown stuff at the bottom of the bowl. I love them! There is a Chipotle closer to our house than this location, but we come out to this one every time just because of the staff. That, and the quality of the food seems to be better at this one. Ive been to Chipotles where the beans have been mushy and bland, but the food is always fresh and great at this location. 

Chipotle is great, but this location is the best by far in terms of staff friendliness and freshness of food.
Simply put Chipotle is the best quick burrito around. I have to write an update to my shrine to Chipotle because of the experience we had at this store. It was AMAZING! I have to say that I have eaten hundreds of these burritos, and this one was the best since leaving Colorado (the home of Chipotle). Same burrito, but for somereason today's was much better. I also want to thank the staff for thier ability to make me laugh and give me my favorite burrito. LUV YA!

Review time

Curbage: 10 A newer store with good curbage

P factor: 10

All in all everything was clean everone was friendly and I will visit this store in the future.

Late!
Gordo
It's Chipotle... come on! I would eat Chipotle everyday if I could - man, I would be fat!

My fav is the steak bowl with rice, fajita veggies, black beans, corn, lettuce and hot and mild salsa.

Damn, I'm getting myself hungry now!
Pop quiz hot shot: How do you take an already healthy vegetarian taco/burrito/bowl and make it more healthy?

Get the new brown rice offering! Went in today for lunch and was super excited to see that they now offer brown rice. Hells yeah! Now if only Chipotle would jump on the whole wheat tacos and tortillas it would be perfect. Hopefully one day...
Last three times I have been in the restaurant it has been after 830pm and they are still quite busy.  Tonight, when i was in line, there were 6 people in front of me, 2 who had already ordered.  It seriously took 15 minutes before my order was taken and another 6-7 minutes to complete.  The cashier was off in her own world, all the food was empty and getting refilled, and generally a poorly run night.  Food was ok, nothing to talk about.  But the guac I ordered with my chips was runny and really bad.

You are a quick stop for ok mexican food.  Your late night crew at this restaurant needs to be retaught how to work fast and make people happy.  they clearly need help.  

I will probably give them one last chance, but am not looking for much improvement.  This store needs help as Most chipotle stores are 10 times better.
om nom nom nom
This Chipotle is quickly becoming a regular lunch spot for me. The lines are long, but the people working there are fast, efficient and friendly. Even if there are 30 people in line ahead of you (and there often are), you're typically ordering within 5-10 minutes. Steve Ells would be so proud of this location. 

I love the chicken tacos. Their grilled chicken is bomb, and the tortillas are tasty. Three chicken tacos with cheese, lettuce and hot salsa is my jam. The food is good, and it just feels fresher and better for you than any other fast food option. They also offer Coke Zero, which is good since I'm trying to give up non-diet soda (New Year's resolution...trying to "get healthier" and "drop pounds" so I don't have a "weight problem"...Sorry, just had to channel my inner Chris Farley for a minute).

Anyway...Rather than getting crappy fast food for lunch, or paying way too much for crappy food at a chain restaurant in Tempe, I'll hit up Chipotle a couple times a week and at least feel OK about my lunch choices.
Every time i come here for food,it is a great experiance!  Last night included.                I got a bowl and my date got the Burrito. It really was the biggest burrito we had ever seen. The food was fresh and really tasty.   No wait time at all,which was great since it was a Friday night after all.         The staff is very nice and the place was so clean!  We got it to go and the parking lot was full, but hey it's a busy place.
This only gets 4 stars because I love the food.

Went there to get a bowl to-go for lunch today.  There was an extremely long line that wrapped around back toward the cashier.  The line moved fairly quickly, so I didn't mind.  In front of me was a tall, bigger guy who ordered a bowl with chicken.  Then I ordered my bowl with chicken.  Here's the part I don't get--I understand that you're super busy & all, but how come the big guy, who looks like he could eat less, get a bigger scoop of chicken than me, this little Asian girl who looks like she could use some more food?  Shouldn't the restaurant serve equal portions?  Where's the consistency?  And efficiency!  Just think--if a customer orders double meat, but the server scoops two big scoops that amounts to like three regular scoops or more, that is one less customer they can serve.

And then they skimp on the guacamole scoops.  If I'm going to pay an extra $1.80 for just a scoop of guacamole, I deserve a full scoop!
Good food, fast, and reasonably priced.
This is a great Chipotles...they are always fast, the food is always fresh and the tables are pretty much always clean. I've been here a few times and the manager has been around checking up on things. They mean business! Good business, that is!
The service is always fast and friendly. Large dining are both inside and out. The food is always fresh and tasty and plenty of it. I've never had a bad experience.
Chipotle is good, mostly organic Mexican fast food. I mainly eat here because it is cheap and healthier than most fast food. I usually get the burritos but they have tacos, quesadillas, and bowls. The attraction for me is the delicious meats. The barbacoa here made me fall in love with barbacoa because it is so flavorful. The steak and chicken is great too because they are usually locally raised and without hormones. I don't care for the carnitas (pork) here because it is too dry.  For toppings they have three types of salsa, corn, cheese, sour cream, lettuce, guacamole, white or brown rice, black beans, pinto beans and peppers and onions. The sour cream is way too watery for me and lacks flavor. They have chips, soft drinks and beer. That is pretty much their whole menu, but you tell them what to put on your burrito or bowl or whatever you are getting so you can change it up each visit.  One other downfall is that you don't get your tortillas browned on your burrito like you would at some other places that serve Mexican food. The barbacoa burrito I got tonight was $9.24 after tax because I got guacamole for $1.80 extra.  Overall, Chipotle is decent, but it is up to the customer to be creative and go against the norm if you want something like pollo asada then you would have to tell them to skip the rice and beans and just give you a ton of chicken, the green salsa, and guacamole. If you think like this you can stave off boredom for a while since they don't have some of the other things you would get at other Mexican places like fish or shrimp tacos, mexican rice, refried beans, chimichangas, taquitos, tortas, or tostadas.  Dear Chipotle corporate: If you are listening, I like your concept but more variety would be welcomed with open arms.  I realize that some of the items Chipotle doesn't make are not very healthy (like anything fried) but how easy would it be to make tortas or shrimp tacos?  Just saying...
This place is as efficient as a well oiled machine. This location has a lot of return customers, because of it's attention to quality and speed. They are good at what they do and they are delicious. I will continue to comeback to this establishment to fulfill my burrito bowl fix.
Another location, another ode to Chipotle

Burrito, burrito bowl, quesadilla, or taco
Barbacoa, steak, carnitas, chicken, or veggie
Black beans or pinto beans
Spicy, corn, medium, pico de gallo, or a mixture
Something for the whole family.
 
Instead of yellowed Spanish rice
Actual white Mexican-style rice with a hint of cilantro and lime
And. . .
Brown rice for the health conscious
Something for everyone.

How come it's soooooo good!?

Tin foil, talkative cups, and gregarious wrappers
What's up with the narcissistic pictures?
Lots of metal and wood
You know when you walk into a Chipotle

There is always a Chipotle near by, but. . .

Why aren't there more Chipotles!?
Be patient. Long line, slow service.
They were quick even when the line was back to the front door, they server beer and the food tastes good!
Their Chicken Salad is great, also, love it with guacamole and a few dips of the spicy dressing.
I order take out from this location on a weekly basis, and I'm always so impressed with the friendly staff, the amazing fresh food, the super delicious chips and guacamole, and the prices! Great healthy food to go, you can't beat Chipotle! Keep up the great work guys!! See you this week.
I come here have not so good time bad. Burrito is in america, really no mexico. I say make roll up my burrito and for pointing at chicken I get steak. He says sorry so accident, but I'am not feeling the welcoming nor do I ask for much. So pimple face tell me he remake. No trouble I have so I eat american mexican steak. It so bad I can not finish. I with friend who take home. So I go with sad american burrito and cannot say good for this mexican establishment. I hear in the USA Arizona, mexican do not like to make native food. I say same thing. Do not come home to my house and say Mr. Jence, make me the Swedish Smorgisbord. I say no and we get a real Mexican food at the drunk home Arizona rehab for the Filiburtos.
I love chipotle. 
Their food is so fresh and tasty. 

The only thing I dislike are the peppers ... They're always dry and taste metallic.  I just avoid them but the rest if their food is epic.
Huge line today but they got us through very quickly. They had four guys helping to build your burrito.  I love the fresh ingredients. Brown rice and chicken is the best but I've had the pork and steak and that's pretty good. Just love the chicken cause the spices and the grilling. Always perfect. 

To top it off the servers were very friendly and smiling with a very clean environment. The only downfall of this Chipotle is the parking. Seems like the parking lot is always full. 

Love Chipotle. Burrito madness love it.
Literally the best "fast food" restaurant I've ever be too. Not just because of the food but the service is outstanding! I've been a regular here for months and never have I come in to someone with a bad attitude. If anyone has complaints about this place it's because they are the type of person to find the littlest flaw in perfection. I literally made this yelp account specifically to write this review. I've worked in fast food and this teams hard work should not go unrecognized. I'll be back next week.
came here on Halloween for my $3 burrito.  Staff was friendly and quick, so although the line was long it moved fast.  The only con of this location is that the parking lot is tight and always packed.
Yum yum, super accommodating service even if we don't know what to do, yay for fast service even when it's packed..
Love ... Love ... Love Chipotle! 

This location is always consistent and have never messed up an order, even a phone in. The food is fresh, flavorful, and reasonably priced for the portions you get. You definitely want to come hungry! I always say, "I'll take some home." It never happens!

My only negative has to do with parking. If you come at lunch or dinner the parking can be a bit of a pain, but I can't blame Chipotle for that one! That just means it's good food :-)

One of the staff members was great the other day... I didn't catch his name but he came around and asked us how the food was. Once he saw me eating the Guac he stopped back by to ask me if I had any pointers to make it better? Good guy and cares about the product he puts out for the customers. 

I'll definitely be back!
It was my first time here. The food was alright. Nothing special. But my biggest issue is staffing. Get people who are more professional and are more attentive. Instead of someone who kept calling me bro, and a girl who added guacamole after I had time I say 3 times not to because I changed my mind. I didn't say anything though.
Very busy during lunch and dinner rushes, with lines that stretch out the door. 

I've been to Chipotles where the servings are nice and ample, where the servers frequently pile on two scoops of tender meat into a burrito stuffed with calorically-dense goodness. This is not one of those Chipotles. I expect that the hiring process includes harvesting new employee souls and grinding into their tortilla mix. The employees here have never smiled.
This is by far my favorite location. Not just because it's only a mile from where I live, but the cashiers always put the coins in my hand first and then the bills/receipt on top when they're giving my change back.

These people are doing God's work.
I love chipotle bowls.  Healthy, fresh and convenient. I like grabbing lunch or dinner here when a hurry.  Great customer service.  Their tacos are excellent too!
Everyone should know Chipotle by now. Nothing super fancy but sure hits the spot sometimes. It's a lot easier to special order burritos and quesadillas and have them made in two minutes than it is to do it at home and clean up the mess. Of course they along with all other similar quick fix burrito shops cram gobs of beans and rice and cilantro into everything so I usually state specifically little or no rice and beans double the meat and pay for it. But it tastes better.
I love their Burrito, especially the steak with over fill.
I wish i could eat there everyday.
So the other half and I were looking for somewhere to eat lunch one Saturday and we stumbled upon this place. It had randomly popped up on Lothian Road without us noticing, so we thought we'd give it a try.

I guess this place is still pretty new as it still had the new, unworn feel to it. Basically the idea is this. You grab yourself a seat (and there was plenty, it was suspiciously quiet for a Saturday afternoon), and pour over the very small menu. You then make your choice and head up to the counter and order. The menu has two sections. The first section you choose from either a Burrito, Tacos or Quesadila. You then choose your filling (beef, chicken or veggie), what type of beans you want and finally whichever salsa. In a way, it reminded me of Subway. As the girl moved along the 'production line' filling my Burrito and asking questions as she went. 

The second part of the menu contains Fajitas, Salads and Nachos. These things come from the kitchen so you pay up and they bring it over to you. Also they give you a cup and you go off and fill up your drink from the drink station. 

We ordered a beef Burrito and Chicken Nachos to share. It was really pretty awesome. We both gobbled it down and were stuffed for the rest of the day. I really don't think I would manage a whole Burrito to myself because I was struggling towards the end. And we are big eaters (my big butt doesn't lie). The beef was lovely and tender, the guacamole was homemade (I am sick of that awful store bought stuff restaurants normally use) and the salsa was also fresh. It was all delicious! 

I love the idea of this place and it works well. It also is a takeaway too, which is an added bonus. I can't wait to go back.
From the street, Illegal Jack's looks like a chain restaurant selling unexciting 'tex-mex' food. This is partly true: the food is pretty uninspiring, but surprisingly this place isn't a chain. Inside the restaurant is large, white and empty: it looks unfinished, like the decorators were due to come back and finish it, but didn't because the money ran out. I was enticed there today by the promise of a free burrito, which was duly handed over. I liked that it was made in front of me by a clean and relatively friendly server (kudos to her, she had 1000 of these to make), but I didn't hold out too much hope that I would soon be indulging in a culinary masterpiece. When I got it back to the office, the salsa had made it a bit soggy and it leaked burrito juice all over my desk. It tasted alright, but my judgement was clouded because it was free. I'm not sure I'll be rushing back to pay 5.75 for one.
In the former premises of the Pizza Hut that seemed to have been on Lothian Road since the beginning of time, Illegal Jacks looks to be aiming for somewhere in the middle of the spectrum between outright fast food, and classy sit down restaurant. It certainly looks brand new, and is pretty nicely furnished, so you don't feel like you're sitting in years of other people's pizza  grease. Hmmm, I've just realised I feel a bit nauseous when I write the word grease.

Anyway, the place is pretty big, so there's plenty of room to sit if you're in a big group of people, or you can take away. Then you go up the eagerly waiting staff, and decide whether you want tacos, a burrito, or a quesadilla. Then you choose chicken, beef or the veg option to fill your chosen edible vessel, and add beans or salsa. There are other options on the menu too, like nachos or fajitas. I went for a burrito, which wasn't half bad to be honest, and what made it taste even better was that it was very reasonably priced, surprisingly so. Definitely worth coming in here if you have a Tex-Mex craving as it's quick, pretty good quality, and most probably going to be under a tenner.
I was pleasently suprised about this place. It's not what I was expecting at all if I'm honest.

Firstly this place is new, really new - it still hasnt had a chance to loose its new restaurant shine, which is nice. It's certainly better than the old pizza hut which was here. But because its new, its often empty which is a little bit uncomfortable. Never the less, I'm sure as it gains a reputaion there will be more of the seats filled each night.

Anyway, Illegal Jacks is like the illegitimate love child of Subway and Tex-mex food. You kind of shuffle along a counter while you choose your food and its made freshly in front of you. Then there is some food which is made in the kitchen and brought to you. It's a bit confusing and frankly seems uneconomical, but its different which is the main thing.

The food is good, I do like any type of tex-mex though, so see for yourself - its an experience more than anything!
All tex mex food was invented in the desert, and in the 100 years since it's we've been cooking it  we've still not found a way to make it work. 

The food here was ok, everyone's explained the Subway like process on which your food is made. This does nothing but slow the whole process up when you have customers asking for just one more lettuce leaf.

The food just tastes greasy, like it's been left out in a metal tin all day like they serve you in Asda cafes....oh wait.

All show, no substance.
This restaurant is extremely American, which is definitely a good thing when it comes to food! Sure the menu mainly consists of the more popular Mexican dishes, but any Mexican, or culinary expert really, would liken it to a TGI Fridays rather than an authentic Mexican restaurant.

It's quite a new place, only having opened last November, and is the brainchild of some Scots (or one Scot, I forget) who went to the States and decided to open Ilegal Jack. I do have to say it's an awesome name, and could probably just be shortened to Ilegal, if it kicks off. If I say you can get quesadillas, burritos and tacos here, one gets the general idea of what the menu is like! It's not ridiculously expensive, and the nachos take-away I had was much more than edible by the time I got home.

The restaurant is definitely decorated in a no frills manner, with wooden tables and bench chairs, and being a fan of this kind of food I'll definitely be eating there many more times.
Okay, I'm at risk of being pelted with hard objects by any Americans I know (and also some of you Edinburgh folks by the looks of things), and I'm aware that I don't have any means of comparison when it comes to authentic Tex Mex food, but I enjoyed my bite here. Come on, when we can't move for flipping Chiquito branches or gosh darn Barburritos, anything that seems to be doing it better - and by that I mean way better - gets my vote.

This place is sharp, clean and minimalist. It also serves alcohol. It's kind of a hybrid between a fast food place and a casual restaurant, you know, the type where plastic knives and forks meet bottles of beer...? Me neither. But I like it, and price-wise and quality-wise, I was impressed. It feels like it should be a far bigger chain than it actually is, and if one day it makes its way to Manchester I shall welcome it with open arms. Plus the choice isn't as limited as with the likes of Barburrito - there are various other options like buffalo wings.

I opted for a chilli bowl with Spanish rice, and I was provided with a dish that contained a number of different kinds of vegetables (take THAT, Barburrito... this is turning into a one-woman attack, I'm sorry) as well as beans and a sauce that had just the right amount of kick, and the rice was done deliciously. For once I was eating something in a place of this type that didn't taste like a dish I could have cobbled together at home, and I'm not sure where the greasy accusations are coming from here but I didn't experience anything of the sort. Just a generous topping of cheese, which I always have time for.

Whoever Jack is, I hope they forgive him for whatever illegal thing he did because he does make rather good fast food. And he should be praised for it.
I'll have to start this review off by saying that I'm from California so have a very high standard for what I think Mexican food should be.  Yes, I realise this is tex mex/southwest food, but when they're serving burritos, I'll call it Mexican.

I stopped in here about a month ago before a gig.  My man and I went for a couple of pints after work and before heading to Illegal Jacks so our tummies were sufficiently rumbly.   Everything sounded tasty so we decided to share a burrito, nachos and chicken wings.  

Once we decided what we wanted to eat, my man got in line to order while I stayed at the table to wait.  And wait and wait and wait.  I have no idea why the line moved sooooooo slowly when all anyone has to do is order, pay, and get a number. 

When our food finally arrived we realised it wasn't really worth the wait.  The burrito was OK and huge, so the expensive price tag made a bit more sense.  There wasn't much to it in terms of excitement, but it tasted good so we were satisfied.
The nachos ... how can anyone mess up nachos??  I find that a lot here, poor poor poor excuses for nachos, and it hurts my Californian soul.  Nachos are a tasty crispy crunchy way to eat beans and cheese and salsa and guac and all of the other lovely toppings you can choose from.  It really doesn't take a culinary genius to make nachos, so why is it so hard to find good ones?  So right, nachos did not receive a thumbs up.
Finally the chicken wings.  They had the taste and texture of boiled chicken which had been rubbed in spices and baked for a few minutes prior to serving.  Granted, boiling the chicken guarantees that it's cooked and makes it very tender, but still ... that's just not right.  

On top of being disappointed by the food, the price tag (about 30 pounds for the food and two beers) was unreasonable for what was essentially fast food.

My Illegal Jacks experience made me miss Coconut Grove even more.  Now that was tasty Mexican grub.
Oh Illegal Jack's, you hit the spot just right. 

I had heard good things about I.J's burrito bar, serving giant burritos and american-mexican treats. Further research only affirmed these rumours and fuelled my excitement of finally trying them. Not just burritos, but tacos, quesedillas, fajitas, nachos, chilli, and salads. With two different veggie options. Where could this go wrong?

If anyone knows, then drop me a line, but I fail to see how. I came here on Burns' Night with two friends, and when we first arrived at 6pm it was really quite quiet. Perfect, we could order quickly, our food arrived promptly, and it was delicious. I had the fajitas, which was a beautifully sized portion of peppers, onions, and chicken, with all the sides. Miss S had the burrito, and ohmyholylord is that one BEAST of a burrito. They are massive. While Miss M had the quesedilla, and I admit I was jealous of all that grilled, oozy, cheesy goodness. I kinda wanted it all.

There's a nice, friendly atmosphere inside, and the staff always had a smile on their face. As it was Burns Night, there were haggis burrito specials, and I think a themed Burn Night ticket'd event. Around 8pm it suddenly got super busy and there school-lunch-type queues about 12 people back from the ordering desk for food. I'm glad we came when we did. But no one seemed to mind waiting, so I'm assuming this is what you expect for the Burrito goodness at Jack's.

I also need to give special mention to the pitchers of margaritas. They are the devil in delicious disguise (if the devil were actually something very, very good and just a little bit naughty). Two pitchers later, and me, Miss S and Miss M left quite merry, full of tasty food, and saying "we MUST do that again soon".

I can't think of many other places that dedicate themselves to the art of burrito making, but Jack's has it down to a deliciously spicy T.
It pains me to lower my rating for Illegal Jack's but it has to be done.

I returned here last week for a friends birthday and while I do enjoy the relaxed surroundings, I came away very disappointed.

Since my last visit, Jack's have done something which puts them in the same boat as companies like Ryanair. They have started doing 'add on's.' So you look at the menu and think yum, I think I will have a Burrito! That is 6.50. Oh wait, you have to add an extra 75p on to that to put beef in your Burrito. That translates as paying 6.50 for a tortilla with some rice and beans. Not cool. Why can't you just buy a Burrito for 6.50? Why not include the beef in the price? I really don't think a tortilla, rice and beans is worth 6.50. Then the sneaky assistant behind the counter asks if you want sour cream and jalapenos, in the same way that they ask what type of salsa and beans you want. There is no mention at the extra cost. Your 6.50 Burrito quickly turns into costing you 10.10 with a cup of coke. 

The Burrito is huge, but you quickly realize it is made up of mostly rice and beans with very little beef. It is all rather tasteless and bland and the realization that it cost over a tenner makes it worse. I want to love this place because the idea is brilliant, but I think the prices do not reflect the quality or flavour of the food.
I so very desperately wanted to love Illegal Jack's, because it's the only American Southwestern restaurant I've heard of in Edinburgh, and I've been craving some Chipotle. Maybe my expectations were too high, but having been to California multiple times as well as Texas and Mexico, I have high standards for this type of food. And, I heard nothing but good things from friends (some of them American) that I couldn't help but have great expectations.

But, sadly, Illegal Jack's did not live up to the hype. Sure the burritos are massive, probably inspired by Chipotle's serving sizes, but filling a burrito with mostly bland rice and unseasoned chicken doesn't get you anywhere. As mentioned in previous comments, they charge you for every single toping, so my chicken burrito came to 7.70 with jalapenos, guacamole, and lettuce. They charge extra for lettuce! Is that really necessary?

On top of that, when I finally got around to eating it, it was pretty bland. The jalapenos has the most flavor. The only thing I had was the burrito, so maybe the tacos or nachos are better, but from what I had I wouldn't waste your money.
HELL NO THIS ISN'T A THREE STAR ESTABLISHMENT!!!
(and I hate exclamation points!)

Seriously, I'm a little mad. 

WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE AND WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN EATING? 

With all due respect Edinburgh and the fine and wonderful people I have met here, I have not seen such skewed ratings for places to eat in my life until I came here. 

First, you rate PIZZA F**KING PARADISE a FOUR STAR and this place you think sucks? I've always said "The UK gets a bad rap, they have some damn fine food." Well, I'm here to say - you do have damn fine food, you just don't respect it. Clearly it's not the food it's your wrong opinions. (I still love you guys though)

Illegal Jack's is DAMN FINE fast food tex mex. I have eaten in Edinburgh for three weeks at 4 and 5 star Yelp rated places and this was FAR AND AWAY the best meal I had. 

The fresh spicy salsa was out of control awesome. 
Next layer cheddar cheese. 
Next layer AMAZING veggie chili that filled me to the brim. 
Next layer damn fine black beans.
Next layer Mexican rice. 
Held in a CRISPY CRISPY DELICIOUS corn tortilla. 

Added layer Guacamole that was... damn fine for some Guacamole served in Scotland. It's a-friggin million miles away from Mexico and they still managed to pull off the guac! Well done Illegal Jack. 

ADDED BONUS: Buffalo Sauce. For real Edinburgh? You can't respect that there's Buffalo Wings here? I mean where else are you going to get Buffalo Wings? 

Now, if you come here expecting MEXICAN food, you won't get it. You know why? Cause BURRITOS are AMERICAN. Yes, I said it. We didn't invent the tortilla, and we didn't invent the bean but we did invent the carrying case. 

NB: 
Almost all edible "dishes" and things that allow you to "eat and run" were invented in the good 'ole US of A. 

Exhibit 

A: Hamburger Bun 
B: Ice Cream Cone 
C: Kabob stick (Yes teriyaki chicken put on a stick in California)
D: Hot dog Bun 
E: Bread Bowl

If you have a hankering for food that MOST CERTAINLY DOESN'T SUCK, come one, come all, come here. 

This shit is delicious. Anyone says different - we can take this outside!
I've left my more favourable review underneath because I suppose it still stands but my last visit wasn't very good at all, it was also a strange experience. 
When I went up to order, the girl behind the counter quite clearly didn't like me. I'm not too fussed about big smiley North American service but she was so dour and never looked at me, once I started talking. My burrito (and I've had a few) was chucked together with not much of anything in it. When my girlfriend and our friend ordered, she was all smiles to them! 
Not sure if it's because I is male or maybe it was just my face. 
Anyway..I also ordered and paid for chicken wings which never came. When I went up for a refund (we had finished our meals) a guy at the till apologised a few times and said he didn't know anything about the order. The girl did, but again, refused to look at me or say sorry. Another guy came from the kitchen, also apologised and asked how I'd like my refund. Again, standing next to him, she had a chance to say sorry to me or even to him but never did. I told the guy that it was fine and that I had eaten enough anyway, I'm just interested to know what I did to rub up the staff member the wrong way!Been here a couple of times and I'm impressed. The burrito is the best I've had in Edinburgh. It's also probably the biggest for the cheapest in the quickest time. I would recommend the steak burrito with spicy salsa. It's huge though so you probably don't need to order a side dish to yourself but maybe one to share. I ahem..ordered buffalo wings for myself which are also great but very spicy, I'd recommend a beer or two to cool down with. Interestingly, my girlfrined and I assumed it was a chain because it has that look about it but it's not, there's only the one, and it's in Edinburgh. You'd think they would give it more personality but I suppose the spartan surroundings are cheaper to create and cheaper to clean and maintain.
When it comes to cheap, tasty and convenient Tex Mex style food, I genuinely don't believe anyone does it better than Jack.

Since it opened i have been countless times, and have introduced and recommended this place to many many people, most of who come away with the same satisfaction that only illegal jacks burritos can deliver. 

And thats what this place is about, the burritos.  yes they do other things, and they are all decent enough, but the burritos are out of this world.

First of all, everything is made fresh.  I was past every morning on the way to work and regularly see the deliveries going it.  Not once have I seen a jar, can or tub of anything, what I see are hundreds of fresh tomatoes, onions, avocados etc being unloaded that get turned into the various fillings (guacamole, salsa etc).

The meat (chicken, beef or pork) are cooked in a delicious marinade, and if you prefer both the chilli and veggie chilli are outstanding.

The beauty is though that is up to you how its made, for anyone thats not been - the concept is similar to that of subway sandwiches, you line up, you pick your base, you choose all the toppings and extras etc.  They have a selection of meats, veggie options, even haggis plus a selection of beans and salsas plus cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  you pick the contents, they wrap this beast of a burrito in tin foil and then you can eat in or take out.  To top it off, they have a Louisiana Hot sauce available to add as you eat, and its really tops the whole thing off. I have never witnessed anyone finish one and still be hungry, in fact more often that not people cant finish the whole thing its that big!

If eating in, there are plenty of seat and they have a good selection of drinks inc Brew Dog beer.

Although the quick turnaround means that its always fairly easy to get a seat, they will happily reserve a table for small or large groups (even using twitter, which is a nice touch).  

When it comes to Tex Mex, this isn't just the highest quality I have found, but its also great value for money, the actual restaurant is really nice, its incredibly quick and convenient and one that I have developed a strange sense of loyalty to, due in part to the obvious passion and hard work of Mr Jack and the pride he clearly (and quite rightly) has in this place.
Maybe some outrageously good Tex-Mex experiences have made me a little jaded or maybe all the reviews on here made me hope for too much, but this was simply not all that great. Sure, the burritos and quesadillas (the two dishes my wife and I tried) are huge, but the fillings are bland and mushy and adding extra toppings to fix the taste issue will quickly make things even more overpriced.

This simply isn't good Tex-Mex. Kudos for trying - the guacamole wasn't bad - but right now, all you'll find here are some lifeless rice, beans, and tortillas wishing for a bit of spice and a whole lot less mush.
Illegal Jack's didn't float my boat. For quality, we found Tex Mex, on Thistle Street, incomparably better. And I didn't find it particularly cheap, either. My two courses plus a drink (a very tasty Thistly Cross cider) cost 20. You can eat lunch in many, many better places in Edinburgh for that money.
illegal jack's is one of my favourite eateries in edinburgh. there are so, so many things i like about it. 

- i like the fact it is very business savvy about keeping in touch with customers via facebook and twitter
- you can reserve tables by tweeting, and they never mess up your reservation
- the staff are efficient, and seem to genuinely enjoying working there, which is always lovely to see
- they have carefully stocked their bar with locally sourced scottish suppliers such as thistly cross and brewdog. they introduce it in stages and obviously care about if they are getting it right (which they are)
- they serve margaritas by the pitcher, and they are yum!
- they have recently started serving prosecco - YES!
- they no longer laugh at me when i ask for my burrito sans beans and rice (but with guac and jalapenos please!)
- my burrito (which is probably just a giant fajita) is always so bloody delicious. i always get the chicken, and i am always happy!
- the music is really great
- the prices are very reasonable
- the atmosphere is always just right - there is a lovely buzz to the place
- you never have to wait long to get a table
- it is a 'fast food' restaurant, but you can stay for as long or as short a time as you like, and staff are always very accomodating and friendly
- their hot sauce is delicious!
- it is a great pre night out place to grab a filling bite to eat for cheap
- jack always sends across tortillas and dips for the table to share if you book your table in advance, which is a really nice touch.

i live in london now and i wish illegal jacks moved down with me!
Always 100% top quality! So many combos, mix up as you like! What ever you want, how you want it. These guys are great, you can tweet to reserve a table AND change the music - interactive to the next level! Great fun, staff are great, yum, no fuss filling food - done. Margarita pitchers - hidden but awesome!
It's fitting that my first review on Yelp is of Illegal Jack's, a place that I have grown to love over the last year. 

I first discovered Illegal Jack's via Twitter where this friendly eatery was chatting away with Edinburgh locals and international Tex-Mex lovers alike and was impressed that you could reserve a table with a tweet, a practical use of social media that continues to set Jack's apart from other restaurants. Check them out on facebook too to see why so many of us regulars have become "jackaholics".

The main event on the menu is the mighty burrito, a large, freshly steamed flour tortilla wrapped around your choice of fillers & grillers. Spiced rice, rich tomato black beans, sweet oniony pinto beans, smoky bbq carnitas pork, tender marinated beef, succulent chicken, haggis, veggies haggis, veggie chilli, three salsas, jack cheese, jalapenos, sour cream, gaucamole & hot sauce in any combination you like!

My current favourite is spiced rice, pinto beans, chicken, touch of carnitas, roasted salsa, cheese & lashings of smoked chipolte hot sauce. Mmmmmmm... 

Other highlights are the sizzling fajitas, chilli bowls, nachos and  Quesadillas (watch out these are volcanic when first cooked, burnt my tongue once in my haste) 

The hot sauce selection is awesome, with some special yet dangerously hot numbers kept on lock down in the kitchen but available upon request! The insanity hot sauce is really only for the, well, insane as it is ridiculous if you have more than a few drops.

With a fine selection of brew dog beer and thistly cross cider, wines and soft drinks as well as the infamous margaritas pitchers there's plenty of liquid refreshment to quell the heat and keep the banter flowing over one of the vibrant weekend nights at Illegal Jacks's.

Fresh food, friendly service, great music, buzzing atmosphere and plenty of online banter make Illegal Jack's so much more than just a purveyor of cheap, tasty food. Whether you live in town or are visiting from out of town, Illegal Jack's is well worth a visit.
Right, so I kinda struggled with what the concept of what this place was, then I realised as soon as I got there. It is kinda like a Subway, but with Tex Mex, and waaayyy tastier!
Although, much like subway, I could not eat here every day!

The food here is great. The spices, the endless choices of burritios, taco, quesadilla, different filling salsas, beans. You can pretty much mix it up however you like! And who doesn't love being of charge of what they actually get to eat! That way you can get it as near to perfection as possible!

I ended up having a chicken burrito with pinto beans, roasted salsa, sour cream and jalapenos. My lord this burrito was HUGE!!!! And stuffed full. I was actually impressed she managed to roll it without it exploding everywhere like it would have if I have tried to roll it myself. Make no mistake, food here is filling and totally worth it! I was struggling less than half way through, but I had a Man vs. Food moment, I was determined to finish it. And finish it I did. I was totally satisfied and ready for whatever energy-requiring task life were to throw at me!

I loved this little quick eatery, it is totally handy, totally tasty and totally awesome!
I had an analogy all ready about Burritos and how it's impossible to get them too wrong, but my internal censor decided it was a little risque for a family website, so you'll just have to use your imagination.

Anyway, the upshot is that there's a limit to how low you can reasonably score a place like Illegal Jack's.  It sells burritos, nachos and other assorted faux-Mexican delights.  What's not to like?

Well, it's ok - but compared to places like Los Cardos in Leith or Pinto in Glasgow who do this sort of thing really well, the shortcomings of Illegal Jacks become clear.

Your 6.50 (add more if you want a non-veggie filling, and more again if you want something as extravagant as a bit of sour cream) buys you a flour tortilla filled with a slightly sloppy mixture of rice, beans, and your filling and salsa of choice, and optional extras like jalapenos/cheese etc.

It's a formula that works well elsewhere, but here the whole thing ends up being a little bit bland and flavourless, which is really the only unforgiveable sin when it comes to Mexican food.  I'm not some insane chilli-head with an asbestos tongue, but I found myself having to make liberal use of the hot  sauce to try and liven things up a bit.

It's a nice enough place though - service has been good whenever I've been in.  A slight downwards adjustment in price and upwards adjustment in flavour should be all it takes to add at least one extra star to the review.
"Son, she said, have I got a burrito for you
What you thought was just chicken
Was nothing but....

While you were sitting in the booth alone
Waiting for your friends to arrive
Your appetite was growing.
Sorry you didn't get to try the chicken, but I'm glad you ordered the...

CARNITAS. Ohhhh, ohh, it's all about the carnitas
Hey, I, I, like my carnitas on a QUESEDILLA..".**

** To be sung to the tune of Alive by Pearl Jam.

.....Ok, I kind of lost the rhythm there. I got carried away with all the pulled-pork-on-a-toasted-quesedilla excitement. But that kinda sums up my most recent experience at Illegal Jack's. The first thing I remember, and loved the most, was the rockin' tunes on the stereo. This is tex-mex with 'tude. Jimi Hendrix when I walked in, Jimmy Eat World, Pearl Jam, even some old-school Faith No More, a bit of punky The Offspring. Even whilst I sat for an hour waiting for the birthday party to arrive, I was happy as larry with my coke and laptop.

Then the delightful Kelly F surprised me (and herself) but coming in for a sneaky burrito and I got to try a bite of the chicken burrito. I thought I had made my mind up. And as Eddie was wailing out at me over the speakers, I was thinking "chicken burrito noms".

But then the party arrived and I went to order and snap decision BOOM "Carnitas Quesedilla please with pinto beans". And boy am I glad I did. So much so it inspired me to re-write Pearl Jam's Alive as a tribute to the mecca of meaty, cheesy, hot, toasted, tex-mex goodness.

I'm sure reading the other reviews, folk will get an idea of what Illegal Jack's is. Edinburgh's only tex-mex sit-in restaurant that has a unique ordering system: you go up and order as you go, and whatever you order (burrito, quesedilla, tacos) is made there in front of you.

The burritos are EPIC. Huge. Ma-hoosive. As I heard someone describe them, like the size of a small baby. The quesedilla is perhaps more moderate but the extra cheese makes up for that. Fajitas are sizzling. And the margarita pitchers work a treat.

But that's what the food is. (It's good). There's also the whole atmosphere. It's such a friendly place. It's big, it's kind of 'diner-ish' and not like a proper restaurant. But I love that about it. It's communal, big benches, a few smaller booths. Free wifi, totally happy for me to rock up and rock out to their tunes on my laptop with only a coke whilst waiting an hour for friends to arrive.

The question I asked myself last night whilst re-composing Pearl Jam was "why do I not come here more often?" A rhetorical as there is no answer. The only solution is that I SHOULD come here more often.
Burrito Beats Burger. Simple as that. Also my wee one always gets a baby burrito, nothin quite like baby meat.
I love the food at illegal jacks! I'm vegetarian so can only vouch for the veggie meals there (although my friends & boyfriend who I dine with there seem to get on fine with the meat too)
Unlike the other reviewer I love the fact you can add on what you want, choose extras etc... you can have 100's of combinations just the way you like!
The burritos are HUGE... one of those & no sides is filling enough for me! Have tried the quesadillas before, they were nice too. I really like the casual dining, you go sit where you want, order when you want.... its so relaxed. I know a lot of people don't, if you are one of those people who needs to be fussed over & served then I wouldn't bother coming here. Its super fast though & they do take away. Prices are pretty good, its the booze that I find expensive so usually give that a miss out. Usually costs me 7ish for a huge burrito with extras in it, & usually I can't finish it. They home make a lot of the stuff there, guacamole is lovely but they quite often run out. The dcor is simple... lots of benches & a few booths. The music is really good, not something I would listen to normally but such a change from usual. 
Now onto the downsides... i'm sorry but the staff. :( they are pleasant but don't ever expect any banter out them, even if you are a regular... come on... a smile wouldn't hurt. None of them seem very happy to be honest, which sort of goes against the "WE ARE NOT A CHAIN vibe" they try so hard to give off... which leads me to another point... "jack" or the owner or whoever. You cant go on a review site without him giving feedback to ever single post, fair enough its good that he is taking compliments & criticism, but starting fights over twitter or review sites is just not cool... let your food do the talking mate, its good stuff!
Anyways, if you want a good quick meal I would defiantly recommend it.
What a disappointment. If you have ever had mexican food before do not come here. I may be from California but that doesn't mean I have some extraordinarily high standards cause I've been an expat for almost a decade now... so my standards have gone down a bit. Also my partner is from Glasgow and wholeheartedly agrees that this place SUCKS. 

I never knew one could mess up salsa, but even with all the choices you have for your burrito ours tasted like an uninspired insipid mess of  "stuff". Not even real food, but stuff that you're not sure what it is cause it all tastes in the same flavorless way. I can't even describe how disappointed I was cause its SO HARD to mess up assembly line burritos! I mean just add some onions, garlic and tomato concentrate to white rice and there you have some tasty mexican rice, Flavor folks! I wish I could get into that kitchen and teach their staff how to cook easy, tasty mexican food.

If there were awards for flavorless food joint this place would take first in my book. Its over priced and seriously bland stuff.
I had my first taste of Illegal Jack's during the Yelp Springtime Spectacular event when the friendly chef graciously handed out his amazing beef chilly which he proudly boasts to have cooked for up to 10 hours (if I remember correctly)...

I was determined to have more!

Went to the restaurant recently as my friends and I had a little get together. Having tried the chilly, I decided to have the burritto. Since I still have my Scottish tourist hat on, I decided let's go with the Scottish flavour and order the Haggis burrito with pinto beans and loads of cheese.

After I took a bite I sat quietly enjoying it. My friends noted my silence and asked how was it, stealing a bite, they were quite pleasantly surprised despite not being haggis fans.

Their order of the quesadillas and nachos were pretty nice too!

Anyway, about the restaurant, it is a bit of a Subway concept, in which you go to the counter and tell them how you want them to make your food. The food is a bit pricey but the portion is large.

With the added bonus of good company, I enjoyed myself :) Ok for a group of 6.
The grub fills you up and is really fast, so a place for a quick stop if you need to catch that movie or are about to go into the Usher Hall/Picture House for a music fest. Talking of music, there's always great tunes. 

I'm really not a fan of the burritos, so I always stick with nachos and they're usually decent. I find it quite expensive for what it is as the scran is all pretty much pre-prepared. But it fills a hole and staff are very friendly. Extra points for the ambience, as the restaurant is social media savvy and is happy for people to hang out and play board games/chat/use the wifi.
Pretty average southern American fast food place. Had it in mind to visit for quite a while and since mentioning that I've finally done it friends have pointed out that the burritos are what one should order to get the best out of the place. Why though should one dish, by the sounds of it, be world beating and the quesadilla (which I went for) nothing special? Who knows. Service was fine, cutlery cunningly hidden (if available at all) and atmosphere reasonable seeing as the piped music pretty much kept in with the place's theme (i.e. it was various sorts of rock) but I'll not be rushing back.
Hmmmmm really just not sure about this place at all, went for a lunch and just wasn't impressed. I had the quesadilla with carnitas which was ok, we also got chicken wings and they were well awful! Cold, greasy and just not very good.

The search for good tex-mex goes on!
I remember when Illegal Jack's first opened and i was soooooo excited that finally Edinburgh had a place that made proper burritos.  the first few times i went the excitement stayed and i enjoyed the food, but on my last few visits i feel like things have started to slide a bit.

last night the boyfriend and i decided it was time to put the christmas tree up and get some takeaway for dinner.  burritos and tortilla chips was quickly agreed on so we headed to lothian road.  the place was rather empty, but considering it was a monday night this was hardly surprising.  what was surprising though was the incredibly slow and poor service.

we got in the queue, only two people before us and waited a few minutes.  when it was my turn to order i stepped up and the girl walked away from the counter...umm what?  she then put a tortilla in the steamer and was like oh, i'll help you in a minute and then looked like she was about to prepare someone else's order but then turned back to me and asked what i wanted.  my burrito was made promptly and i paid and then my boyfriend stood waiting to be helped and the girl behind the counter proceeded to ignore him and walk away.  yet again, um what?  she seemed to be the only one serving as she brought some fajitas out to a table but then just stood by the kitchen as if waiting for other items.  after another few minutes a different girl appeared and decided to take my boyfriend's order.

after another wait to get some tortilla chips and dip we finally exited the near empty restaurant to head home.  the burritos were good, but they weren't great and i felt like the salsa had a kick but sort of lacked any actual flavour.  the guacamole was a bit bland as well and i found the carnitas in my burrito were a bit on the dry side.  so overall after a poor customer service experience the food was a bit of a let down as well.  i'll be taking my tex mex cravings to the much tastier establishment near my flat next time.
This review is long overdue, as I was one of the first people to go here when it first opened.
My reason for trying it out so hastily was because I was unable to find a place for a decent burrito in Scotland (tried finding a place in Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Stirling, but to no avail). I tried my luck here, and I was impressed.

Granted, the burritos were nothing compared to what you get in San Francisco, but the owner seems to have done his research, and learned how to make burritos. One big plus was that although he had a kitchen in the back, he kept the store front similar to what you see in California, where the ingredients are kept warm in plain sight of the customer (cafeteria style). He also had a tortilla steamer! A simple, but easily overlooked tool several other Mexican restaurants in the area got wrong.

This place gets five stars mostly because you can tell the owner worked hard to make good quality Mexican food, the way it should be made. Definitely the best Mexican fast food you'll find in Edinburgh!
I really rate this place! It might not be traditional Tex Mex, but it has great beer, nice food and friendly staff. Pretty much tried all the burrito fillings now I think. Also bonus veggies and vegans can get well fed here so the better half approves too. My fav so far is the haggis burrito either the Veg or regular (starting to realise a lot of my reviews mention haggis mmm).
I've been away from California for too long, because I'm upgrading my review.

Recently, after a loooooooooong day of chasing the sales, I needed food STAT.  We were on Lothian Road, THB was closed and Illegal Jacks was the closest eatery so we went for it.

I was pleasantly surprised at the nice girl serving who asked if I wanted a normal burrito or the deal which was a small burrito and a drink for 5.  Normally those items would cost nearly 9 so this was a bargain.  Especially as the "small" burrito was still massive and shared between us.
I learned on this visit that in order for these burritos to have anything close to proper flavour, you need to spring for the extras - I got jalapenos and sour cream on our carnitas burrito which improved it greatly.

Unfortunately we also got the hot wings (a change from last time's cajun wings) which were coated in a very sour vinegar-ey sauce that was almost the least-nice thing I've ever tasted.

A "small" burrito, two drinks, and wings were 12.  Still pricey, but the combo deal made it much better and the addition of the jalapenos helped incredibly.
Some people i talk to moan about the service but I have to say it's not that type of place where you sit down and order, as it's get your burrito, pay and eat.  It's simple and basic - which I love. 

I'm a regular to Jack's and more or less every-time i get a brilliant burrito.  I choose mainly between the Carnitas or the chicken filling or completely go off the scale and order Quesedilla!

Defo try the carnitas, I usually go for the mild salsa and the pinto beans.

Please don't expect TABLE service because you won't get that and remember to clear your table otherwise chill out and listen to the old school rock!
Quick and simple while still serving good filling food I can't fault Illegal Jack's. Be it a bowl of chilli or a burrito, there is very little waiting around, this is Tex-Mex fast-food style. The staff are pleasant and efficient rather than friendly, but that is ok as you won't be interacting with them for longer than it takes to roll a burrito.

Alongside the decent food you can get a decent drink, be it BrewDog beer or Thistly Cross cider. All in all Illegal Jack's is a good example of a different way to approach fast-food.
Being round the corner from my work, I often go to Illegal Jacks.

Illegal Jacks is fast, fresh and healthy. They have a great selection with burritos, nachos, enchiladas and fajitas. You order at the counter and the burritos are made in front of you with a great selection of fillings, beans, salsa and sides like sour cream - I highly recommend the beef or the pork, so yummy! The burritos are huge too, delicious and definitely worth the money.

My go to is beef burrito, with pinto beans, mild salsa, cheese and sour cream but for the heat fiends among you, the hot salsa is hot!

Although there is often a queue (and why wouldn't there be its so yummy), you are never waiting long but it can be busy at lunchtime/dinner time for a table, but you can always book in advance if going with a larger party. They also do a lunch deal, of a drink and a burrito for a 5!

Perfect if you love mexican food and for cheap, fast and healthier eats.
I'm a big fan of Mexican food. Actually, looking at me, I'm just a big fan of food... but Mexican especially.

Jack's is one of the finest places I've ever eaten any kind of food - and it's by far the best Mexican I've encountered in my travels in Scotland.

The decor is bright and friendly, without falling for that WACKY and ZANY trap so many places want to force down your throat these days. The menu is simple to understand - I ordered correctly the first time I visited, idiot proof may well be the word. Looking at the prices, they are slightly higher than other Mexican places I've tried, but you more than get your money's worth in quality AND quantity.

Last time I was there, I was pulling a Johnny No Mates and dining alone. I was concerned about getting a seat - enquired on Twitter and reserved a seat there and then. The Twitter feed for Jack's is one of the best customer service providers I've seen in some time - make use of it!

My burrito was just the right temperature, made and rolled expertly, and approximately the size of Falkirk. Danged tasty too, it has to be said.

It's a 5 minute walk from Haymarket station, even for an anti-fitness freak like me, and in a prime area for getting a taxi or bus afterwards to wherever you may wish to roam.

Highly recommended for all Mexican food lovers everywhere. Arrrriba!
Meat was really dry...
Really greasy with no spice...
Was disappointed!

...On a side note, I'm wondering if they seasoned either the pork or the beans with  cinnamon...
Good tex-mex food for Scotland ;) big and filling! Just wish Britain could figure out how to do mexican (spanish) rice right!
Fine restaurant where the food is delicious, service quick and friendly and location is spot on. Carnitas is always good, especially is a burrito!

This place always goes down well with all my friends who visit Edinburgh as everyone can find something they like or something new to try on the menu, depending on how adventurous they're feeling!
I can't fault this place.

I remember first coming here in January 2010 for a celebratory meal after getting a new job. Having lost count of the number of times I've been back since, it's one of my favourite places to eat in Edinburgh. The staff are quick and friendly, the food is top notch, the selection of beers and ciders is great (Brewdog and Thistly Cross? Score one for the local produce!) and it's really making me hungry just typing this now.

Only problem is that they're not open 24 hours and they don't deliver!
The best Burrito I have had in Scotland. Also when you add the lunch special is only 5 for a burrito and a drink unbeatable. I will say though I was not impressed with the toilets. It was dark and it looked like the cubical handle had broken off a few times. But I can't wait to go back again!
I used to really like Illegal Jacks when it first opened, then I moved to Leith, discovered Los Cardos and my burrito alliances changed. We were back at IJ recently for a friend's birthday so I was keen to see how it had changed since I last visited a couple of years ago.

It's okay. Most of the group ordered burritos, but I fancied tacos - specifically the hard shell ones Illegal Jacks does. Normally I get half-way through and discover the shell has disintegrated, but this time they actually stayed pretty crispy which was good! The carnitas was odd, seemed quite cinnamony which isn't really what I'd expect and made for a strange flavour combination and not remotely spicy. Also I asked for medium spiced salsa and ended up with the mildest one which was basically just some chopped tomatoes (and I really don't like tomatoes)... hmm, I must have been misheard. The staff too were decidedly production-line like, really different to the friendly guys at LC. My boyfriend, being somewhat merry, was trying to chat to the guy serving us - not obnoxiously or anything, just being friendly - but was completely ignored. The guy did redeem himself somewhat by helping me carry our food to the table though when our food arrived just as my boyfriend nipped to the loo.

Oh and they serve Thistly Cross, and a pretty wide selection of it too, which is always good. But it isn't cheap. The food is reasonably priced, but the drinks are expensive.

None of it is bad, but it's not great either. You could really do a lot worse than pop by Illegal Jacks if hungry in Tollcross.  I'm giving it 3 stars because it's really okay, it just could (and should) be a lot better.
I've been very kind in my rating as I am not a local (from Houston, TX) and have only eaten here once. I dropped in on a whim after working a long shift in Dunfermline as I was staying at the Sheraton across the street. I had high hopes and ordered the wings and a burrito.

The burrito was decent. The steak meat was under seasoned and overall the burrito was quite bland. Fortunately they had Louisianan hot sauce to give it some flavor and kick. The wings were odd and not what I expected. The meat was not fried and sauced like I had expected. Their "hot" sauce was extremely mild and was quite tangy.  

Personally I would not call this place Tex-mex. How can you have Tex-mex without refried beans, mole, lengua, and menudo?
This place is really busy and popular for some reason however I don't understand the appeal. I had a burrito and it was very disappointing, it was huge but did not taste nice at all. I love tex mex usually but will not be returning to this place.
If you'd have told me this morning that by lunch time I'd be not only eating, but also enjoying a quesadilla stuffed with haggis - I would have likely hit you with one of the following 3 phrases:

1. Get outta town chump
2. What u smoking there, bub? 
3. Whatchu taking about Willis?

But the truth is that to have tried and ultimately wolfed down the Illegal Jacks Haggis Quesa, I feel like I'm at a kind of year 0 point in my life - I mean what else may be around the next corner: cheddar and sushi? Brie and swordfish? Gouda and unicorn steaks...? 

What really topped off this 7 feast was the extra gucamole and sour cream which added a few new flavours and dimensions to the meal, with a single portion without drink swelling my belly up for the rest of the afternoon.

My dining chums all ate for a similar price - with bowls of homemade chili and a burrito that could only be described as mammoth barely getting dented. Illegal Jacks looks like a fairly generic quick stop dining place, but delivers so much more in terms of quality of food, value and attention to detail in the taste. 

I was obviously delighted to see a fully stocked fridge with around 5 different Brewdog bottled beers - less delighted that it was lunch time and was gonna have to leave the drinking alone till tonight. 

Overall - if you're in Edinburgh or visiting sometime soon - Illegal Jacks has to be the place to go!
Love the food here. I've been 2-3 times over the last couple of years and always had a good meal.

I've read through some of the previous comments, and think some of them are a bit unfair. In my opinion, it's good food at a good price, I suppose, it says what it does on the tin!

Pulled pork ... delicious!
Twice I have been here now and there are only some good things about this place. 
1. Fast and Efficient
2. No Nonsense approach to order taking.
3. Friendly staff
4. Good  different food offers
4. Usually plenty of space

As you can tell the above doesn't mention any food, because I found the food to be luke warm, stodgy and difficult to eat. 
I had a Burrito - the aluminium  foil kept getting stuck in the dough and irritated my fillings. 

Nope.
Good. Fast. Tasty. 

But...

Rather expensive and venue is a little tacky. Needs to be cleaner, with more modern, more comfortable seating and the extremely loud 80's and 90's hair metal music definitely took away from the ambiance.

Would go again just for the veggie chilli nachos which were fab. Loads of tasty veg in there. Aubergine, carrots, peppers. Good portion sizes, though presentation was a bit sloppy.

Good with potential for greatness. A Scottish Chipotle.
Illegal Jack's built its reputation through the use of social media to publicise the venue and it is still possible to book a table over Twitter and you'll get a personalised reserved sign on your table.

The format for buying your food is to queue up and order at the counter where most things like burritos or my particular favourite chilli is prepared in front of you then you go to sit down like famous fast food restaurant brands that I won't mention.

The food is really good and as I say, you can't go wrong with the Chilli served with Spanish Rice. There is also a good selection of local beers, including Brewdog and Fyne Ales.

There is always a good music selection playing in the background, not so loud that you can't hear yourself talk but no so quiet that you don't notice it being there.
Haggis burrito? Uhh...Yes. Illegal Jack's is officially awesome...

Myself and a group dropped in here for lunch the other day and I was genuinely impressed. The structure of the place is perfect for a quick lunch, the system being similar to that of Subway, where you go up to the counter, pick and choose what you want and pay at the till. It's quick and easy and removes the hassle of doing lunch in big groups, where ordering alone can be an absolute mission, let alone trying to split the bill.

The menu here is great, with all your typical Mexican delights, along with a few more original Scottish options (most of which involved a healthy dose of haggis). The food is fresh and tasty and the portions are beyond humongous!! I couldn't even finish my burrito which, frankly, is not a problem I have very often. The hot salsa was great - just spicy enough to have a kick but still leave your taste buds in tact - and the guacamole was pretty tasty as well.

The space itself is pretty basic. We sat along a great big picnic bench table, which was ideal for our larger group. The decor was nothing to write home about, but all in all, it was a nice space.

Come here if you're in need of a quick and tasty lunch spot to drop in to over a lunch break from work! It's just what you need!
Clean, quick, and accurate order -- what more could one want from a taco bell drive through!
I'm a frequent customer here- but my advice to anyone ordering from the drive-thru is to order your drink without ice.  Whenever I get it with ice, that's about all I get.  Driving home I'll take three sips and I'll be out of soda!
Fast service and before you go up to the window to pay and get your food they ask if your order is correct on the screen which I like a lot that they do that. I am giving this place a 4 out of 5 stars only because they messed up a part of my order. Besides that I really like this Taco Bell out of a lot that I have been to.
This is our usual tb so I gotta represent.

Good:
Chicken quesadilla

Bad:
Sometimes a long line

One time they forgot to give us the sauce... So not as good!  This last time the guy must have sensed it because he have us like 20 so he made it up to is:)

The order has never been wrong that I can recall.
It's Taco Bell.
Not bad for Taco Bell. Happier Hour has great deals. Aura and Rose are two front end rock stars in my opinion.
Chipotle is the only corporate/chain restaurant I still eat in, for a couple of really good reasons.

First, fresh ingredients and great taste. Not the biggest variety of options, but what they do, they do well.

Second (and this might surprise most people), in addition to their meats being naturally and humanely raised, Chipotle also sources most of its produce locally. They buy direct from local organic farmers and distributors who source from local, organic farms. They are more responsible in this way than many locally-owned places.

Kudos, Chipotle.
The hubs and I attended the musical Hair at Gammage this past Tuesday (thanks Yelp!). We came straight from work and were in need of some dinner. 

This Chipotle happens to be right across the street. Awesometown. 

The place was slam packed. There wasn't one free seat inside or out. So we got in line anyway hoping for a place to sit. I told the hubs what I wanted in the event that I saw a table free up so I could swoop in on it. And swoop I did! 

Everything was good, as always. It was my first time going to this one, and most likely wont go back considering how ridiculously busy it was, I don't like to have to street fight people for a place to eat my dinner.
i'm a HUGE fan of the restaurant and the menu.  i've been eating at various locations in Phoenix, Tucson, and other cities.  This particular location keeps getting worse with servings and if you ask for an extra scoop you get attitude. Management is nice, but they need to work on their employees and serving ammount. my burrito bowls i've gotten lately are for babies.
My regular fast food joint. This location, directly across from campus is always busy, but never too long of a wait for me. I generally try to patronize locally owned restaurants, but one of my few exceptions is Chipotle. Organic Black Beans, ethically raised meat sources, no hormones, etc.
Chipotle is definitely one of my favorite quick meal establishments, but this location always seems to make everything far too spicy. I don't know if they are putting too much seasoning on or what, but I've come out of here gasping on some occasions.

I do also agree with Bryan S. that the employees are of a lower caliber than usual and the servings sizes are all wrong. I've never come out of a Chipotle hungry until I started visiting this location.
I always feel like a whale after I eat this but I can't help myself. So good. Line gets long here around lunch but service is quick so it goes by really fast. I love the burrito bowl options because it tricks my body into taking in salad as a meal (although I wouldn't really compare it to a salad haha).
This location happens to be across the street from ASU so you can imagine how extremely busy it is...ALL THE TIME! The parking lot is way to0 small as well as the amount of seating. Given its busy-ness they might want to think about expanding to accommodate those that would like to eat "for here" rather than "to go." I also hate the chairs. Call me picky but the seat bottoms have a weird slant to them. Overall the whole arrangement in this store and actually all the stores isn't very appealing.

That out of the way...I am addicted to the Veggie Bowl: rice, blk beans, pico, corn, cheese, and avocado (ps. avocado is no charge with the veggie option). I love it, I love it. 

I haven't had any of the meat choices in quite some time since I discovered the veggie bowl.

This store is consistently good. Thank you!
On a Friday, I ordered a Burritos By The Box. Although I thought that I was going to pick them up at a certain time, I had to call them again and adjust the time. The person over the phone was friendly, nice, and accommodating.

The food there was GREAT! I ordered one of each of the burritos. I think that I would order the barbacoa, chicken, carnitas, and steak in that order. The barbacoa is similar to shredded beef. The cilantro-lime rice is superb.

Overall, the food was AWESOME and I would visit them again.

1-Never again
2-Try once more
3-Average
4-Liked
5-Will come back again

I have also visited their Camelback/Scottsdale Road and Tempe Marketplace location.
I don't mind the occasional lunch burrito here. A filling meal, when you are on a budget
Food is awesome and fresh but some employees have attitudes specially the girl that was incharge of taking orders. Hopefully management does something about it.. overall its a good place to chow down when ur hungry!
Pretty tasty food, i recommend Chipotle often for people on the go or when we have limited time. Sometimes there is a rush of people and it gets insanely crazy with limited seating and long lines, however, the food is still fresh and full of flavor. You can't beat the healthy options, and yes the menu is limited, but it's still very delicious. 
At first i didnt like the lime salt on the chips, but it's grown on me and i can't eat a burrito bowl without them.

Highly recommend if you have to have fast food.
Chipotle is reasonably good, but it is not great.  It is just something to eat.  

Every time I go, I can't figure out why the contents of my burrito are warm to cold.  Would it kill them to serve a hot burrito?

I'll eventually go back, but there are sooo many better places to eat in Tempe.
I'll always be a fan of Chipotle. I've been to this location, and many others and have never had an out of the ordinary experience. I recently tried the brown rice that they offer which is pretty good also.
JUST off campus is a little known place called Chipotle...

I think I came here once a week and always had to wait in a ridiculous line for my barbacoa burrito (extra rice because it's so limey and cilantro-y). So make sure you have some time on your hands if you plan on making the trek over here - and if you're not in the immediate vicinity and need a Chipotle fix, I'd visit another location to avoid the line.

Also, the chips are super good and the guacamole is, too (if you're into that green stuff).
poor service, employee's did not know how to operate register, and manager did not either.
This place is just abnormally fast compared to other Chipoltles.
I have started working closer to this location and go here from time to time after work. I find the staff friendly, the seating perhaps at times a bit cramped and it's almost always pretty busy (which Chipotle isn't) but they do a great job of moving the line along and doing so with a smile. 

It's sometimes difficult to find parking on extra busy days and for some reason the "fresh food" always seems to get cold quickly but I always come out of Chipotle full and usually happen. If there is a tip I can give to regular or new Chipotle eaters is to get a burrito bowl and simply ask for a tortilla on the side. Best of both worlds. Get my bowl and can make my own little burritos.
Always reliable. Always consistent.
Not my first choice, but went there to be with friends.  No complaints. Bright, clean, well organized, and well maintained.  I had the burrito bowl, which is an unwrapped burrito, and my wife had a salad.  The meat is tasty, tender, and nicely done, with adequate char.  The rice is done properly, as are the beans.  The lettuce is good quality.  Good quality food and service.  Solid.
Friendly service! ;) 

Love love love the food! Not sure if its real Mexican food, but make me wanna go to Mexico. ;)
I've only been to other locations around the valley, but finally had a chance to visit during my lunch break with my family. I must say the line looked pretty long as we pulled in to find parking, and we almost left thinking it would take forever. Luckily we didn't leave and to my surprise the line zipped by and everything we ordered was delicious. 

Besides their good food, I was pleased with their customer service and speed. Everyone was friendly even though the place was crowded with students and business people on their lunch break. The manager (?) came around and asked how everything was and gave my family children vouchers for free meals the next time they visited. We were happily surprised with the service and thoughtfulness and a little later when leaving another employee asked if we had a good meal. 

I would definitely come back to this location again:)
Bad service and high prices. Staff is rude. Due to every experience here, my wife and I have found a new place just around the corner (Sombrero's Mexican Grill) fresh and affordable. We will never go back here again.
The food is as good as any other chipotle. The problem with this location is the service. Absolutely horrid. I frequent this location because of its proximity to ASU, and the service is painfully slow no matter how long the line is. The employees have zero sense of urgency and move at a snail-like pace. I've been to many other locations and they all seem to handle long lines relatively quickly; not this one.
I ordered a double burrito, meaning two burritos lengthwise. The incompetent workers then proceeded to fill my scrawny excuse of a burrito with very scant and stingy single scoop portions. I ordered and PAYED for 2 burritos and it came out looking like an average sized burrito! I was a regular customer and I 100% to ever return to this location. Don't go; the people working are imbeciles.
*sniff* I can't believe I was made to cry (on the inside) no less on New Year's Eve. My hubby and I came here thinking we would split a burrito since I know how big the burritos can be at Chipotle.  

We waited in line. I watched the two guys in front of me each get 2 tortillas each for their burrito and the girl behind the line really piled on the rice, beans, and their choice of meat. I was thinking, wow, these burritos are even bigger than what I remembered. 

Then when it came my turn for my burrito, the girl behind the counter took one look at petite me and took out one tortilla and gave me a skimpy serving of rice, beans, and seriously like 5 pieces of meat. I felt so crest fallen.  I looked at the measly portion that was going to be my burrito, I looked at the girl behind the counter and asked why the two guys in front of me got such massive burritos but not me. She just rolled her eyes at me and went on to the next costumer. 

Boy, was I disappointed. And I checked too with those two young guys in case they paid extra for their mega massive burritos. Nope, same price as what I paid. 

I seriously wanted to take a photo of my burrito next to theirs cause mine would look like the runt of the litter. It was so pathetically so much smaller in size. 

I thought maybe it was an off night but from reading the other reviews, many other customers have received the same uneven service. 

Chipotle corporate, you should take note since as corporate you take such pride in providing a good product and service- that is the Chipotle brand and signature. 

Well, this particular location is not making the grade. 

And *sniff* now I know what being an unwanted stepchild feels like. *sniff*.
This Chipotle went above and beyond. I feel that it is too common today for big companies not to take care of their customers, but to give them a product as cheap as possibly while quality and service suffer. I never find that to be the case with Chipotle and especially at this location. I am moving to a new apt and after being mistreated and robbed from Direct TV and Century Link among many others. I felt as if no large company actually valued their customers anymore. This Chipotle ended my day a little better by proving me wrong. I requested steak for my burrito which they were momentarily out of. I had to wait literally less than a minute for the steak to finish being prepared. Because of my brief wait Chipotle comped my meal. Shit if I ordered something from a traditional fast food restaurant it still would have taken longer than the 2 minutes it took to make my burrito. I understand this isn't something Chipotle will do every time in this situation. But I have always had a great experience at Chipotle so on top of that today they reminded me, not only do we put out a great, fast product, we also give a fuck! Thank you to the crew working tonight at 8:30!
Got a burrito bowl (rice, beans, chicken, salsa and guac) and it only came out to 660 calories. C'mon guys, I mean that dude in front of me must've had, like, 750 kcal at least. Way to stiff me on my meal minimum wage worker who I was rude to.
Well, after going to my favorite place around the corner and finding that they were closed,  we came back, even though I said that I wouldn't. Good service and good food. Still long lines. But hey, nothing is perfect.
I ordered a burrito bowl and my bowl was half empty. I was also rushed to make my order even though the two people (in front and back of me) were treated courteously. I will not be going back to this establishment.
I've been going to this chipotle since attending asu in 2008 with absolutely no problems other than an understandably long line. This past month, however, I've visited the Mill location two times, both very disappointing. 

Both visits my barbacoa was not chopped enough and I had to deal with pretty large chunks of meat. 

The service was beyond unacceptable. Staff were talking to each other and ignoring customers, as well as chatting with customers making the already long line even longer. 

It even seemed as though some staff were poorly trained and could not properly prepare or serve a meal. I had to repeat myself multiple times to get my correct order and ended up with a sloppily made burrito.

It's unfortunate that this location had some sort of a slip up... I'm most likely going to have to start going to the Tempe marketplace store if this kind of service keeps up...
I loove Chipotle and this location is definitely convenient for music students as it is right across the street from the school of music at ASU. There is lots of seating and a nice shaded outside seating area. I personally always get my food to go, because it can be a bit loud in there. 

Now for the cons of this particular location: The parking lot is kind of small you might have to wait for a spot or park somewhere else and walk a bit. It does get SUPER crowded during lunch and dinner. I'm talking lines almost out the door. So expect to have to wait a little bit. Like most Chipotle locations they sometimes run out of the ingredients you want when it gets crowded, so you might have to wait a bit longer. 

It's a convenient location, but is also a very busy one so if I'm not at school I'd go to the one in the Tempe Marketplace that's a little bigger.
The slowest, most incompetent chipotle ever. Food is never cooked properly like other locations and the staff is never where they should be working. It is consistently mismanaged like this. Definitely a let down for chipotle. Skip this location.
I really want to love this Chipotle. Yes, they are almost always busy, but it is understandable based on their location. Sometimes the food tastes awesome but sometimes it is oddly flavorless like today. The rice in particular usually has a hint of lime but today it was really bland. Some of the employees will happily add extra corn to my veggie bowl and others seem annoyed to. 

Side note/question: will there ever be green bell peppers in the fajita veggies again or has it been permanently changed to the red ones?
I expect a lot more from Chipotle. I don't know if it's because it's so near a college campus, but the quality here is pathetic compared to every other Chipotle I've been to. The meat is often cold, the rice is hard (likely leftover) at lunch time. The chips are stale/hard/thick and not the light freshly-fried taste that other stores have. The guacamole is just avocado, and nothing else; I've ordered it three times and got only avocado.

I've made complaints through their corporate office and the quality continues to disappoint. I wish there were another Chipotle close to me that I could eat at instead.
Occasionally service is good. 90% of the time the employees are disinterested, rude, and untrained. 
Two things that really bother me:

- The employees are not trained well. How hard is it to teach your employees to drain the beans so I don't walk away with a soggy, falling apart burrito? Or that "light sour cream" means less than a full spoon.

-The restuarant can be empty with the parking lot completely full. 

Honestly, if you have the time, I suggest driving down to Baseline.
This location is a Taco Bell/Long John Silvers combo restaurant.  It stands out because of the guy that we call "Happy Guy".  He works the drive-through and is super friendly.  If you go through the drive-through at night time and he is working, you'll know who I'm talking about.  Another pro on this location - they have never messed up my order (crossing my fingers that I didn't just jinx that.)  The only con about this location is the hours; they close surprisingly early for a fast food restaurant with a drive through.
Kudos for having the coolest staff ever.

I don't recall ever reviewing a fast food place, in fact now that I try to edit the category on yelp for this place, I realize they don't even have a selection for fast-food.   So why review it? 

I'm not going to mention the food so much, however it was good, as much as you could expect from a Taco Bell and Long John Silvers mashup - but who doesn't like some planks of white-fish along side a spicy chicken quesadilla?  I mean come on!

What I am reviewing is the STAFF... I've been through the drive-through a couple times and inside once... Until today I always was like.. many they're kinda friendly there.   Today was no different but I figured after 3 or so times I had to say something.

The people that work there, at least on the speakers and at the counter are really frickin happy and they're really nice and fun.  I don't ask for much when I go get fast-food but the "Happy Guy" as Julie M (only review before me here) makes the experience there fun.  You don't get that much anymore.

So to that kid and the other girl in the speaker box thingy... Thanks - and keep having fun and enjoying your job - I'm glad somebody does these days :)
Like others have said, great staff here. Mary is normally at the front counter with a big smile on at lunch time. Keep people this nice working here and ill keep coming back. You can get decent fast food anywhere, but great service is another story. Great job guys!
Friendly service, brand new store, aka clean. What a Taco Bell should be. Also, there's a Long John Silvers attached.
what can i say its a taco bell lol nothing fancy, a tad on the busy side. came with the husband and 3 kids, had a couple who looked to be in their late 40s maybe 50s say some rude ass shit about how many tacos we got, uh hello i have 3 kids to feed 2 of them who are 8 and 9 year old boys so if my getting 12-14 tacos was too much in your eyes well then you can stuff a taco down ya mouth and choke on it. seemed the people that visit this taco bell are a tad on the rude and uppity up snotty type people. sorry my having 3 kids make your long johns slivers fish meal so unpleasant that you had to sit there and stare and make rude comments under your breath and talk crap to my husband on the way out. over all i would have gave it 3 maybe 4 stars but the people here make it a crappy visit!
This place is one of the better Taco Bells I have been to, the service is usually pretty fast. The employees are cheerful and dish out good manners. It's always clean inside, as well as the bathrooms. And when it is busy they are usually on top of keeping the tables clean. Drive thru is also pretty quick as well. If you are in the mood for tacos and are in the area I recommend stopping at this Taco Bell, it is also a Long John Silvers so if tacos is not what you want you can have some fish
Fast and FRIENDLY! Friendly is the key word. Hard to find a place that also has friendly staff.
Fast food is fast food, you can't compare it to a "real" restaurant.  However, in comparison to other Taco Bell's, this one has been much better than so many others.

They're quick, and the order is always correct.  The food is exactly what I would expect it to be when I decide to come here.  That's all I can ask for.  If I wanted a sit down meal, I'd go elsewhere, but for drive-thru service, I couldn't ask for anything more.

I would say that 99% of the time, the person I speak with is friendly and smiling.  I find it makes me smile back, and that's always a good thing.

The food is good and takes care of those cravings we sometimes get.  I know what I like here, and as long as I get what I want, I'm a happy camper.
Slowest taco bell I've ever been to.
Not all Taco Bells are the same. I don't know what has changed in the last year or so, but this location is soooo sloooow. Several times I have had to wait 15 minutes in the drive thru after placing my order when there were two cars ahead of me. Today, I ordered a mexican pizza and a potato soft taco and they were both tasting of stale oil. Potatos were dry too. I give up on this location.
It's a Taco Bell... How much different could it be from every other Taco Bell out there???

Everything was pretty good here. Average. Nothing to rave about. My nachos bell grande actually had enough of everything on them without making my chips soggy. Especially enough cheese! 

The guy taking our orders was having none of my humor :( 

There are NO mirrors in the bathroom! Wtf is this nonsense? Also, the big wooden stall doors tend to slam. *BAM!* yikes! *jump* *cringe*

I know the water comes out of the same nozzle as a soda, but it came out brownish. I know this because I set my little clear water cup down on the sink. I really really hope that was just soda residue.
They have got to have the worst soda in town. Half the time it doesn't even taste like what you order. And what's with this drive through diet thing they are promoting? It will give you the runs so bad you will lose weight or what?
cheap ... but better than the one on dysart
Always friendly and fast.

The food never seems to be watered down like some other shops we have visited.
Worst service ever!  11 minutes to get my order inside with only 2 people in  front of me.  They pay attention to the drive through only, and that too looks slow. Dont go here!  They are rude too!
Great staff... The young gal at the Drive Thru is amazing.. Very friendly and professional... XXL nacho with xtra beef is the way to go..
Not terrible but not good. We went here the other night and I got fresco tacos and there was hardly anything but lettuce on it! Better luck next time I guess.
Stopped by for a quick lunch on a Sunday.  Parking lot didn't have many cars.  Now I know why.  This place needs a good cleaning (inside and out).  Parking lot had trash everywhere.  I had to wipe the table off with a napkin before I could sit down.  Staff didn't seem too interested in working if you know what I mean.  Management must have taken the day off.  I won't be back ... Ever.
The service is ok, I usually go through the drive thru, always friendly. However, I live 15 miles away, but was the most convenient, and EVERYTIME I get home without checking the order, half of my order is wrong. I began to check my order before I leave and it's been helpful. But I shouldn't have to check their work. I am highly allergic to onions, I always order no onions, and they always put onions on my food, most of the time, it's looks like extra onions. Whenever I get tostadas (figure I would be safe with that), the beans are cold, not cooled off, but actually cold like they took them straight from the fridge. 
Long story short...I won't EVER go back to this location. I will drive the extra 5 to 10 miles to go to somewhere else. On average, I spend $20-30 every time I go, I'm feeding a family of 6. Their loss of my money...so sad!!!
The man we assumed was the manager was too busy joking around with the employees in the kitchen to notice that the dining room floor was littered with trash and table tops were dirty. When I complained that my Sierra Mist tasted like black mold smells, the nice kid at the register was sympathetic and said he'd report it immediately, but thirty minutes later nobody had done anything to the drink dispenser and I winced when two young girls went up to get their cups filled. That manager needs to direct his efforts toward keeping the business clean instead of fooling around with the employees.
I am very disappointed and angry with the way the general manager, Jerry, treated me at this Taco Bell. He called me a liar and humiliated me in front of neighbors and customers who happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. He should be reprimanded for his treatment and mismanagement of a long-time customer, such as myself. 

This is the situation: Last week I placed a sizable order through their drive-thru and when I got home, two of the items that I special ordered were made incorrectly. I live about 20 minutes drive away and did not feel like going all the way back out just for two items, and in addition to the drive and gas cost, I am also handicapped and it is difficult for me to get out and go. I called the location and explained the mishap to the person on the phone who stated they were the manager, who apologized and asked if I could come back to have the items remade. I explained that it was a 20 minute drive each way and I was handicapped and would prefer not to have to go back out that late at night. The manager said no problem and told me they would write my name down so I could have the two items replaced on my next  visit. 

On Feb 13th, about a week after the initial incident, I went into the store to request my two items that were to be replaced on my next visit. After waiting for almost 10 minutes to speak to a manager, I was finally able to speak to a female manager who was clearly not the person in charge because she said she was unable to find my name in their "book" and told me I would have to speak to the general manager Jerry. I watched the woman I spoke with go back to making food, and I could see her speaking to a gentleman across the line from her, who I later found out was the general manager, Jerry. After she spoke to him and told him that I was waiting in the front to speak with him, he continued to make food for at least 7 more minutes before he decided to grace me with his presence. Meanwhile, I am standing in the front of the store, having issues because I walk with a cane and cannot stand for long. After several minutes and seeing that he clearly did not care if I was attended to or not, I had to sit down and wait because I could no longer stand. 

After about 7-8 minutes (17-18 total minutes from the time I entered the store and asked to speak to a manager) Jerry finally came up to the front. I explained what happened and that the female manager was unable to find my name in their book. At that point, without even looking in the "book" himself, Jerry said, "I'm sorry, your name is not in the book so there is nothing I can do for you." I replied, "Ok, so, are you saying that you are not going to replace my items that were incorrectly made? He responded, "That's right!" I was really aggravated at this point. I had stood there and waited  almost 20 minutes for this! I said, "I am really angry that you wasted my time like this, it is the responsibility of the store to write down this information and not my fault that someone did not do their job." He replied, " If it isn't in here, then you didn't call. You could be lying just to get free food for all I know. How am I supposed to know it actually happened the way you said it did?" I WAS LIVID!!!!!!!! To make matters worse, my neighbors were standing there because they happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. I was furious and humiliated. I told him, "Just forget about it, I will take this up with your manager." I asked for his name and left. As I was walking out the door, I turned around to see him laughing! This is absolutely inexcusable behavior for any employee, let alone a general manager!

I went home and called to make a formal complaint about this to his district manager. I hope they do something about this man! How dare he insinuate that I would lie and make up a story to get two measly food items free when I had to drive 20 minutes each way and spend at least $10 in gas to get there! Never again. As long as this man is working at this restaurant, I will never return. I can almost guarantee you that I am not the only person he has mistreated and I won't be the last. People like that have a sense of entitlement and an attitude that berates others and empowers only his own self-inflated ego.
I guess maybe I have been lucky I have had no problems here.
Yup. It's a TacoBell just like every other TacoBell. Which, by the way, begs the question... Why are you looking at a review for TacoBell?

As they go this one is pretty new. Nice. Neat. Clean. Fast. And the people are nice. Better than the average TacoBell.
taco bell yum. i have never had a messed up order from this location. bring back chili cheese burritos and bell beefers taco bell!!!!!
Fast and good.  What more can you ask for
FIRST! K so sometimes, you just gotta have something familiar, simple, cheap! This is that place for the hubby and I. When we don't know what else to eat, we automatically drive to Taco Bell. If we had a programmable location on our car, this would be at the top of the list. Yes, I know TB is not exactly healthy, gourmet, or even real meat, but you know its delicious! Everyone deep down loves some TB but doesn't wanna admit it. This particular location is our favorite mainly because we have watched them go from struggling and retarded to getting our order nailed down to a fine art. Everyone here is always friendly especially the night manager who has been there since the memorable day 3 years ago that we moved to this wonderful town I call The Copa. I am assuming she is a manager because this girl does whatever it takes to make the customers happy and really seems to love her job. I can't see your average TB clerk being that way and sticking around for 3 years! Anyways, when you are sitting around trying to decide what to eat, I recommend going here and getting a few tacos, chalupas, and cheesy bean and rice burritos. Trust me, you wont be sorry... while eating them that is, might be sorry later though!

PS: Try their new verde salsa and the fire roasted salsa (on cheesy items). They are terrific!
Never eating here again. They did something to my Chulpa. I have diaherrea. Everytime I buy food here, they get my order wrong.
Lets be honest...it's Taco Bell. It is meant to be cheap and yummy.I fed my family of 6 for about twenty bucks. I personally love the Volcano Tacos. I ate them for a month straight when they came out. While I am fifty pounded overweight bIecause of Doritos, I don't really like the Doritos tacos. The order was correct,  we all ate and no one is sick. Not a bad experience.:
Worst taco bell ever. Found mold on my tortilla and went back to complain and get my money back. So I go there and ask for my money back and they say they don't give money back. I show the manager the food and tells me its not mold. I'm lookin at her crazy rite, and she tells me I did it. I damn near hit the floor. She starts telling her co-workers its not mold. I just couldn't believe it.she gave me back my money for the one taco not the whole order. I'm just very disappointed on how they handle complaints over there. They lost a customer and friends and family I know. Beware of bad quality food they just don't care.
Horrible place. Went there last week and after I had placed my order I drive up and they tell me they have just ran out of beef! WTF?! Taco Bell out of beef!?! Just ridiculous. So went back today I ordered a salad, the fiery box and a side of lava sauce. First off the tacos looked like they were wrapped by my 3 yr old, produce was falling out of the bag, tacos were not placed in a "box", container with lava sauce not even a third way full, plus it has a funny smell to it, no fork with my salad and to top it all off I found a strand of hair in my salad!!!!! Only giving it 1 star because I have to give it something. On my way back to get my money
Reasons not to eat here: HAIR ON MY FOOD. EXPIRED SAUCE. DIARRHEA. RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.   I had 2 bad experiences here and my last because I won't be coming back. On my first visit I ordered a Big Box through the drive-through. I drive up to the window and they tell me they are out of beef!? Seriously? Taco Bell out of beef? Lol I guess... 

On my second visit I decided to give this place another shot. Everything about my order seemed wrong.

My Order:
I ordered a Fiery Box with a cherry limeade, a Catina Salad Bowl and a side of Lava Sauce. 

What was wrong:
There was Hair on my cantina bowl!!! Disgusting! Lava sauce tasted and smelled really bad and expired like it was left out for a few weeks. I ALWAYS order a side of lava sauce so i know what its supposed to taste and smell like. My Fiery Box order was not in a "BOX" and just thrown in the bag, Not a big deal but they could've at least wrapped it up properly, the produce fell out and was all over in the inside of the bag. My cherry limeade tasted like they poured cough syrup into it.

I drove back to Taco Bell to make a complaint. I asked for the night manager and  spoke to some Hispanic guy, I didn't get his name. Told him about the hair in my salad and was very inconsiderate, condescending, and rude. He acted as if I had put it in there. He said "why is the hair perfectly placed in the middle? I know we didn't put it in there", I wanted to hit the guy and shove his head up where the sun don't shine. I have nothing to gain by placing a piece of hair on my 4 dollar salad and driving all the way back their, I know I wouldn't  get a million bucks back,  I didn't even want a refund I just wanted to bring it to their attention. Even if i had intentionally put the hair in the salad, customers should be given the benefit of the doubt. I was honest and told him I placed it in the middle so I could take a picture of it and post it on yelp for everyone to see. DUH!? It was difficult to take a good picture of it the way the hair was positioned in the salad. One of the employees said he was sorry and I said  thanks and that obviously your manger isn't sorry. The manager gave me a refund for only the Salad and the cherry limeade and not the entire order. If I was the owner of this establishment I would've refunded the entire order and even gave some kind of coupon for a free meal or something. The manager told me to leave and to never come back. Lol. WOW
I AM DONE WITH TACO BELL!
Great service the people here where friendly but at the same time it's Taco Bell people know what to expect as far as food quality
It's Taco Bell.  If your not ordering with the expectation of future diarrhea, you're only fooling yourself.  

There seems to be high turn around of staff here.  Each time I've gone thru the drive thru, whomever was working seemed like they were doing the very best they could with what they were doing.  Friendly, most likely underpaid, and just trying to make ends meet.  I've never experienced rudeness which is huge.

As for mixed up orders, burnt items, missing items, and sauce all over the outer wrapper--occasional yes to one or all.  Check your bags first.  If they are wrong, they are happy to fix it.  Save some Tums for later.
We had yo stop going here. We had so many bad experiences. We order their decent tocos that are 4 and 5 bucks and they kept giving us the cleap 99 cent tocos. Not okay.  We have had sour tasting meat, and some foul smelling lettuce. The workers tend to be helpful and very nice. But the food isn't any damn good. We have had them over charge us. Most recently we were double charged and when they had to refund me they short changed me $8 which I had to go back and demand it. The girl who had done it had just got off work and they said her cash drawer was over by $10 and that they would just give me the 10 and call it even. A nice gesture and honestly I wouldn't complain but what bothers me is that this worker was over charging customers and instead of righting the wrong they just "called it even" what about the other person/people who realized they were over charged and it was too late? Haven't been back and unless there's no other alternative we Dont plan to go back. This is not a usual experience for us at Toco Bell, just seems to be the one here in Maricopa.
I love Taco Bell and probably eat here too much.  This is one of the best I have ever been to.  Service is super fast and everyone is really nice.  If you live on the west side, give this store a try.
Ok, I know it was a fast food but they have excellent service and ok fast food.  My hubby love Taco Bell, so we come here once in awhile.
Best Taco Bell in the west valley. Service is consistently fast and friendly. Food is good. Good job!
I dont understand how taco bell is still in business in AZ where there are hundreds of great mexican restaurants. Taco bell is garbage!
Rather than drone on about the bad things, the good things were:

- The waiter kept the drinks (diet coke) full
- The waiter, albeit a bit all over the place, was generally a very nice guy.
- The French fries I had with my hamburger were really good.

I've found that I goto chilis when,

- There isn't anyplace else around
- My wife makes me(*)

meh...its Chilis. Everyone knows what to expect there and this was the usual experience. Not great but also not bad.


* This was why I was there this evening.
Pretty much what I expected from a chain restaurant.  Came here with my inlaws.  The potato soup was good.  The sliders were pretty good.  The service was good.  Nothing really special, but quite satisfactory.
Chilli's is always a good place whether it's your primary destinatio or your backup. The one out on Signal Butte gets pretty packed during the lunch and dinner hours because there's not very many sit down restaurants in the immediate vicinity.
While we did have a large party on a friday night we expected the wait to be a bit long... but not 50 minutes... then it took forever to get our drinks. We got no crayons for the kids even after we asked. It took 30 mins to get the appetizers & salads... Im not sure if the waitress was just overwhelmed but we got only 1 refill and that wasnt until the manager came over with our dinners which was served to adults first then kids 5 minutes later... overall I think this was the worst experience we have ever had at a Chili's... the 2 stars is soley for the food, which was good ...
Ordered TOGO from here a few weeks ago and when I got it home they had forgot both sides to my ribs. We ordered 2 rib meals. I called and the restaurant and she said that we could have a comp meal the next time we ordered. 

I believe I spoke with a manager as I gave my name and phone number.  A few weeks later I called to redeem my meal and place an order, but the person I spoke to said they don't do comp meals and would've sent me something in the mail.

I never received anything. I didn't get the name of either person I spoke with but I'll never eat there again. I live in Queen Creek so it's a 30 min drive to pick it up in the first place.

With all the restaurants out there competing I'll take my business elsewhere.
My husband and I frequent Chili's a lot.  The price is great for a sit-down restaurant with good food.  This was our first time to this location, though.  I wasn't impressed.  It felt more like a Denny's than a Chili's.  Makes for a less than desirable date location.  

We always get the chips and salsa as appetizers.  Fun appetizer for eating and chatting.  I love the steak fajitas.  Can't go wrong.  

I recommend Chili's wholeheartedly, but if you're going to go to Chili's, skip this one.  Drive another couple miles to the one on Power.
What can you say about Chilis... it's a Chili's! The menu has improved quite significantly though...
We visit this place regularly.  I always end up getting the triple dipper appetizer for dinner.  Never been disappointed.  Happy hour in the lounge is a great excuse to get out without having to put up with the regular bar scene.
I don't live near a Chili's so I don't frequent them often.  We were across the street at the swap meet so we decided to run in for lunch.  I will say there are no vegetarian options on the menu which is a pain.  I ordered the Guacamole for us and it was surprisingly good for a chain.  I also ordered a  quesadilla salad minus the chicken which turned out to be better than you would expect.  Our waitress was very nice, but she really assumed we had eaten there before and we were all confused by the weird menu.  Everything seems to be ordered in multiples of 3 or 2.  I guess their thing is to configure your own meal.  If you don't frequent Chili's I guess you should let them know before you order.
Food is always good but service is mediocre at best, its like a hit in miss with a good one and a bad one.
This visit to Chili's was just A-OK. I did have an excellent El Presidente Margarita - Strawberry. Yummy! However, I ordered their Chicken Honey Chipotle Crisper's, meh. 

My wifey ordered their 3 Dipper platter, which she enjoyed. :)
My wife and I go here quite often and try to get in early, like between 5-6 because it is always super busy later on in the evening. Thats a good sign in my book! They have made a mistake once or twice, but are always willing to fix the problem cheerfully. Will continue to frequent here.
I hate it when the server doesn't know the menu.  Even worse when the appetizer and the main course arrive at the same time.  Add to only receiving our bar drinks five minutes earlier made for a very rushed meal. The manager was kind enough to comp our aps, but she could have done more.  The kitchen was supposedly backed up, so they held off seating people until the kitchen could catch up.  Now with at least six empty tables, why couldn't they seat us and provide us with drinks, space out the aps and main course, and everyone would have been happy.  I think the blame falls on the management on this one.  The food however was good, not exceptional, but chain restaurant, you really can't expect superior food, but its fine for after a movie.  A nice change from the local pizza joints.
Happened to be in the neighborhood and since we had a coupon for a free appetizer we decided to stop and have an early dinner. There was plenty of parking
We got there early, 5 PM, was seated in the back, only a couple of tables from the server's station.. The food was good and hot which is pretty consistent with all the other Chili Restaurants. Server was attentive.
My wife had the Southwestern Eggrolls for her dinner and I had the classic Bacon Burger.  Everything was good as usual.
When we left, the place was filling up for a Thursday.
Real bad experiance...feel like its a rip off. They're food is frozen.
Every time I come to this location the service is terrible even though they assign two waiters per table.  The food is pretty good but I sure wish they would figure out how to train/hire good wait staff.
Did the two for $20 deal.  I had the 6 oz.  light sirloin and it was cooked perfectly and was very juicy. They were a little slow bringing out the appetizer,  but not to slow that our dinner beat it out. We didn't say anything,  but the waitress apologized and when our bill came the manager came over and said she took some money off because they were slow getting our appetizer out.  Amazing!  That's customer service - when you don't even have to ask!
I wanna like this place, but service is so horrible.  Never a manager in sight either.  Waitress forgot appetizer, forgot to bring wine, i actually went to ar and picked up myself and glass was dirty.  Been several times and lways the same.  Chilis no more.
Went there for dinner last night and it took over 1.5 hours 

We were seated right away and then nothing for 15 minutes.  The hostess actually came back and took our drink order and another 10 minutes our drinks were delivered.

Finally an actual waitress came and took our order.  Food took at least 20 minutes to come out 

I ordered the buffalo chicken salad and my husband the trio fajitas. The salad was yummy. The steak and chicken were good for the fajitas but the shrimp was gross 

Normally we like chili's but this experience was horrible
Sad to say but this review won't be a good one. Perhaps if we chose to sit in the normal seating area things would have went different. We sat in the bar & there was only 1 waitress to service the whole area & of course it's super bowl sunday. 
Waters had floaties-yuk. The waitress says it looks like it's from lemons so of course we say we didn't have lemons with our water. So we get some new waters. Next is the appetizer- chips, salsa & bean dip with a side of hair in the beans. The kid's fries came with a complimentary salt like. So much salt on these bad boys you'd think it was a cured prime rib. Chicken came out raw so that went back to the kitchen. 
But my favorite of all the unpleasantries was the fact that I had to try & enjoy my meal with a stack full of dirty plates in my face the whole entire meal. 
My girlfriend had a nice friendly chat with the manager & he comped our entire meal. I always feel bad for complaining but there was so much wrong that sometimes you gotta stand up & say something.
You pretty much know what you're getting when you eat at Chilis...but my problem was with the service.  I am not a needy patron, but our drinks were never refilled and our waitress was crazy rude! It took forever to get our food and even longer to get the check.  We said we'd never to back, and we haven't! Horrible service!
Went this evening with a family member and ordered the $20 dinner for two.   Ordered the guacamole appetizer which was their tortilla chips (yum) and guacamole with corn, according to the waitress, no jalapeno's and not spicy.  First bite into the guac....whoa....5 alarm fire in my mouth.  It was full of jalapenos!!! and other spicy things. Then we got the 6 oz. sirloin, mine was well done as i requested but really burnt on one side.  It came with loaded mashed potatoes, which were great, and broccoli with god knows what they put on it, tasted very foul and rancid.  Service is always poor there and I don't know why I went back.  Today was my last visit there.
I like this place. People are great. I love their ribs and I love their salmon. Their burgers are.good, to.
While the California club sandwich I had was great, the service was very poor! I went in for a late lunch and only a few people in the bar and our waiter was still to busy to take care of us. At the end of the meal I had asked for a box and he forgot and I had to catch another waiter to bring me one. During our visit while it was slow we had 3 different waiters/ waitress's. I was very annoyed!
Standard Taco Bell. I used to work by this one a lot. It's always clean and the employees are always nice. I really probably eat far too much of this stuff, but it's so good.
The employees here are all very nice and the food as a whole is what I would expect from a Taco Bell. 

But the burrito I had here about two months ago had such a strong patchouli taste that I have not gone back. It seriously tasted as if it had been seasoned with patchouli.
The good is always hot and fresh! It's convenient for me to walk across the parking lot on my lunch break to grab something to eat. The customer service is excellent as well!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!  I love the chicken corn tortilla tacos...along with a big cup of iced tea!  I always get in and out of this location! Good job!
Chipotle has paleo food!  To most people this doesn't mean much, but to me it is very important!  When I am following my diet strictly this is one of the only restaurants I can eat at and on top of that I love the food.  I am so happy they use local ingredients when they can.  Perfect lunch place for me and it always feels like a treat.
Very great customer service,  Amazing food,  Wonderful design layout,  Everthing 100% recycle, Extra condiments,  Acholic drinks served.  Wonderful place for a good time.  Please consider this meixcan dine in for your next visit for food.
Burrito, after a few bites I discovered I had been chewing on a piece of what appeared to be plastic like cigarette clear wrapping the size of a playing card, the food is always cold, between the food being cold every time I get a burrito there and now foreign objects in the burrito! Come on, its Arizona, there's plenty of better places to get your burrito fix...
I LOVE Chipotle!! I eat it and dont feel guilty. I know the products are fresh and come from farms that dont inject a ton of antibiotics in the animals. It is a fast food chain, but comes without the nasty feeling of going into one. Have you tried their guacamole? It is the best! If you are really hungry get a burrito. If you are just a little hungry get a bowl. You can decide how many calories you want to consume when selecting what you want in your meal.
Great staff, food is always hot and tasty. We go once per week on average.
My thoughts are only on the Barbacoa, it's the only thing I eat here.  I LOVE IT!!  It's spicier than some of the other options.  I get extra rice, double tortilla and the hotter green salsa.  This is one you craze if you don't get it enough.  :)  The barbacoa may not be your favorite but there are lots of other options, my husband like the burrito bowls with chicken and guac, etc...  It's like a subway for Burritos  enjoy.
Found this Chipotle after the one on Baseline and Val Vista ticked me off for the last time. The workers here are extremely friendly and got my three burrito order cooked in done in under 5 minutes!
Perfect spot for a filling lunch. Its quick easy and not to mention the food is fantastic. I rarely meet people that dislike Chipotle and if I do I assume they're crazy. The service is fast and the workers are really friendly. Definitely one of my favorites for a lunch on a tight schedule.
i love eating at this location!  All the staff are SO nice.  They really seem to enjoy working there which keeps the atmosphere light and positive.  The food is fantastic... always fresh.  i love it!
I kind of have a love hate relationship with this place. I hate how much the food cost just for a burrito but I love not having to spend three hours in the bathroom afterwards. I hate the overly yuppie vibe but love the clean look of the restaurant. I.... well you get the idea! Growing up in the valley I was surrounded by mexican food places so I always wondered why someone would pay almost 7 dollars for something you could get for around 3? I guess it is the not having to worry about being shanked by someone in a parking lot in south phoenix or finding grandma's hair in your combo platter( it will make you wiser). All I know is that for me it is nice to have a place to eat if you do not want to gorge on a McNasty burger (I'm hating it!). Just wish they would dial back the hipster thing to 1995 GAP store levels (no I will not sign your petition!!) I get it you care about the earth, now can I please eat my food?
I eat at this location nearly every day and the other comments here about the friendliness of the staff are spot on. They are both having fun and providing excellent service. It really does make a difference! 
I found chipotle after discovering I have a gluten sensitivity. I find that I have no bad reaction to the food here even without asking for glove or utensil changes. Nothing on the menu except flour tortillas is off limits    If you are celiac you may consider asking for allergy precautions of course. Also, other locations may no be as good as this one about such issues. 
The chipotle chain like any other has weaker and stronger locations. This chipotle is absolutely tops in my book.
Food and service was excellent! First time here and as I was deciding the worker never made me feel rushed. He welcomed the guest behind me as I continued to choose between beans or no beans. After he was finished with me, he instantly gave them the save positive attitude he gave me and apologized for the delay in assistance. Great service, great food, great price! COME TO HAWAII!
If you want a lot of food then this is the place  to go. I always have leftovers. However, I ask for almost everything in my burrito bowl so it is full! If you only like meat, rice, and bean you're bowl won't be as full. Also depends on who makes your bowl. Some times I have people who are very gracious on portions and others are stingy. I have had very good luck with this particular chipotle though. 
We also like to get chips with our burrito bowls... They give you very few chips in a bag. They used to give you a lot :-/ kind of a bummer.
I will eat at this Chipotle any day of the week. The service wad awesome. We came in late last night and they made us fresh steak and chicken and they were happy to serve us. Not like the one in downtown Phoenix
Used to love this location.  Not anymore.

Two new faces recently joined the familiar, pleasant employees and it hasn't been a change for the better. 

On a recent visit I was ordering two bowls. They began one and then in order to catch up on a phone in order that was seemingly overlooked by the girl peering slyly over the cook station, the male who must be seeking brownie points with said coquette, shoved this order in between my two bowls.

 In an attempt to let him know that my other bowl would not be ready when I reached the register I said "That bowl back there is also my bowl" indicating the bowl that was now third in line.  He said in a nasty dismissive tone "I GOT this! " 

The next person in the prep line then asked me what I wanted on the NEXT bowl, which of course was not mine.  I replied "That isn't my bowl...THAT is my bowl" pointing back 3 places in the lineup.  

Again the arrogant guy said in his nasty way "WE GOT THIS!"  I shrugged and stood there.  

He barked out the toppings order on the to go's order and closed them up.   While I stood there unable to finish my order or to pay.

Eventually they had all four bowl sealed up and the register lady said "These are your bowls?"  Indicating the bowls sitting on the counter still as arrogant guy had begun bagging the other two.  I said "I don't believe so" 

The arrogant whips around and says "Yes, they are"  And I said "Then what are those?"  Indicating two sides of liquid sitting on top of the bowls.  He says "That's your salad dressing"  I said "Great, but I didn't order a salad". 

 No apology, no nothing he just grabbed the two dressings and put them in the correct bag for the lady who had been waiting for her order.  

Once he removed himself from the line up the rest of my order went well...excepting for the fact that he seemed to find it necessary to turn his back to me and to whisper his accounting of events to two very uncomfortable looking employees (they were embarrassed that he was talking smack about me but he must be the supervisor so all they could do was shift nervously and keep their mouths shut. 

 The little honey the male seemed so eager to placate stared out from behind the prep counter with a smug expression.  Man do they have trouble brewing at this location with this damsel and her gallant knight.
salt your chips and then we are talking  5 stars!!!!
Love this place best service ever. Didn't know I could get a side order of tortillas until the other day. Now I do it all the time.
Come in it's chipotle you shouldn't need to read a yelp review to tell you it's good. I mean everything here is awesome. You can be healthy if you want with a salad or just got all out with a burrito. What I would say to do is get a quesadilla and have them wrap the burrito with the quesadilla. Wonder how that will be.
Fast, friendly service and the same high quality ingredients you'll find at any Chipotle. We were here on a limited time schedule for lunch, and we were in and out with plenty of time to spare!
Not the best chipotle location!  They give you small portions compared to other locations. And when you call them on it they get all butt hurt. I'm a fan of chipotle but  not a fan boy that thinks chipotle could do no wrong.
Chipotle!  What could be bad????  We went for Teacher Appreciation Night and what an awesome thing they do for educators!  BOGO!  We tried the sofritos which were amazingly good!  (Especially for meat eaters like us!!).  This location was BUSY for this special night but the line moved efficiently and everyone was really friendly and greeted us with a smile despite the crowds.  We'll definitely be back!  Only wish they were bigger!!
My kids and I love this chipotle! 
We are always are greeted by the nicest people and everything we get is delicious!!!
Stopped in last night for dinner....around 7ish...so a little busy, not crazy, but steady.  We ordered a chicken bowl and burrito....  He told us it would be about 6 minutes for chicken...so he asked us just to go to the front of the line for a couple pops and they'd let us know...  So we took our free pops and had a seat....sure enough about 6 minutes later a gal came out and flagged us over.  I appreciated that the guy gave us a time frame and also didn't try to talk us into another meat option.  The free pops were also appreciated.  We will be back, thank you Chipotle!!
Update:  Well, I still go to this location almost every day, you guys know who I am :).  I understand that places go through ups and downs, at this very moment, this location is not at its best.  Rushing on the service line has lead to some messiness -- I saw one associate put a piece of chicken that had fallen on the counter back into someones bowl.  Another time, a different associate was talking while flinging guac on a bowl and proceeded to get it all over that bowl, the counter, and the outside of my bowl that was in line behind... yuck!  The quality of the food on the line especially at opening time is spotty -- some meats are cold, no fajita veggies, sad, dry looking sofritas.  I get the impression that they don't really try anymore to be ready to serve the best food right at 11am.  I have seen some faces change, including managers, and I assume that these personnel changes are the root of the problems.  All this said, Chipotle is still miles better than most fast food in my book, and the staff here on the whole is still provides friendly service.  I hope someone reads this and tries to get back that total excellence this location had mastered in the past.
Chain fast food - don't eat it all the time you you will have problems. And, at a Mexican place... those problems don't always come at the right time.

Food is like any other Taco Bell. Service staff at this one is a little better than the rest.

TIP: Oh ya.... CLEAN Bathrooms!
I admit I have a sick love of the ground beef taco salad at Taco Bell.  There's something addicting.  However, the taco salad I purchased here was horrible.  The shell was not cooked well, giving it a very raw, bitter taste.  The amount of meat, tomatoes  and lettuce given was quite pathetic.  A could count the amount of chopped tomatoes served on my hand. And the lettuce barely covered the button of the shell. 

Service was pretty quick and customer service was pleasant, but the restaurant seemed to be pretty stingy.  

Can't recommend this Taco Bell.
Its taco bell. As taco bells go, this location is second in my opinion to the taco bell on 67th and happy valley. As far as fast food goes, taco bell is by far the best bang for your buck and tastes light years better than any burger place.
This Taco Bell is going down hill. Very slow in getting your order. The manager doesn't speak to his employees with respect. It's a bummer because it's the only one close to me.
Been going there since they opened, service has deteriorated in the last year, to the point that I am done frequenting this store.  Have stopped in the evening, seen 8 cars in the drive thru yet no one in the store, so I go into the store and literally waited 15 minutes for 3 tacos, I guess I just got put into the line with the cars, ridiculous bot not the show stopper.  Drive thru messes up orders on a regular basis, 3 of my last 4 orders were wrong - missing items, wrong type of tacos etc, but usually not worth the 3 mile drive back to the store.  But last night changed all that....

Last night, I ordered 3 Soft Taco Supremes with extra sour cream, simple right? Tthat is what I paid for.  I should have checked but I didn't, I get home to find 3 plain soft tacos, no sour cream, just sad little piles of soggy tortillas.  OK, here we go again, but this time I returned to the store and told them in the drive thru that they had made a mistake and I needed 3 Soft Taco Supremes with extra sour cream.  I pulled up, they would not take the original order back, they hand me a bag, I say "3 Soft Taco Supremes with xtra sour cream right?"  He paused, then said "I think they forgot the sour cream".  he then handed me a plastic tub containing about a tablespoon of sour cream ($1.20???)  I just shook my head and went home. Opened the bag.... and found 3 Hard Tacos.  This is insane right? 

 I get in the car and drive back for the 3rd time, this time I went into the store, and firmly requested they fix it.  Was a bit taken aback by the joking around about how they screwed up with the staff who was preparing the food, but I know better than to yell at the people handling my dinner lol.  The prep guy then brings me my bag and somewhat sarcastically opens up one of the bags to show me the "See... soft taco supremes"  at which point I had to ask him "where is the sour cream?"  he then went back and added a pile of sour cream to each taco, and I mean a pile, probably close to a 1/4 cup of sour cream per taco, I took the bag and left. Horrible experience after working outside in the AZ sun all day.

Thats it for me, going to have to hang up the taco cravings for the time being.
Clean building and friendly staff. Food is Taco Bell quality. Not bad, not good. I would go back there if I got the munchies for a Taco Bell chicken burrito again :)
perfect drunk/hangover food.... I mean it's taco bell people!! I love their mexican pizzas and cinnamon twists.... The staff is great and never mess up our order :D (not that we go all the time) lol
The staff here is always friendly.  There's a sign on the wall saying it's a certified training facility, and they do a wonderful job.  Sadly I've never seen customer service like this at another TB around the valley.  Order is ALWAYS correct and I order some complicated, add this take this off, they always get it right.

While here on this trip I noticed that the 'large' cups that come with the meal have shrunk!  Fountain Mt Dew is one of my guilty pleasures and when I go for TB it's a double treat, I was a bit saddened but realize I sure don't need the bit of dew I was missing!
Your average run of the mill taco bell here folks....food quality is what you would expect from a fast food mexican food restaurant and the inside of the place is nice and clean and a decent environment as well
TBell like every other about 50% of the time service can be real slow though.
No Senior Discount.  Small drink  .25 . Supposed to be free.
Worst service of any fast food EVER... More like SLOW COLD FOOD or NO Food. & it's what's worse- employees tonight were rude, manager on duty spoke no English. Ridiculous. Thought I'd give this location one last try, even though I had another bad experience there this past Sunday when they CLOSED DOORS & drive thru after I had been sitting in drive thru for literally 15 minutes.
Every single time they screw up my order. This is my first one star review and it sucks that I am giving it to The Bell(one of my VERY guilty pleasures) There are only 5 components on a taco supreme (6 if you count the shell) yet they consistently forget one. I have yet to go to this location and have my order 100% correct. There is always something wrong the last time I got someone Else's order entirely which was cool because it was 3 times what I ordered. By the time I got home with some other poor schmucks food I was starving there was no way I was going back. I called to speak to a manager they put me on hold for about 6 minutes, that day 6 min was my limit for waiting on the line. I would imagine listing their failings and my discontent would only fall on the deaf ears of an overworked underpaid manager. Please keep in mind I am only reviewing this store and not The Bell as a whole.
OK.. I go to this one occasionally. There is a Taco Bell @ Decatur and I believe it is Pyle, but I couldn't find it here on yelp.com. Both places have good customer service, but the one at Decatur and Pyle is way better. Everytime I go there, there is this one employee who knows me and my family. He always makes sure that our order is completely filled because when he is not there, the other employees always mess up our order whether going in or thru the drive through. Almost as bad as the McDonald's down the road. We had Taco Bell for dinner last night. They now have the $2.00 meal deals. For the first time, I was able to walk out the door with a meal of less than $20.00 (matter of fact it was 7 meals of a gordita supreme, small bag of chips, and a medium drink with two soft tacos). You can't beat that. Thanks to the dude that always makes sure that we are completely happy.
Can't go wrong w/ T-Bell.
I love Taco Smell.
This one is brand new and very pretty.
Don't listen to the HATERS
Taco bell is TACO BELL...
It doesn't TRY to be GOURMET so I ALWAYS get what I expect @ TB
First off I have to start by saying, I LOVE TACO BELL.  I have grown up eating it and go there often.  

I went to this particular Taco Bell the other day after shopping at Kohl's.  This was my third time to this location, and once again I was not impressed.  This is the third time in a row that they have messed up my order.  This was the worst.

I am vegetarian, so I typically order my Mexican pizza with rice instead of beef.  I do not have problems at any other location, so I figured I would order it on this visit.  

Was charged an extra .60 for the "rice", got my stuff, and headed home.  I was starving by this point due to working all day.  I ate my pintos and beans, and proceeded to dig in to my pizza.  I ate one of the little triangles, and realized that something didn't taste right.  I looked closer only to discover there was rice ON TOP OF the beef!! I almost threw up my dinner on the spot!

Fuming, I immediately grabbed my receipt and called the store.  I asked the lady on the phone (who doesn't speak English) for the manager.  After trying to explain three times who I was asking for, she put me on hold.  

Around five minutes later, a lady got on the phone.  She didn't speak English either, and had nothing to say after I explained my situation.  I told her she needs to talk with her employees about paying attention to order's because some of us don't eat meat.  I also got into the disgusting details about what happens when we do eat it.

Needless to say, nothing was done, and I'm sure my complaint fell on deaf ears, but I at lest got to voice my concerns.  I will not be returning to this location no matter how hungry I am.
I ordered 7 items and only received 5. FAIL! Now one of my kids has to go hungry tonight. Thanks Taco Bell.
Found an insect in my Chalupa. Don't eat here unless you're training for fear factor.
I have been to this Taco Bell a few times since moving out to the southwest side of town. I L-O-V-E me some Taco Bell. 

I love that they are open late for when I get off work, the guy that works the overnight shift is pretty funny. I ordered a Mexican pizza meal last night and he asked if I would be upset that they did not have any? I told him no it was fine, I love everything on the menu. He said your supposed to get anger and yell "oh I am so mad, gurrr" "ok I am so mad(with a smile)" he said no we have them. 
I think the overnight shift needs to have some fun, it's a boring shift. Way to make it fun taco man!
The worst waiting time I have ever experienced. Slower then anywhere I have eaten I would NOT RECOMMEND coming to this place if you want a drive through meal. I waited 22 minutes with 2 cars in front if me for 2 burritos. So not worth the wait !!!!!!
This location is clean and friendly. I always stop here for a quick bite before going to my class.
Love the music here...oldies but goodies.

7-layer always good!

My go-to place before class.

Soft tacos always good.
Great location. Always clean and the staff is always friendly!
Food is good, I mean its Taco Bell ! But the girls working here RUDE, I can't even enjoy my dinner in peace and quiet with my fianc . They were being so loud and obnoxious, singing at the top of their lungs, screaming across the room to one another. Did you forget you had customers eating here???
completely sucks.  I hate this location and anyone who has ever worked here.
It was ghetto and dirty (as would be expected for a Taco Bell, especially in a crappier neighborhood), but the staff was friendly. I should also note that this Taco Bell is also a mini Pizza Hut, which was nice, since I enjoy both those brands.
I love their taco supremest ooh they are so yummy. They have always been my favorite!
Overnight, the beefy crunch burrito went up in price by a penny and shrunk in size by about half. Did they think people wouldn't notice? ?
Can be slow during major meal times. Other times can be very fast. Take caution if you're in a hurry.
Taco Bell is a guilty pleasure of mine, I admit.  Typically, I leave missing at least one item I have ordered (even if I only order two items); however, this location off of Dobson/Southern in Mesa has never let me down. 

The service is usually fairly quick and the employees I've encountered have all been very nice, speak English and are always ready to give me any sauce I need.

Keep it up, Taco Bell.  My stomach and wallet thank you repeatedly.
The staff is really nice, they rarely if ever mess up my orders which are usually complicated and require alterations or substitutions, they don't skimp on the hot sauce packets or napkins, the service is always really fast and friendly, and the food is very reasonably priced if you order a la carte. I've found that most combo meals aren't the greatest value (especially because there's a circle K right across the street, you can go get a drink there for 85 cents unless you want baja blast) other than maybe the taco box. But yeah, pretty much everything you could ask for from a taco bell. You should know what you're getting into. This taco bell meets expectations, and in a time where customer service can easily fall by the wayside, this a five-star in my book.
I do enjoy Taco Bell from time to time but I hate to say it but the last few times its been forgettable , had one incident of a decent size piece of plastic my 4 yr old son was choking on from his order cooked Into his Mexican pizza
My sister had just written her last exam of the semester, and so we decided to go for burritos to celebrate. Burritos rank pretty high up there for me on my list of favourite foods, so I was pretty excited to try out this new contender. 

Upon entering, I was immediately struck by the ambiance. I'm not generally picky about things like this, but the lighting was so bizarre and dim, and the ceiling felt unusually low - I felt like I was a mole stopping for some food whilst digging my way through an underground tunnel. There was a row of seating by the window and a couple of high-top tables, which seemed really sparse given the space. There was a huge menu posted on one wall, and after a cursory glance at it, my sister went for the bean and cheese, and I chose the halibut, after reading the rave reviews about it for another location of Burrito Boyz. 

Our burritos were customized to order, and then tossed on the grill. The whole process was a bit lengthier than I had expected, about 10 minutes or so from start to finish. I was apprehensive about the grilling of my burrito, and rightfully so (not to mention that, to my dismay, two people handled my burrito with their bare hands, despite there being a box of gloves sitting in plain sight!). Once I received my hot and hefty bundle and bit into it, it tasted far more like a "wrap" than a burrito. There really was very little that felt "Mexican" about it. The ingredients were fresh enough, and the hot sauce had a nice kick, but apart from that, it didn't hit the spot. Additionally, the halibut tasted a bit greasier than I had expected. It was disappointing on the burrito side of things, but it was a reasonably priced and filling meal.

Additional note: most of the clientele, along with the employees, seemed to be small groups of university students. Take this as you will.
compared to the locations in missisauga and toronto, the waterloo Burriot Boyz was not up to par, maybe because its so new, it just seemed a lot less tasty then other locations.
Not a fan of the decor or the ambience as another reviewer mentioned. The music was way too loud and crappy; no way we would ever, ever eat in there. Take-out is a must.

The food is quite good, but does take a long time to get to you; over 10 minutes usually, without a line in front of you. We waited over 25 minutes one time, but it was a lunch rush. Still that was a long time to stand. It is more of a grilled wrap, than a burrito, as another review mentions. Tasty though.

No debit though. Seriously? It's 2011, get with the times Boyz. And the parking sucks; angled parking which you have to drive over a sidewalk to get to. Pro Tip: don't run over any pedestrians when backing out.
Best burritos I've ever had, and fantastic prices. 

Don't go in there expecting to find somewhere to sit down. It's optimized for the to-go crowd and there's plenty of standing room. 

A really nice touch is that all the burrito prices end up rounded to a quarter after tax (eg. the $4.87 small bean and cheese --my favourite-- after tax is $5.50).

I eat here at least twice a month. I usually call ahead and they have the food ready for me when I get there to pick it up.
It was this or the shawarma joint at university commons. Decided to see what the buzz around boyz was since I haven't been to the Toronto location. 
My first impression was that it is a huge step in comparison to Bandidos or big fat. The restaurant is easily 4x the size of the former and 2x the latter. I feel like this was to capture the weekend partying from Phil's and probably does a good job at handling the volume. 

The pricing was a bit confusing as they do not offer two different tortilla sizes, instead the sizes indicated the amount of filling used. 
I got a small bean burrito without the cheese, and extra spicy w/ the works. 
Pricing was good and comparable to Bandidos! Meaning big fat's is still the most expensive of the three. 

The cook time felt longer than Bandidos and they also do not use a flat press to help with the grilling do maybe that's why it took longer to cook while coming out fairly soft. I enjoyed the softness of the burrito, though personally I do enjoy a slightly crunchier wrap. The longer cook time might be a liability during the post club rush =/ just a thought. 

I felt that the initial bite was underwhelming as the tortilla wasn't proportional to the quantity of filling, they really should get two sizes of tortilla. As I worked my way through the burrito it started getting better, their formula for the beans is very good though I would pass on the burrito sauce, and hot sauce. Both were poor quality with the latter being mild at best. 

Overall food experience was decent, but they haven't won me over as a loyal customer. I'll take their burritos when I'm in loo but if I'm in Toronto it's Bandidos for me!
I feel like their quality is suffering as they try to speed up wait times. I used to be a huge fan of Burrito Boyz, but I guess that phase is waning on me.
This is the best place to get a burrito in the area. Call in to pre-order and skip the lines when it's busy.
The burritos are decently sized for the price. It's about as good of tex-mex as one will find in Waterloo...
Good post bar food.
The perfect place to go after the bar or for a quick lunch.

I had a small beef burrito on whole wheat and it was more than enough food!  They load it up with a lot of toppings which is great.  They will also ask if you want hot sauce.  I like spicy food but this hot sauce is SPICY so be careful!
Tried every burrito here and combination. Compared to all the ones i have tried, it seems there wrap here is cheaper. Other then that they know how to make good burritos and are consistent. If someone else opened a burrito place near by wouldnt be surprised if some of the customers would go there as it gets boring after you have tried everything.
I'm honestly shocked people didn't rate this higher. Burrito Boyz is awesome. A small is more than enough food, the hot sauce is super hot (I'm up to six drops!) and the ingredients are great. I think its way better than chipotle's

Try either one of the fish burritos; its a little different but they're really good. 

Great drunk food! 

Get one with everything!
Amazing burritos!

One semester it was on my walk home from school and I don't even want to think about how often I used to drop in ;)

I started off with the veggie soy burritos but I've since shifted to bean & cheese. Both are super tasty. The veggies are always so fresh and the burrito sauce brings everything together really nicely. Beware of the hot sauce: three dots is usually enough for me, although I've witnessed people get FOUR LINES!

If you want to go for lunch I'd suggest getting there early because it gets packed! If you have a bigger order you can always call ahead too.
Great food but portions are hit and miss some nights. The staff is friendly and it's fast semi healthy food. Get the gift card and save cash....
Ordered a small halibut burrito... CRAZY good. The fish was so tender and didnt have that nasty fishy smell. Make sure you put everything in the burrito (hold off on the jalapenos if you cant take spicy). It was a decent price, and definitely very savoury. The portions arent as ridiculously large as chipotle, and taste just as good, if not better. Chipotle is probably healthier though. But amazing burritos overall!!
I've heard only good things from burrito boyz, so I was very excited to try it. I am vegan, and I've heard from a few people they cater to a vegan diet, and do it very well. 
I went in tonight, and asked the man at cash, what would be vegan. He told me only the guacamole was vegan... I asked "that's the ONLY thing that is vegan? The guacamole?" He told me yes. So I explained to him that I heard from a few fellow vegans that they had been able to get a meal there. He shook his head and said again, guacamole was the only vegan option. 
So, at this point im confused.  He then asks a coworker, and she looked him and also said nothing is vegan except for guacamole and the soy something rather. So I said I was going to pass, and left. 

Came home, and checked online. The online menu, states what is vegan... meaning there is in fact vegan options. So what the hell! Even if I had known before hand, what the online menu had said, the people working there obviously were not aware, and that makes it very difficult for a person with dietary restrictions to feel safe eating here.
I would rate this place SOLID.  Excellent value for price and my the lines at times, albeit broke canadagoose wearing students, shows it is proper.  

The size either small or large is sufficient. Meat or sweet potato has flavor, is grilled well and ready in a few minutes.   

There is nothing special about the burrito but being a solid meal in a town with terrible food options is great.
I love this place. Quick, "healthy", filling and affordable! 

I always get the mix chicken and steak and it's the best! 

One thing I find super awkward is when they ask if I want everything on and say and pick things individually. I CANT THINK WHAT I DONT WANT THAT FAST, IM SORRY! I always seem to get an "ugh hurry up look" 

That said it's delicious and $8 for a large that's basically football sized? Not bad at all.
This Taco Bell/Long John Silvers is awesome! My coworkers and I frequent this location pretty often and we always get good service, our food is made quickly, and the workers here are nice. I'd have to say this is probably the cleanest Taco Bell I've ever been to. If I'm going to eat food that's kinda bad for me, I'd at least like to have a pleasant experience doing so...
Its Taco bell with long john silvers... its pretty nice staff is nice and quick... pretty clean...
Well I hate to write this but I have to. Went to the drive through and ordered several tacos and a 1 piece fish and 2 planks dinner. We were told to pull to the lot and they would bring out our food...15 minutes later we get the food and the man says it was just made nice and hot, I thanked him and drove home. We sat down to eat and my chicken was Raw, and yes I bit into it, Yuk!!! The other piece was cooked but I was so taken back completely lost my appetite! Now mind you I waited 15 minutes for this raw chicken! I drove back and asked to speak with the mgr. she was so nonchalant,  I brought it with me clearly pink inside not a big deal I guess. I said would you please take this and show it to the cook you really don't want to serve raw poultry. She said ok. I mean come on act concerned a little at least? She wrote my name in a book for a free meal (fish only)! but what concerns me was her attitude. I used to own a restaurant and that is the last thing you want to have happen to a customer! I didn't drive all the way back for free fish! I thought I would get a thank you for bringing this to our attention and we will make an effort that it doesn't happen again or something? Oh my what's wrong with people...is that my stomach gurgling???
This Taco Bell is hit or miss. I LOVE Taco Bell and this is the only location I have ever not enjoyed. It seems that the afternoon/evening shift is the best time to go but still, it's hit and miss for me. They often forget my sauce packets, the 7 layer burrito is more often than not 2 layers of just guac and sour cream with a tiny bit of beans, the bean burritos almost never have cheese. It is very close to where I live so I have gone multiple times and will probably go again many times but it's not my favorite Taco Bell.
Worst fast food experience ever! 
1. The drive thru took 25 minutes! That isn't fast food!
2.  We ordered no sour cream on anything... Everything had sour cream on it.
3.  We ordered 10 total items including 2 big BOX meals. ALL 10 items were stuffed into 1 small bag with all the sauce packets and napkins.  Everything was squished, soggy and cracked.  Why is it advertised as box, yet they put it all into a tiny bag? 

We won't be going back to this location.  It was a waste of $18.
If you're looking for a man, this should be your next destination. Men love this place. (A coworker of mine met her fiance eating lunch here and now lives in Tampa, so if you're in the market for a burrito and a cross-country move, you might want to give it a try.)

My favorite? I love the spicy Barbacoa soft tacos (3 per order), in which they use shredded beef braised for hours and saturated with tastiness. Their meat is all naturally raised, if that's important to you. C'mon, not a fan of injected hormones in your meat? Pfffff. But, in all seriousness: the toppings are fresh, crunchy and delicious. Go fajita style, if you're so inclined, the carmelized onions and sauteed peppers are tasty. Tip: If you're a burrito type of guy (or, less likely statistically, girl), they come standard with rice. If you're not a fan of starch, ask them to skip it.
*I made a page back in July for this location, but whenever I try to check in this is the only Chipotle that shows up so whatev!

I have loved Chipotle for many years now. I even have one of their shirts that say "Addicted" on it. 

I have been to 6 Chipotle locations in the valley & loved them all. But I love this location the most now because it is less than 5 minutes from my house, yay! I don't think they have been open for more than 2 weeks, which explains why they're a little slow but the employees here are friendly & generous with the portions. 

My Hubby & I get the same thing every time, bowls! His: chicken, rice, pinto beans, fajita veggies, a lil tomato salsa, cheese & lettuce. Mine: steak, EXTRA rice, no beans & EXTRA tomato salsa. Yummy in our tummies!!
Ahh, Chipotle, a college kid's dream: cheap, copious amounts of Mexican food that is actually very good for being mass produced. You can get what you want, it's good for gluten intolerant people like me because I can get a few different things, and this Chipotle in particular is in a really convenient location; it's across the parking lot from a super target, and there's a self serve yogurt place nearby, so you can get dessert! YAY! 

Alright, here's my "beef" with Chipotle.. HAHA! See what I did there? (I am so unfunny...) In my honest opinion, it's inconsistent. There have been times I've eaten there and my tacos or salad are perfect and I have a really good experience there. Then there are times where the rice wasn't salted correctly or something, I have no idea what happened, but all I know is when I took a bite of rice I immediately spit it out because it was so over salted. Really, it was crunchy because there was so much salt in it. Same goes for their proteins. I try to switch it up between barbacoa, chicken, and carnitas, and with each there has been at least one occurrence where it was way too salty and I couldn't eat it. Maybe I'm just being a the kind of customer that restaurants hate, but if a place has had multiple occasions where the food is so salty it can't be eaten, then they're going to start having some serious problems.
My only other issue is there's one guy who works there who I think is trying to flirt with me, so he way overfills my tacos or salad with whatever protein I get. It's a tad suggestive, don't you think? 

I'm not saying I hate Chipotle at all, in fact, I really like the concept that you can get whatever you want, at a good price, and you know that they're using quality ingredients. They're just really big fans of salt.
I would not normally spend time reviewing a chain restaurant like this but 
I had to after the service I received there this past weekend. My husband and I ordered online before heading over there. We asked for our salsa on the side and were a little bummed when we got there and it was actually on our items. The cashier was very accomodating and quickly had our order remade and gave us a free drink while we waited. He also gave us extra free chips with our remade order. We were very happy with the customer service at this location!
Everyone already knows how good Chipotle is, but this location has always given us good service, they are pretty speedy. They screwed up on on line order we placed once, and they fixed it right away and gave a free drink and extra chips, really cool we weren't even mad.
Yummy!
Their lime-cilantro rice has such a great flavor - goes with their veggie dishes as well as those for the carnivores
Completely uncommon for me to rate Chipotle low, but tonight's food service and prep of the rice & beans was horrible resulting in a very poor tasting meal.   Note, just last week I rated this same Chipotle 4 stars and it was deserved, but tonight makes me think this place is VERY INCONSISTENT.

I was third in a line of four people, not a very busy time at all.  Server was in a rush, a inexcusable whirling tizzy and she didn't steam my burrito well, gave me half portions of rice, black beans and chicken.  It sat there next to the guy in front of me who had ordered the exact same thing and mine was embarassingly small compared to his.  It was blatantly obvious how skimpy mine was as the two sat next to each other.

She was in such a flustered rush that after passing mine from her station to "topping guy" and then not seeing it immediately move as it was queued up behind the guy in front that she returned to move both 6 more inches as if that would get things out of her sight.  It didn't, but who cares if it takes a few more minutes?

Besides a lack of flavors, the textures were affected too.  When I received mine the tortilla hadn't been steamed well meaning it was thick and cold rather than the typical warm and soft texture.  The Cilantro rice is usually a highlight but dimished and completely lacked flavor.  Black beans were nearly missing so their normally sweet flavor was semi-absent and the cold, thick tortilla dough dominated the flavors of this Burrito.
Many of the tables were dirty and hadn't been cleaned in a while.

Sorry I stopped by.  
You want to see the service staff that made this such a bad experience, look at the photo I posted.
Food is good but this location has terrible slow service going back to since they first opened. Go to the metro center location instead

Address is wrong on yelp, its near 7th street
I wouldn't normally review a chain restaurant, but this one is literally around the corner from me. In the year or so since they've opened this location, I've always received friendly, speedy, good service & my orders have been spot on! 

Great location too, there's a self serve frozen yogurt place down the sidewalk for dessert & other foodie places if your friends all don't agree on one place to eat :) 

The bowls & soft tacos are my personal favorites.
All I have to say is the barbacoa is heaven in a tortilla!!! YUM!!!
Excellent!
This place rocks.. they can get busy but they hammer right through and you get fresh food!

The freaking cook is amazing to watch as he dices and slices. I swear he is gonna loose a digit. Fun to pass time as you wait in line!

They have always been clean, quick and really nice here.
I was really excited to visit a Chipotle outside of California... It was basically the same as any other Chipotle. The food was delicious, and the restaurant and restroom was clean and well kept.

I went in during the lunch rush, but the staff was very efficient and the wait wasn't too long.

I usually get the steak or chicken burritos, and I contemplated branching outside of my comfort zone. I wanted to try the barbacoa, and they were more than happy to provide me with a sample. I ended up not liking it (my favorite is the barbacoa from Cafe Rio), and stuck to my steak burrito.

My only complaint is that they didn't put enough steak in my burrito ;)

-R
YUM!!!!  This is by FAR one of our families FAVORITE Chipotle stores.  The food here is always awesome and super fresh.  Now, I know everyone knows the food is spectacular and fresh, but what they may not realize is how great and friendly the staff is, especially Casey who helped us out this last time we were in.   Also, I have to admit that I hate waiting in line (since who can resist this place) so we always order online, drive to the store and walk straight to the counter and never have to wait.  Nothing better than an inexpensive, high quality meal with no clean up!  Thanks!
When I want something quick but I don't want to feel gross this is always a go to spot for me.  

Inexpensive, filling and reasonably healthy (if you skip the sour cream, cheese and taco shells haha).

I love a good burrito bowl!!!  If only this place wasn't right next to a Five Guys.  I feel like it's always Russian roulette about which one I'll pick haha.
Gotta love Chipotle -- always there to help you out when you need a quick bite. This location is no exception.
THIS is one of my fav places in all of PHX.  I eat here about twice a week and they know me!  I love the staff and the quality.  When you tell them you are Gluten Free they immediately take off their gloves, wash their hands and put on new gloves.  They then change out each utensil in the dishes you want to have and then make your bowl or tacos to order.  

At this location they are all very cool about it and don't make you feel like you are a pain in the patooty for doing it either!  They always smile and have a good time while they wait on you and IF your to go order isn't ready?  They've always given me a free drink while I wait.  

Many restaurants could learn a thing or two from seeing this crew work!  Even when busy (and they almost ALWAYS are) they make you feel important!
We love Chipotle in general, but this is the location we most often go to. 
Friendly efficient service even when very busy and awesome food! Can't beat it!
The slowest chipotle by far, be ready to wait ...

It was Saturday evening and the place was packed!!! The line was going out the door. I am used to long lines at Chipotle, but they usually move pretty fast. People who work there are always very quick and on top of their tasks. Well not the case here. I understand that work area needs to be cleaned and more food ordered, but when you have 20 people waiting in line forever you have to move. My bf walked over to Paradise Bakery, waited in line there, had his sandwich prepared, walked back and still waited about 5-8 minutes with me. Only I I wasn't that hungry, no way I would wait that long
Its all good but anything with steak makes me really happy!!
Great organic food
Today I went to chipotle I even called in advance to see if they were open. I waited outside for about 5 minutes I was the first guest in line I ordered my usual salad. Then when it came to check out a very nice young lady who was the manger that morning told me she was sorry for any inconvenience and that she will take care of my lunch today it was very nice! They will always have my business because their is always excellent customer service
Went Wednesday night at 9 pm very busy and always good!
I love Chipotle. I've been to quite a few of the locations around town and all have been fairly consistent, aside from one that is AWFUL (cough cough... by Metrocenter... cough cough) and now this one which was AMAZING!

Maybe it was a fluke, I don't know, but if every Chipotle's food tasted as good as this did, I believe the chain would become even more successful.

The flavors seemed more amped up than usual. Take the lime-cilantro rice for example. This is the FIRST time I have ever really tasted the lime! It wasn't overpowering, but gave the burrito a wonderfully tangy kick. That alone was probably the main reason it tasted so much better to me (and my roommate). The chicken also seemed like it might've had a tad bit more seasoning. I don't know but it was really awesome!

I sincerely hope that this is not a one-time occurrence. It was really delicious and has reawakened my craving of Chipotle! Good thing this location is fairly close to home!
We go here at least once a week.
It's always crowded but timing is everything..we try to get there with the busy time has died down a bit.
Always clean, and always great service.
I wish this wasn't the closest Chipotle to my house. Their biggest problem here is inconsistency. The portions are never the same, you have to keep repeating yourself. 
Sometimes they give you a good scoop of rice, other times you can still clearly see the bottom of the bowl. 

I always get a vegetarian salad, with the vegetarian options Guacamole is included. Countless times when I say I want guac they tell me it's $1.80. Instead of correcting I just say OK with the hopes the cashier is smarter than the salsa girl. 

Countless times there hasn't been any hot sauces put out. None by the soda machine, none on any of the tables. 

We try to avoid this location at all costs, unfortunately it's the closest one to home. I just wish they would train their staff better and be more consistent.
I'm new to the area and I eat at chipotle all the time, but this one has obnoxious employees... Kind of takes away from the vibe of choppltle.. The only one who was normal was the cashier. I mean is there a manger around? Lol, food is still bomb, but I will probably go to different I e from now. It's u fortunate that it's so close to my house though.
I hate this location!

My boyfriend picked up food to-go Wednesday night and for the SECOND time liquid soaked through the bowl and through the bag! This does NOT happen at other locations. There was so much liquid at the bottom of my bowl it looked like soup.
I love Chipotle. The menu is very basic, consisting of burritos, bowls, and tacos with various very fresh rice, beans, meats, salsas, and cheese. Basic, but very very tasty.   

This location is closest to home so it gets our business regularly.  I'm dropping one star in my review for the relative slowness of this location. In some Chipotles, a line out the door still moves quickly. This location just isn't as fast. When they're busy and you're hungry, it can get a little frustrating. Also, the line wraps awkwardly in front of the door. 

Once you get your food, the line slowness becomes a worry of the past. The barbacoa burritos are especially good and I like the chips with medium salsa.
Quality food and quality service ! The workers are always in a giddy mood laughing and smiling. The carnitas burrito is always on point (what i always get) and the vibe at this location sets the mood just right cashier always greets with a smile and tells me to have a nice night (they should wear nametags) i recommend this location !
I have been here a few times, no complaints.
But today, the line was almost out the door for lunch. They had 6 people working the front counter to insure each step was done in a timely fashion. It was quicker than a fast food drive through and my chicken burrito bowl is delicious! I love that Chipotle is an inexpensive option for a healthy meal. Everyone there seemed to enjoy their job also. I will be returning for lunch again soon.
I came for dinner after work, and it was my first trip to this location. The line was huge but moved quickly.  The staff was friendly and the food awesome as always at every chipotle I've been to. Would definitely recommend them, and will certainly be back!
This location is the worst Chipotle I've been to. I place online orders often and they are very rarely ready on time. Today I arrived 15 minutes AFTER the pick-up time I chose and it still wasn't ready. They also forgot part of my order. I only ever order steak and when I go to this location my bowl is almost always full of fatty steak pieces.  Very much looking forward to the location at 27th Ave and Deer Valley opening soon.
This Chipotle location is awful. Being a huge fan of this chain, I know how things should be better than most of the staff - only because I have been going since most of them were in elementary school. 

Service was awful. It took forever to get through the line because the employees just don't listen and don't pay attention well enough. The shift lead, or whoever the heck it was bouncing around was completely flustered (probably because he saw how awful it was at that moment) and was rude to me. I could barely get a tray for my food without him letting out a loud sigh. 

The food was not up to par either. The steak was fatty and chewy, the chicken rubbery. The folded the burrito weird so the sour cream and cheese was at one end and everything else on the other. 

It was a bad experience, and I wont be back to this location.
This location was pretty good. They were packed but still managed to get our order right. I would say they were adequately staffed for the lunch rush (line was about 10 people when we arrived).
So I read the reviews and as usual I don't pay too much attention to them because I like to make my own judgment on a place based on my experience so with that said I went in to the restaurant at 9:40 pm which is 20 minutes till close but they had over 12 employees working at what seemed full throttle which is typical for young folks trying to get off and out on a Friday night. I have to add that Chipotle is one of my favorite places to get food and having children and bills it's almost a treat to have being that for only me and my girlfriend it was 21 dollars. I got to the restaurant and there was a line. Usually a line for Chipotle but always moves fast I ordered 2 burritos, chicken for my girl and steak for me so as he was making my burrito I asked for half barbocoa and half steak he asked if I wanted double meat or just half and half and I said half and half. Well the barbocoa pan was full of meat so he gave me a tong full and the steak pan had less than a big spoon full literally 5 little pieces of steak and rather than get something fresh from what they were cooking behind him he passed my burrito off to the next stage of the burrito making phase and as i stood there looking at the 2 burritos with the meat on the rice my girls burrito had almost triple the meat mine had so rather than be a jerk and make a complaint I just asked for double meat which the guy from the next phase of the burrito making he grabbed a heaping cup full of meat. The little cups they usually put the salsa or other sides in and it was what the amount was for being a single meat burrito I asked him to go light on the hot salsa because let's face it that stuff can melt the paint off of a car if you tried. Lol but the guy put a whole ladle full. I just shook my head to which he didn't notice and started wrapping my burrito after placing the other ingredients I asked for in it. So final stage of the transaction of the burrito making production line the cash register guy asked if I wanted some chips or anything else. I love the lime salted chips and of course said yes. I didn't notice the size of the chips till I got home and to a great disappointment the chips were hardly filled to the bottom of the letters of the bag where it says Chipotle.  Which you get more if you buy a 1.49 bag from the store. So very disappointing and to have payed 21 dollars for food that was poorly put together and skimped on for chips and meat  which I had to pay double just to get what I should have gotten for the single meat price mind you, also the non existing bag of chip's. I will make sure they never get my hard earned money ever again. How could such an amazing chain become so non amazing over the last few years? For me I know that I won't be going back to this location or any of their locations which is terrible because of this experience and I truly hope my review reaches out and makes someone think twice before they go overpaying for poor food and poor service at Chipotle. Smh
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I've  loved Chipotle for years so I'm really bummed out about this one because its closest to me ....this is the WORST chipotle I've ever been to. EVERY SINGLE piece of chicken in my bowl is ALWAYS either a disgustingly chewy piece of fat or a charred piece of something that tastes like its been scraped off the grill at the end of the night...so upsetting. The empolyees clearly do not care what you eat and the quality of the food, its really just too bad. Please for your own sake do not go here....there is a great  Mexican place right across the street in the frys parking lot.
In my opinion this is not only the best Mexican fast food restaurant there is, it is also the healthiest!
The food always tastes fresh!  My only complaint is the long lines.
Have had 3 bad experiences at this location. One was when they gave me the wrong food when I ordered online, then the next time they messed up half of my online order and then the 3rd time I went into dine they made my burrito so small it was not filling. They are extremely conservative with all of their burrito making. Would not recommend going to this location.
Man what happened this location has gone downhill in the past few months wheres the old crew that made this location special!!!!?????
I really enjoy this chain, the fresh food, the nice staff and the quick nature of being able to get your food despite a massive to-the-door line. This location had most of these bases covered, but feel a little short on others. 

So, let's "Oreo" sandwich this review (good, bad, good). They had a line when we arrived, even though it was 8:30 p.m., but they moved it quickly and with purpose. The staff was nice when arrived to the front and it was our turn to order.

I had carnitas tacos, as per my usual, topped with mild, cheese and sour cream. I thought it was a bit odd that they put my tacos into the burrito bowl instead of the usual plastic basket, but hey, a carrier is a carrier. The carnitas was completely cold...not luke warm...but cold. Still edible and tasted okay, but not what I was wanting or expecting. 

The main seating area was a bit chaotic and messy, but like I said earlier, it was busy and they had a decent sized line, so turn around on tables was probably just behind and playing catch up. 

The overall restaurant was clean as a whole though, if you didn't count the tables needed a little TLC and before we left, the line died down and they were making a visible effort to touch the place up from the rush, so yay!

Overall: B
Not my best Chipotle visit, but not a loss by any means. "A-OK"
Normally I love chipotle and get good service at the Zocallo Plaza store. But tonight I came in to this store and the one girl couldn't figure out how to make 1 cheese & 1 steak quesadilla or seemed like she didn't want to make it & asked a guy who was just getting off work (end of shift) to do it. Then the mngr told him he had to go but I got my two quesadillas, chips and guacs, made it to the register and the cashier dumps all the food in 1 small bag! 2 nice chilled guacs thrown upside down on top of 2 hot quesadillas with a bag of chips on top! So here's what really got me: I asked for a larger bag and was told "the manager does not allow these to be given out unless you are buying at least two salads or bigger/more items"! Really??? I spent $14.51 and I am refused a larger bag??? The cashier was not budging, repeated her manager wouldn't allow it - I even offered to purchase the damn larger bag! So then I requested & got a 2nd small bag which I transferred the 2 cold guacs & chips into myself! Chipotle, you need to get a grip on your franchise operations - stores like this bring your rep waaaaay down! I won't be back here EVER!
When a friend asked me to meet her at The Spotted Donkey, I had no idea what to expect.  It had just recently opened, and the name (although intriguing) didn't necessarily solicit mouthwatering images.  However, I was fantastically surprised to find that this place is one of the newer hidden gems in Scottsdale!  The ambiance and decor are fun and interesting, there's lots of seating, and their patio area is awesome!  Hidden in a shopping strip mall, you'd never guess from the outside that an oasis of fabulous food and drink awaited you right behind those dark paned doors.

I sampled several of their specialty margaritas and other concoctions, and all were delicious, but my all time favorite was the Blood Orange Margarita.  The food was also great (tried the calamari, guacamole, quesadilla, and queso dip), and the staff was friendly and helpful.

My favorite part about this place is their devotion to happy hour (almost as great as mine).  They offer hh every day of the week, and on the weekends, it is offered from opening (at 11am) until 6pm.  It's the perfect place to spend an afternoon!  I will definitely be going there again soon!
I am a firm believer that if you're going to Yelp than you should give a place at least a second shot but I'm breaking my own rule here...but we most definitely will go back again for good measure. If not for our friendly, amusing and just plain cool server, Allison, we may not have continued to wait for our long-over-due main course...a single entree of 2 quite delicious enchilada, of which we shared. Appetizer of queso dip was....well...not the usual queso.  Thick and creamy, the concept was good, but it lacked that little kick that, in my opinion, makes queso, queso. It took a long time for our main entree to come out of the kitchen...and if I had to guess it's because the kitchen seemed tiny compared to the mass amounts of guests this place could accommodate leaving the kitchen "in the weeds" as industry people say.  Until I go back and this place can get my food out w/in a reasonable 20 mins or less, I'm sticking w/ 3 stars. Just don't go on a Saturday night. This place opened 4 weeks ago and I think they need more time to figure it all out. Next visit...Happy Hour.
I just went to the newest Spotted Donkey Cantina on Hayden and was so impressed with the food & ambiance!  The decor and lighting is aboslutley fantastic, and the restaurant is very versatile as it offers a bar/nightlife scene but also a dining atmosphere and two outdoor patios.  The food's presentation was exquisite and I am SERIOUSLY in love with the stuffed peppers!  Literally the best I've ever tasted!  They are filled with pork, cheddar-jack cheese, spanish rice in a tomato basil sauce.  And, the shrimp ceviche was also incredible--- very fresh and flavorful with fresh pineapple and avocado!  To boot, their margaritas are very tasty offered in lime, blood orange (the best!), prickly pear, mango and strawberry flavors!  Needeless to say, this is a must go restaurant!  Can't wait to go back soon!
This is our third time to Spotted Donkey and it gets better each time!  The Stuffed Peppers are amazing!  Possibly the best I've ever had.  Not to mention the best Margaritas and Nachos in town!  Love the outdoor patio--especially the fireplace this time of year.  Coming back this week to check out the lunch menu.  So glad this restaurant opened in our neighborhood!  This is a "must go" place.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this restaurant!!!
Where do I begin after dining in 3 times within a month??!! You want to know why I give this place 5 stars? O.K. here goes:
The restaurant itself is beautifully put together. 
Upon your grand entrance you're instantly greeted with a hello and taken to your table. 
Service is friendly and unobtrusive. You really feel taken care of!
The food is outstandingly delicious and addictive!  Enchiladas are YUMMY so is the Salmon tostada, and the cod baked in a banana leaf. The chimi is out of this world...just writing about it makes me hungry.
It is truly a one-of-a-kind Mexican restaurant with high quality ingredients, great service, and beautifully presented plates!! 

Now go check this place out and see what I'm raving about!!!
We went to the Hayden location. What a beautiful place! Filled with Ambiance. The colors and decor were just amazing. It seats over 375 people. Even if they were crowded I don't imagine it being a long wait to get seated.  It had a decent selection of beers, not too many craft beers which is mostly what I drink, but it did have a Negro Modelo Dark and a Great White Hefeweizen, which is more than many Mexican/Spanish style cuisines, so that is more then enough for me. They also had many mixed drinks and Margaritas. The food was great and the service was very good as well. I ordered"*Cascabel-Chile Marinated Carne Asada ( medium rare) poblano chile escabeche, avocado-tomatillo sauce, black beans, spanish rice and flour tortillas $17.50"and my boyfriend ordered, "Enchiladas with mexican beer braised beef, cheddar and new mexican hatch green chile, with chimayo red and green chile sauces, Spanish rice, guacamole and sour cream $14.00" ,which were both very good. It makes for a nice date night. We will definitely be back.
Spotted Donkey....you have redeemed yourself in my mind.  After a very mediocre visit with poor service...I promised myself to return to give you a chance at redemption.
And you succeeded!   I ordered the queso,,,yummy,,,and the bread with it is delicious!   An a beef enchilada which was very substantial and so favorful!   Nice job!
Really good margs, guac, & enchiladas...And, I am hard to please.  Bario Cafe has some competition, and without the limited seating-wait!  Did I mentions REALLY good guac?!!!...Not that whipped-up garbage that most places 'call' guac.!
I originally saw the Spotted Donkey some time ago and thought they were out of business. It seems that they were just taking their time opening it to make sure everything was right. And they nailed it. When I first went in I wandered around and checked out the dining area, the lounge and the patios. All very impressive.  The only thing that struck me rather odd was the order pick up counter in the dining area did not seem to fit with the rest of the decor.  But the dining area also extends into the bar area, and if you sit there, you do not seem to notice it as much.

I first stopped for Happy Hour - and what a great Happy Hour. Draft and bottle beer - $3.00, appetizers for $4.00, and well drinks and frozen Margaritas $5.00.  I tried several of the "lite bites" including the Cinco Queso Dip, the guacamole, and the Taquitos - all were delicious. And, of course, they have Dos Equis Amber on tap which is a great plus.

I returned for dinner several nights later, and it was just as good.  They have an eclectic menu with a variety of standard Mexican dishes with slightly different ingredients in some to give them a different taste. Everything we tried was very good, and excellent blend of flavors, and hotness.

The service was very friendly and attentive, from the hostess to our servers, to the bartenders. It was the little things they did that showed they wanted our visit to be a pleasurable experience. They do have several high definition TV's, and we asked that one of them be changed to watch a game we were interested in. They had no problem with doing that, and actually went out of the way to find the channel.  We had a baby with us, and everyone was very helpful and friendly in accommodating us. 

I also requested fresh chopped jalapeno to sprinkle on some of my dishes, and they actually had it and brought it with no questions asked, and no extra charge (which does not happen often).

Although not as authentic as some of my favorite small Mexican restaurants, it is a great dining experience, and someplace that I can bring friends and visitors. The atmosphere and decor are rather trendy, but at the same time relaxing and comfortable. A great combination!!
Every time I go to AZ to visit my grandparents, we come to "The Donkey." And I love it! 

We always sit in the bar (gramps likes to watch the TVs). 

Everything is absolutely delicious. The Silver Coin Margarita is my go-to beverage. The Guacamole is delectable. This trip, I ordered the Donkey Chop Salad -- bacon, avocado, bleu cheese, cilantro, jalapeno ranch, tons and tons of goodies. And they make it right there for you!

The shrimp appetizer is also incredible. (tip: just ask for the aioli and skip the jelly sauce). 

My brother always gets the Mac N' Cheese -- green chiles, bacon, cheese, macaroni, heaven.

I've never had a bad dish here!
After driving up to Scottsdale to see the Roald Amundsen Railroad car used in FDR's funeral, I got out my trusty Droid and Yelped the area for restaurants. The Spotted Donkey's reviews caught my attention.

 How could I not like a place that has photos of donkeys and burros all over??

The shrimp tacos for $13 were delicious and attractively presented on a long white plate. It looked beautiful. (photo included). 
HOWEVER, my partner said if she had to choose between this dish and La Salsa's Baja Shrimp Tacos, a lot less costly and just as tasty, she'd stick with La Salsa. 

The cheese enchiladas and salad with salsa/guacamole were outstanding. I was very full by the time I had polished THAT off.

Only a couple observations: They charge you an extra $5 for salsa and chips. Wish they would include it with the meal.

I was seated at a table that had a halogen spotlight that was boring down on me....all the while the AC was blowing cold air down on the table. I changed seats and all was well.

Our servers were polite and attentive and overall, it was a very pleasant dining experience....just real different from what we love in South Tucson.
Muy bien Spotted Donkey! It was by chance that I realized they opened a second location much closer to my house and I couldn't wait to check it out and see if I could finally save gas and still get the same great food. The answer is yes, yes I can! 

Once you enter Spotted Donkey, you'd never realize you were actually in a strip mall off Hayden. It's cozy with dark wood and a Spanish feel and it's roomy so that you don't feel cramped and like you're on top of your neighbors. The lounge to the left houses several tvs and comfortable seating and the dining room to the right houses several tables for dining. I think this would be a perfect option to bring a large group. 

The food was excellent and absolutely up to par with the north location. They brought out chips with three different kinds of salsa. Be warned, have your water before you take a bite because if you are a sensitive sally like me when it comes to hot sauce, you will need a sip! For a meal, I went with the Fajitas. I wish I had shared because they were hearty and filling! The only thing that would have made the meal better is if it came with beans and rice, but they did get an extra point in my book for including guacamole with the meal without charging more or having to order it on the side. The traditional margarita was spot on and one I could find myself drinking one too many of. 

I think the Spotted Donkey is a great option for visiting to have a couple drinks on a weekend night in the lounge, or if you want to have a dinner for two or ten in the dining room. 

But before I go, I have to mention the only catch of the night. Not a catch enough to make me lower the five star rating, but one worth mentioning. We went there for a leisurely dinner and were definitely not in a rush. We lingered over the menu, ordered a drink and then ordered food. Literally 5-7 minutes after ordering the food, it came out...we literally were in and out in 40 minutes. So...if you are going for a casual lingering dining experience, take your time ordering because if it's anything like my visit the food will come out fast! However, if you need a quick dining experience without sacrificing your food quality, Spotted Donkey is...spot on!
Pros: superior service, delicious food, and very good margaritas.
Cons: ? I can't think of any
The Spotted Donkey is an amazing restaurant...from the greeting at the oversized door till we exited...WOW!
Upon walking into the Spotted Donkey one is welcomed by the warm,  upscale decor. The hostess asked it we would prefer the dining room or lounge, and since we didn't have a preference we were seated in the lounge. The chairs were large and pillowy; perfect for a cozy feast of Mexican fare. 

Chips and salsa did not grace the meal, but they were on the appetizer menu for around $6, as was guac for $9.50. I think the waiter would have been more attentive had we ordered drinks; the service was provided on circumstance (I say this because there were older couples and a table of women in their 20s who were showered with attention--I felt neglected before our food even came out).

The food:  OUTSTANDING. I had the chicken fajitas--the sauce (oh my!) was uniquely delicious and addicting; I found myself scraping the cast iron skillet with every scrap of tortilla I had left. Fajitas were accompanied by fresh guacamole, salsa, sour cream and warm flour tortillas. My friend had the steak tacos. They were the perfect size, had just the right amount of cabbage for crunch and the beef had a nice smoky taste. The salsa and guac really pushed the flavors to perfection. 

All around a pleasant dining experience. I'm coming back for their late night happy hour menu!
Tanner was an excellent server and the Chimichanga's were very good.
So happy there is now a location by my house! Best Nachos in town with there large round tortilla chips covered in shredded pork, beans, cheese, and slices of fresh jalapeno. The Fajitas are amazing as well. If i had to describe there sausage/steak fajitas it's like fajitas combined with the best sausage and peppers from chicago combined and wrapped in tortillas. They have a slight sweetness to them which is refreshingly different then most fajitas in town. Couple that with great food, nice atmosphere and impeccable service and you have one of the best dining experience in Nor-Dale. (North Scottsdale)
Was down in AZ for the BCS National championship game, needed a place to eat dinner and Yelp didn't disappoint. Good atmosphere, great food, excellent service. At one point we had three people waiting on the two of us. One refreshing our chips and salsa, one toping off water and another delivering my margarita. Check this place out!
In 2011, I think I am going to be a bit more "tough" in my reviews.  So, consider this four star rating a very good rating.  After moving from Dallas, I have not adjusted well to the Mexican food of Phoenix.  Nothing matched the Tex-Mex (not surprising), and every place people told me to go seemed to lack flavor.  Well.... the Spotted Donkey hit the spot (hehe).  It is not Tex-Mex more Southwestern/Mexican but the really important fact is the food is delicious and full of flavor.  Margaritas are better than tasty.  The restaurant sophisticated but very comfortable with a back and front patio-- both with fireplaces.  We had the nachos as a appetizer at the recommendation of wise yelpers.... very good.  Prices here a very fair, it looks like happy hour is a great deal.  I look forward to another visit soon!
Anything BUT Tex-Mex!  Great Mexican dishes served as you never had them, with great Panache.  Great food served in a marvelous decor, hardly old Mexico.  Should not even be called a Cantina.
Great atmosphere, good food.  Enjoyed a nice night out
Great ambiance and great new Mexican cuisine.  The fajitas are great and the Silver Coin Margs are super good.  For a fun night with friends this is the place.
This is not your Father's Mexican joint. The food is real good, but items that are normally sides included with dinner.....like beans, are extra. I had one of the house specialties...fish tostadas. The fish was perfectly fried and served on a small crispy corn tortilla, topped off with shredded cabbage and the tastiest sauce. We ordered chips and salsa, which comes with 3 salsas. The fire roasted salsa looked quite zesty, but tasted pretty bland. The mole inspired salsa was....I'm not a fan of mole. The green tomatillo salsa was pretty good and my fav. The chips were excellent!
Very enjoyable.

 I had the SD chop salad which I thought was quite good, my companions got the fish tostadas and cobb salad and they both enjoyed their meals as well.

The high point of the lunch was that we ordered the nachos as a starter, they were excellent. 

Service was good, decor is nice, all-in-all a place to which I'll definitely return.
This place was good. But not great, or even "really good". We stopped here for lunch on our way out of town. We ordered chips and salsa to start. If you have to pay $5 for chips and salsa, I expect some fantastic grub. They weren't. The chips were cold and stale, and the salsa was pretty bland and watered down. 

For our entree I ordered the Stuffed Pepper, and my girlfriend ordered two appetizers; the five cheese dip and the calamari. 

My pepper was OK, but nothing extraordinary. I've made much better at home on a Tuesday night. The cheese sauce, and the calamari were good, but lets be honest here, almost any similar deep fried or creamy fatty foods would be delicious. Those two appetizers do not require vast culinary depth. 

For the price I expected much more, and unless someone else was buying I wouldn't go back.
Loved this place.  Went to visit the new Salt River Fields and looked for a good restaurant for lunch.  Stumbled upon this one based on Yelpers.  Glad I did.  I wish I had a place like this close to home - great bar, great food.  You can't go wrong.
EXCELLENT!  What a fun time we had.  Hubby and I went out for my bday celebration and were so glad that we did.  What a fun and comfortable experience.  We walked in and were greeted right away.  We had made reservations but there was absolutely no reason to.  It was a Monday night and really @ 7:30 there wasn't a whole lot going on.  

Alec was our server.  We opted to sit in the bar area.  Same menu available.  We started off with the Haas Guac and the Green Chile Stew.  We initially made the mistake thinking that the stew was going to be like the kind @ Roaring Fork.  It's not.  They would do themselves a favor if they called it hash.  I suppose hash is not as appealing as stew.  Nonetheless it was good.  The little fry breads that they give were not my favorite but it was good with the chips that came with the guac.  I had the pork tenderloin and hubs had the mac and cheese with chicken.  Both good.  Really good.  

It would have been a five star review but there was something weird tasting in my diet coke.  Like soap or something.  Hubby thought maybe it was because they probably didn't sell a whole lot of soda product. I dunno.  Could have been the straw, the glass, syrup ratio to C02. 

And by far which is probably the best part of the restaurant.  THE BEST CHAIRS in the world.  So comfy.  So plush.  You could sit there for hours and never leave.  IF you had them in your home you would never leave.  EVER!!!!
The food and service was superb.  Our waiter had a great attitude, and to top it off, the food was phenominal!  I had the mac and cheese and a side of onion rings.  If you want food with a little "kick", this is the place to go.
Sooo over hyped. I believe their attempt at creative cuisine falls flat and is only an excuse to inflate prices. I feel like it should be a rule at any Mexican restaurant that chips and salsa are free. Yet we ordered some--a small order with 3 small bland salsas. We also tried the ceviche...nothing to write home about...in other words don't waste your time. The calamari was tender but only came with 4 strips. For dinner one guest had the burger which got pretty good reviews, as did the fajitas. I had the stuffed peppers not much to say about that. The decor/ambiance is nice which is good since you will be so bored with the food.
This restaurant is close to my office, so we go for lunch at least once a month.  I love that it's bright, with great modern decor, and the seating is comfortable.  Service is always very good.  The prices and portions are a average for the area.  The cuisine is a twist on Sonoron, but nothing extraordinary.
There is so much potential yet it is diminished with average food and lackluster service. We made a reservation for 730pm last Saturday night for a party of four at the Hayden location. The decor is great with comfortable seating and chic Southwestern decor. Once seated, the average came alive. We all remarked that it was good we were engaged in a great table conversation as it probably took 15 minutes before our presence was acknowledged. One of the managers finally came over and reluctantly took our drink orders. With a motion of his hand behind his back (we assume we weren't meant to see the finger snap) he beckoned a lost waiter to his side. The guy was nice enough but not very motivated. Had we not asked it's likely that the special of the night would never have left his lips. 

We ended up ordering two fajitas, a stuffed pepper, and an order of tacos. The fajitas came at the recommendation of the waiter as being extra special. They turned out to be extra ordinary. The stuffed pepper was actually very good and spicy to boot. The tacos were uninspiring as well. 

We passed on dessert as our entrees were average at best. As others have noted, free chips and salsa would probably be a nice gesture, especially considering the slow service offered by the wait staff. 

Would we try it again? Probably not unless improvements are noted in future reviews. 

A creative name, nice atmosphere, and average mexican fare. 

Three stars as it wasn't bad and has potential.
Met some friends here for happy hour the other day.  This is the old El Paso BBQ and they did a knockout job with the remodel. Great feel and warm colors to the place now.

I had a couple of Coronas and some chips and guacamole.  The regular menu looks better than the happy hour menu and think I'll try them the next time for lunch or dinner.
Food was 3 Stars, but service was just really slow and I had to keep reminding the waiter to take care of us.   We went on a Wed, and the restaurant was essentially empty.   Despite our being a party of 13, the restaurant only assigned one waiter.   I had the feeling the guy had received some kind of battlefield promotion (and was a busboy who was filling in) and had never waitered before.
The Potted Donkey sets itself apart by offering more than the standard Sonoran food.  You might like the grilled salmon tostada or the cornmeal crusted mahi-mahi.  My favorite is the Pork Antojito.  The sangria is excellent, and the fried icecream is unique.  Atmosphere and service are great.  Unfortunately they won't get five stars as long as they make you pay for the chips and salsa.
High class Mexican food.  Chips and salsa are not on the house but the appetizers featuring the salsa trio is well worth the price.  Warning the pineapple habenero salsa is quite hot.  A pitcher of Margaritas is very small for the cost of $30 but again, the best Margaritas ive ever had.  Entrees were very reasonably priced around $14.  The enchiladas were stamdard but good, signature tacos were light, fresh and flavorful.  Contemporary presentation.  Very satisfied and would return if I wasn't on vacation!  Trendy decor, not too loud, expect to circle for parking.
Visited Scottsdale for Spring Training and found good reviews for this place on yelp. It's upscale Mexican fare was delicious. I had the cornmeal crusted mahi mahi and my boyfriend has the pork tenderloin. Both were well cooked and flavorful. Atmosphere and decor were cool. Trendy scene for groups, yet still romantic for couples. The food took a long time but the waiter kept apologizing. Extra credit for the funky restaurant name!
The food and service were excellent.  The enchiladas were awesome and very filling.  Big portions and very flavorful.  Will definitely return to this spot. The interior and furnishings are also unique.
1998 was a great year for me because I had graduated high school. That summer I experienced good food, good company and a fun atmosphere!

Why am I talking about my glory days like an fat old football player wearing his letterman jacket in a dark room in front of a laptop? (I swear I'm not).

The Spotted Donkey brought back memories of all the things I loved about that summer: good food, good company and a fun atmosphere.

I had the tacos, and they were cooked to perfection. Portions were just the right size. They are small, but they will you up. Service was a tad spotty, but it was busy, and the guy was friendly.

My partner in crime ordered the fajitas which were incredible. So incredible that later that night, we decided that we were inspired to make our own. Ok, we didn't ACTUALLY make them later that night...but the decision had been made.

Next time I go, I want to check out the Late Night Happy Hour. Looked like a great option for a night when you just want to kick back and ride out a smooth evening.
I was VERY impressed with this restaurant. We went at about 6:30 on a Friday night and were seated promptly. I think we made perfect time because by the time we left a little over an hour later the place was packed and they had quite a few people waiting to be seated.

We started off with some chips and salsa, which unfortunately don't come free. To be fair they were an upgrade over your standard free chips since the multicolored chips were served with a variety of tasty salsas. I had the chicken enchiladas which were plated beautifully and tasted delicious. Seriously, they might have been the best enchiladas I've ever had. I also had a cocktail with vodka and watermelon juice which was delicious and was neither too sweet nor too strong. My boyfriend had some sort of pork dish (anijitos?) which he also really liked. 

The service was also prompt and non-intrusive. 

Overall, great food, good service, and good pricing, especially considering the prices of other places in Scottsdale. In fact, the pricing is what attracted us here in the first place - we didn't want to pay $25+ a plate every single night. We'll definitely be back on our next spring training excursion.
a disclaimer: i am familiar neither with the AZ food scene nor with the typical organic, upscale interpretation of southwestern food.  in fact, though i normally eat pretty well, dripping and sloppy tacos and burritos are my most frequent indulgence.  the few times i've tried similar places in san francisco, i've left unfulfilled and repented at the altar of the greasy taqueria.

not this time.

our items arrived quickly, a rainbow of glistening peppers, meats, herbs and sauces.  the tortilla soup was rich and filling with flavorful interjections of crema and some chunky guac i stole from another platter.  my taquitos came with habanero guac, which was a creamier, albeit barely hotter version.

scan the menu: the chef worked hard to distinguish the items during both their creation and their individual preparation.  i would have loved to have tried many more things just to sample all of the intended flavor combinations.

i guess i'll just be back!
This review has been percolating for a week now and I finally have the courage to write it.

Spotted Donkey Cantina looked so promising: from the excellent reviews to the stunning and modern restaurant.  Even the food looked great.  But alas, this was the first time Yelp steered me wrong during my vacation.

After quickly being seated on the patio, Lisa H and I decided a margarita was in order.  Lis tried a strawberry marg and I opted for the prickly pear marg.  Tasty margs, although a wee bit too expensive.  But Spotted Donkey clearly isn't a cheap place, so no surprise there.

Based on the awesome venue and the delicious margs, I was hoping for some awesome eats, but sadly, it was not to be.  Many a review recommended the nachos, so we ordered those as an app.  Unfortunately, the nachos were the best part of the meal and even they were subpar.  The chicken tasted so dry I swear it was actually turkey.  I honestly couldn't taste chicken in that meat.  Big strike number one.

After the nachos, our main dishes arrived:  Lis got the enchiladas and I decided on the mac and cheese with some chicken (uh oh).  Lis wasn't impressed and neither was I.  I wish I had known about the turkey flavored chicken before I choose to add that to my mac and cheese.  I attempted another bite of it, but it still was so dry I had to push all of it to the side and focused only on the pasta.  Honestly, the mac and cheese was quite tasty, but I was so turned off by the chicken that I couldn't eat much of it.  Strike number two.

Many a server came by, I bet at least five different faces.  The host to seat us, our server proper, one to delivery our apps, one to clear the apps away, our server again to deliver our main courses, another to fill our waters, another to take our remaining dishes away, and finally our server proper to deliver our bill.  No jokes.  How many different people can you possible need for this process?  It seemed a little over the top for me.  Strike number three.

Spotted Donkey, you appeared to have so much promise.  I have to say with regret, that I was sorely disappointed to have eaten here.  Thankfully, I had just won a few bucks at the casino, so I wasn't too upset about paying for the meal.
Love the decor - they've done a great job ... too bad the food does not have equal appeal.  

Tried a number of appetizers and there was not a single one that stood out!  Very large bar - personal bartenders, but if they get busy, not sure they will be prepared.  Also runners who bring the food out to the bar, never know where they are going with it.  Need to work on a better system.
Every time I come here I have a great experience. I love this food. It reminds me of home. 

Thanks for reading my review.
Imagine this, a swanky new Scottsdale restaurant that has down to earth prices, fantastic food and attentive top-notch service? Sometimes it's hard to believe that this kind of place even exists, but its no mirage, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is everything that I had hoped and more. 

Starting with the service, there are details that just go to show how the owners and management are in tune with training of the staff. Everyone we encountered was pleasant, seemingly happy and genuine. 

I have to tell you though, when it comes to eating at SDC, you'll be in good hands, Chef Patrick Bolls hands to be exact. His background includes years working with local chef-lebrity Robert McGrath, which has paid off in chiles. The southwestern influenced menu is well balanced with just a little bit of something for everyone. I mean who doesn't love the addictive crunch of La Canasta Corn Chips ($6)? Along side are 3 different salsas including a smoky charred tomato, a deeply flavored red chile orange and finally a tomatillo green chile salsa. All were surprisingly mild though these seemed more about flavor rather than scorching your face, that'll come later.

The "Shooters" ($8) seemed harmless enough. A chubby jalapeno pepper stuffed with cheddar cheese and bacon then encrusted with a coating of tortillas and deep fried. At fist bite your mouth is filled with a creamy spurt of hot cheese followed by the pork-tastic flavor of bacon. Then it hits you, the burn from the jalapeno is scorching but a quick dip into cilantro buttermilk sauce helped cool the flame. 

If you're still trying to cool the flavor induced fire one of SDC many salad choices will do the trick. The Spotted Donkey "Chop" Salad ($12) is prepared table side with you controlling the amounts of roasted corn, cucumber, queso fresco, cilantro, warm smoked bacon, and avocado. Then tossed in a luscious jalapeno buttermilk dressing and served with crispy flour tortilla chips on the side, it cools and satisfies. Composed into tidy rows of tortilla crusted chicken breast, avocado, bacon, chopped egg and manchego cheese and dressed in chipotle vinaigrette, the dinner sized Southwest Chicken Cobb Salad ($12.50) was almost big enough to share. 

The center of my universe, at least for a minute, was the char grilled Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($11.50). This is a seriously tasty burger, topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, avocado, jalapenos and horseradish mustard, fries on the side. Continuing with the meat parade, a sizzling iron skillet filled with Fajitas ($16) was placed in front of me. While you have your choice of chicken or shrimp, the idea of beef tenderloin mixed with sausage, sweet onions and tomatoes seemed like the hearty choice. Along side are the usual accompaniments like guacamole, salsa, crema and warm flour tortillas, what was unusual were how quickly I scarfed these down, delicious. 

While the space feels decidedly modern and upscale there wasn't one moment where I felt uncomfortable or out of place, even with burger juices running down my face.
We kept driving by The Spotted Donkey and one Friday night we finally decided to stop by and see what it was about.

We sat on the patio, which was great. We were right by the fireplace, and it was romantic and intimate. We ordered chips and salsa as an app (they are not just given as you wait, like other Mexican restaurants.) The chips were delicious, and were served with three different salsas. They were DELICIOUS! One of them was a mango salsa, but man did it have KICK. Though I couldn't handle the heat, I kept going back for more because the flavor was incredible.

For dinner the hubs ordered the green chile mac n cheese, and I ordered the tacos - chicken & steak. All were incredible, and delicious. 

After dinner we decided to sit at the bar for a few more drinks, and we ordered their fried ice cream dessert. Yummm, it was a perfect way to end the meal. 

The staff was friendly, courteous and we loved the vibe of the place. We will definitely be back!
the boyfriend and i have patronized this place twice now and we enjoyed both visits though for different reasons - let me explain:

on both times we sat in the lounge area which has these incredibly comfortable chairs and we also visited on "school" nights so the restaurant wasn't very busy. the first time, our food was FANTASTIC but the waitress was often missing and our drinks ran low or totally ran out. 

the second time, the service was GREAT but though i'd ordered the same menu item as my first visit (chicken enchiladas) i was disappointed that it was dark meat (the first time it was all white meat chicken). hopefully, third time is a charm and they'll hit it out of the park on our next visit in both areas.

(the boyfriend was very pleased with his meals on both visits: Cornmeal Crusted Mahi-Mahi and Dos Equis Battered Fish Tostada.)

the margaritas are superb and they allow you to mix flavors - i recommend prickly pear and lime. i also suggest if you're going to get a margarita, order the first one listed on the menu (can't recall the name) since you get a little more margarita for the price.

one final whine: chips and salsa.  what kind of Mexican joint makes you pay for chips and salsa? i mean, the salsa is good and you get a few different types of salsa but c'mon! $6.00 for chips and salsa is kind of outrageous.
Wow! This place is great! I ordered some chicken machaca taquitos and they were awesome! However, I ordered this habanero pineapple salsa on the side and let me tell you...it was hot as hell! The bartender is quite handsome and he makes a mean margarita!  Great food, great service and a bartender with a cute butt! What more can a girl ask for!
Our group was in the mood for mexican food and I read the reviews on yelp and thought it was worth a try. I made a reservation online and we arrived a little after 6:30 on Friday evening. We were greeted by the  hostess who asked what the 4th person in our party looked like so she could send him over when he arrived. We were then greeted by our server Ellen who was extremely friendly. We ordered drinks and then chatted for awhile before ordering chips with 3 salsas and a side of guacamole. The pineapple salsa was extremely hot but Ellen warned us about it so we had plenty of water on hand. For dinner we ordered 3 entrees to share so we could get the full culinary experience. We ordered the quesadilla with portabello mushrooms and goat cheese(our favorite), shrimp fajitas and shrimp tostadas. This was a lot of food for 3 people and we ended up bringing part of the fajitas home. My husband had the chimichanga and throughly enjoyed it. We saw some of the desserts go by but refrained from trying one because we were so full. I will definitely save room for dessert on my next visit which will be in the near future. I would like to sit in the bar area next time because it looked fun.
The chips were amazing. Had the tacos. They were great too. The only reason for not giving 5 stars is the lack of service. Had to wait way too long for refills. Food came quickly.
Was looking for a Mexican joint on Yelp and stumbled across this place.  Since I was dining solo, I saddled up to the bar to grab some dinner.  I'm so glad I did.....here's why:

+ The Cheese Enchiladas rock!  Priced at $14, they're not cheap, but they're damn good!  They have 2 sauces on them....Green and Red....they each have a distinct taste that make the dish explode with flavor in your mouth.  Awesome!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=8bxEWo47aCR19UIK3eh8Dg
The sides of Beans & Pickled Carrot Salad is unique and flavorful!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=c_fS-JOQv__lXA4lLY3BRw
These were easily the best Enchiladas I've ever had.

+ Decor & Atmosphere.  From what the bartender told me, it's only been open 6 months or so.  The decor is unique...I have no idea how to describe it, otherwise I would....it feels upscale and modern, let's just say that.

+ Friendly employees.  Everyone was really nice and offered suggestions on the menu.

+ The Chocolate Lava Cake, $8.  Ok, I wasn't going to eat dessert, but the bartender talked me into it....I'm glad he did.  It was freakin' awesome!  However, I will warn you....it' a big portion, can easily feed 2 people.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=hUdZO9aFRVVBbR_9IxQg-Q
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fjvu3PkvrTOoIjNqL1vrJQ?select=fViTAdL3HGNICqHPwuWx9w
Served hot and moist, the Chocolate Cake melts in your mouth.....when you slice your spoon through the Cake, the hot Chocolate Lava center oozes out....together with the Vanilla Ice Cream on top, it makes for an awesome combo!

Overall, it was a great experience.  I was told they have 2 happy hours, but forgot the times....it's an early and late schedule for them....so it can cover both early birds and night owls.

Return Factor - 100%
After a week in Arizona and thinking it was just a way of life to have slow greeters at the door, and even slower service, Spotted Donkey changed my way of thinking.

We went in the late afternoon on a Saturday.  The place was pretty quiet.  We were seated quickly, and our drink order was promptly taken.  They have happy hour specials even on Saturday.  We had the salsa appetizer.  The pineapple habenero will knock you over, but is very good.  All salsas were very fresh, and they will refill the basket if you ask.  I had fish tostados.  For the amount of flavor and number you get, it can't be beaten.  My fiancee had the chimichunga.  It was presented cut in half, with some sauce on the plate.  Very appealing, and very tasty.  

The bathrooms were nice, and there is ample parking.  The few other tables in the restaurant all seemed happy.  Nice to finally get good service, great food, and a great atmosphere.  

Highly recommend this place, and make sure you put it in your GPS, as there is another Hayden Rd, and you could end up on that one first.
Great decor, great service and great food!  The meatloaf and the tacos were fantastic - great flavors and reasonable prices for a nice place!
Great food.  As soon as we left we were looking forward to going back.  Now we are back and even happier because the food and margaritas are just as good and the service was much better.  Thank you Ellen!
Great atmosphere, delicious food, friendly service, and affordable pricing all contributed to my 5 star rating of Spotted Donkey Cantina. I have been here with friends multiple times for dinner and happy hour and we keep going back. 

To date, my favorite dish is the marinated chicken fajitas but I have yet to scratch the surface of this vastly creative menu. Modern adaptations of classic Mexican fare make this place stand out from other Mexican restaurants. Donkey Dusted Agave Chicken Wings served with Jalapeno Ranch dipping sauce, Dos Equis battered Fish Tostadas, and the Arizona Mac & Cheese made with rigatoni, fresh hatch green chiles, applewood bacon and Mexican cheeses are only a handful of the many eclectic menu choices at this casual-classy hot spot.
Blah! What a disappointment! After reading reviews I was anxious to try this place, but it was a total let down. We all ordered recommendations from the waiter- stuffed peppers, green chile meatloaf and tacos. No one was impressed.

I'd go here for drinks. The restaurant was really cool inside and the margs were great.

Pass on the food though for sure!
will go back on next trip to Scottsdale. Guacamole-great. jalapeno poppers served in shot glasses- amazing. tacos were served in hard shells that had been fried with meat in them which was a disappointment. we just asked for soft corn tortillas and created our own- problem solved! overall good experience.
Food,service and atmosphere all very good.   Great addition to the area!!!
Staff friendly and helpful.   Patio would be good in nice weather---not too hot!   Very crowded first time we went but food fine.   Next time the place was quieter and we could appreciate the atmosphe and decor.   Lots of seating options!
This place was cool but, wow, it was empty on a Friday night!  Not sure what's up with that.  Our group of four enjoyed our time, my wife and I were visiting with friends that we hadn't seen in 10 years so the lack of a crowd was actually a benefit, quieter and no wait.  I went simple and had a Negra Modelo and my dinner order was "Stuffed Peppers" which was excellent.  I would definitely go again as we really enjoyed the food and received excellent service.
Despite it's name (which makes me think of a dirty bar south of the border), Spotted Donkey has fancy mexican food in a upscale, nice setting. The interior is split into a few different areas, all of which are pretty and cool. The patio is awesome - trees draped in lights, lanterns on every table, & a sweet fireplace. I really like this place! We had:

- Nachos: Really yummy & loaded nacho's. The chips are whole fried tortillas and they are covered in a ton of delicious stuff. The black beans are delicious, the salsa/hot sauce is delicious, and the different kinds of cheese make the whole plate cheesy with different flavors. We got the short stack, which was perfect as an app size. These definitely are awesome with margaritas, and the full size is perfect for hanging at the bar.
- Cheese Enchiladas: Good flavors, but the tortillas were so hard and unpleasantly hard to chew. The pinto beans are yummy, the green enchilada sauce is flavorful, but the carrot slaw was way too sweet and didn't blend well with the rest of the flavors.
- Chop Salad: I love the fact that they toss & serve a salad tableside. The ingredients are all fresh and it's a hearty sized salad (perfect as a full sized meal with some nachos).
- Sonoran Sunset: Beautiful colors, fun name, & a good balance in flavors.
- Mango Margarita: So awesome. Really fresh, sweet mango flavor without being overly sweet and it has a wonderful smooth texture. Love this drink!
- Mango Strawberry Margarita: A little too sweet...the mango is better.
- Cactus Heart: Fun name, pretty purple color, and delicious.
I went here for Happy Hour.  The food was only mediocre but, we did only tried 2 items.  It wasn't bad but, I wouldn't rush to go back.
Great margaritas (cactus heart) and delicious food.  Try the Salmon Tostada which is fresh and quite large, a great bargain.  We've added this to our new favorites close to home.  We didn't love the jalapeo poppers although I hear we are out numbered on this vote.
Agree with everyone else here that the atmosphere was great. Staff was very friendly. The food was OK. If they charged anymore I would say it is not worth it. 

I had the chicken enchiladas, my wife has the fajitas. The enchiladas tasted bland, and would not recommend. However my wife's fajitas were very tasty, and I ate more of those. 

For dessert we had the stuffed sopapias and they were very good.  I tried some of my friends chicken quesadilla and they were also bland. 

Overall, I would say its worth a try.
The service at the bar is phenomenal! John gave me the menu and told me to make a few choices first, before offering his advice! He, then, made me this awesome margarita and suggested the machaca chicken taquitos after listening to my taste preference! It was a hit!  Make sure to sit at the bar and ask for John! Great bartender, great service and he has a cute butt! Cheers!
I was almost ready to give Spotted Donkey the coveted 5 stars, but it occurred to me that I was most likely wanting to give that 5th star because I had not eaten anything resembling Mexican food in over a month!  So reason won and I'm going with a very strong 4.

Not your typical menu of tacos and enchiladas smothered with a cup of melted cheese and swimming in grease.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.  Nothing beats good Sonoran fare in my book.  At Spotted Donkey you will find chimis and enchiladas on the menu, but also cornmeal crusted mahi mahi and pan roasted pork tenderloin.  

We started with the chips and salsa.  I have to say I was not all that impressed with the chips.  They reminded me more of a bigger version of Fritos than a thin and crispy chip I prefer.  Served with a trio of salsas, my favorite was the charred tomato followed closely by the green tomatillo.  The pineapple habanero may have been tasty, but one bite and my tongue was so swollen I lost all sense of taste for the next 15 minutes.  My husband managed to eat a fair amount of it, however.  I attribute that to his southern roots and exposure to moonshine at the age of 6.

His entree was the chipotle honey-glazed grilled salmon tostada.  With a black bean mango salsa and avocado vinaigrette, it was quite good.  The only thing negative...it was seriously undercooked in the middle.  Had it been mine, I would have sent it back.  I know there seems to be a trend of rare fish being served, but if this was intentional, the server should ask how you would like it prepared.  I smartly chose the mesquite roasted port antojito...like mini tostadas but served on a thicker corn "cake" that is fried.  The pork was perfectly lean, perfectly seasoned, and quickly devoured.

For dessert we shared the ancho chile brownie sundae which was served with both hot caramel and hot fudge sauces on the side.  Expecting to prefer the chocolate sauce, I actually did not.  Although it had good flavor, the consistency was off and there was a little separation.  I am not usually a fan of caramel, but this sauce was ridiculously good, with a strong hint of salt coming through.  Had it been served with nothing but a spoon, the dessert still would have worked for me.  The ancho chile brownie was fantastic, although I maybe would have preferred just a touch more of chile in the background.  I would be hard pressed to go back and have any dessert other than this one.

I loved the atmosphere at Spotted Donkey, loved the food, and had fantastic service.  The underdone fish was the only reason it didn't make the 5th star this time around, but I would definitely return.
This place has amazingly tasty food!
It's hard to use so many great ingredients and still have the food come out bland but the Donkey pulls it off.   Perhaps there is some special process that bleeds the flavor from Hatch Green Chilis that only the Donky know about.

The tort of  enchiladas was thicker than the quilt grandma made me up In Minnesota.  The beans were tasty, all 2 ounces of them....     

The bar waitress was so unattentive I had to call the restaurant on my cell and ask for a watiress to be sent to my table.   Gotta love those empty headed Scottsdale bimbos.

All in all I would say it is a great restaurnant for Scottsdale gringos who have no idea what real southwestern food tastes like, and don't care or about freindly service so long as the building is fancy and they can tell their friends they went to the latest trendy spot.

This one will be GONE in a year.
I've been to the Spotted Donkey Catina at El Pedrgal several times and it was always a pleasant experience.  Not the case at this new location.  Maybe the oil that fhe foods were prepared in was bad because not only was the flavor off but I had stomach problems later.

Service was below par as well....will not be returning.
I like this place a lot! The food and the atmosphere are both really nice. 
Try the chimichanga, I really enjoyed it... Service is great also...
The only downsides (from my own experiences) is it seems relatively empty most of the time, and that it is a little on the pricey side... But they justify their prices with good food and REALLY good presentation of the food.
Came here for a team lunch based on some Yelp reviews, however, the meal I experience was below average.  There wasn't much spices and most dishes tasted bland.  I had to order additional plates of hot sauce, lemon, salt and pepper just to season the food.  Perhaps, it was an off day for them, but I probably wouldn't make additional effort to go back.
The food at this very large cantina was above average but not packed with flavor.

The $5 we paid for chips and salsa should have been a sign of things to come. Three salsa choices which was nice, but only one was flavorful and it was hot!  My wife and I split two meal orders. The shrimp tacos and the pork antijos. tacos were smaller and the sauce that comes on them was good. The antijos were dry and boring. The mesquite flavor did not come through. The star of the show were the margaritas which were needed when it came time to pay. Skip this place.
AMAZING! I just moved out of state, and I am really sad to be leaving this restaurant behind. 

First and foremost, the food: Perhaps it's not authentic Mexican (maybe I missed the part that the restaurant makes this promise), but whatever cuisine it is, it's delicious. The shrimp tacos are perfectly prepared and presented. I literally crave these, even the day after dining at the Cantina. The chimichanga and fajitas are also very good.  

The three salsa appetizer is yummy, but be aware: the pineapple salsa is just about the spiciest thing I've ever eaten.... Which brings me to the margaritas! Oh the margaritas! My husband usually hates margaritas, but he really enjoyed both the original lime and prickly pear margaritas. As for me, I love margaritas, and I found these to be exceptional. Yay for fresh ingredients!!! 

The restaurant itself: Every time I've been here the place has been decently busy. Not so busy that we have to wait for a table, but definietly not lacking in fellow diners. The decor is perfect: comfy chairs, opulent, but not stuffy or unwelcoming. The donkey theme sounds as if it could be tacky, but they pull it off with sophistication. Also, the last time we went they had an excellent all female mariachi band, which is up there with the best live entertainment I've had at a restaurant. No speakers or amps, just pure talent. 

It really doesn't get much better than this.
While in Scottsdale with some family, we all decided that the trip would be for naught if we didn't try some local Mexican food. While I was thrilled at the prospect of some Mexican in a region known for it's amazing authentic options, I was a bit dissapointed with the Spotted Donkey Cantina.

First off, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is a nice place, with a calming atmosphere and servers that are both well-dressed and well-versed.  Additionally, the options are unique (although not what I would call "authentic") and I would be surprised if anyone found they were unable to find a dish they were excited to order.

However, when my food finally arrived (chili as an appetizer and enchiladas for the main course), I was a bit disappointed to find that my dishes were a bit underwhelming.  Both the pork chili and the enchiladas were almost entirely devoid of meat, instead containing mostly fillers like chopped tomatoes, cheese and beans.  As I'd paid nearly $20 in total for both, this was extremely disappointing.

Head over to the Spotted Donkey Cantina if you're looking for a good atmosphere for a business dinner or a date, but keep away if you're looking for either authentic Mexican cuisine or a bang for your buck.
I love the space and the service is great!  The Decor is wonder and service attentive without being pussy suck-ups.  The food mostly has been better then average (Appetizers) to very good (breakfast).  I love there patios and the menu has a pretty reasonable variety of entrees.  This place is a bit over price but the location to my home makes up for it and well honestly everything is slightly overpriced in Scottsdale.  

Disclaimer: If you want authentic Mexican food you won't find it here or really anywhere in Scottsdale.  Take the drive to Mi Patio in Phoenix.
I went here with a group of people, and I'm really glad that I wasn't the one footing the bill, because if I was, I would have been angry and disappointed. We came into the restaurant for lunch shortly after it opened, and our table was literally the only party in the entire restaurant. You would think that would give us a pretty good chance of getting good service, but no, the service was terrible. The waitstaff managed to mess up not one but two special requests, and it took over an hour to get our entrees. With appetizers, the meal was an hour and a half affair. One of my biggest complaints was the salsa-- it was EXTREMELY watered down. The Pace salsa that I buy at Costco is better quality than their salsa. The portions were small, and the food is not at all authentic Mexican cuisine. I guess it's some sort of fusion cuisine. Whatever it is, it's pretentious, and it falls flat.
Decorated for the rich old Scottsdale folk, food is designed for $30k millionaires who don't know any better. 
Ceasar salad: a pile of leaves that I had to saw through myself using a butter knife. I quickly realized that this setup is designed specifically for the escorts who come in to order this - their right forearms won't have any problem with the strain. 
"Street" tacos: Came in hard shells. NO option to get soft shells? Then they're not STREET tacos, dumbshits. Plus, these hard shells were thick enough to crack a tooth. Since I don't have veneers like the rest of your customers, it was difficult for me to gnash through them.
Service is fine and the place is clean and beautiful. And the chips and salsa are excellent - there is a pineapple salsa with a kick of habanero that will sneak up on you, fast! I like it.
Um yea... this is almost a little too over the top. The decor/style is the finest of any Mexican restaurant I have ever seen. The food is so far from your typical Mexican fare that it is actually hard to describe. This is great for people who love Mexican food and can handle a little heat. Get the Jalapeo shooters to get started!!!
Heart this place.  Try the Pineapple Habanero Salsa for sure - order a Pale Ale or Sauv Blac to cut it though.  Bummer is that HH ends at 6 but I will slide in whenever I can - however NEVER ordered something I didn't like.
This place was pretty good.  

It was a weekday so the place was pretty dead.  Our server was pretty attentive and extremely knowledgeable of the menu.  He recommended stuff to us that ended up ordering and were happy with.

We ordered the Six Shooters (tortilla crusted hand stuffed cheddar, bacon filled jalapeno shots with a cilantro buttermilk sauce) - it was too spicy for me, but the other 3 enjoyed them.

We also ordered the Nachos (Large corn tortilla rounds with drunken black beans, pulled pork, serrano chile, fire roasted tomato and tomatillo salsa, and a blend of cheddar, manchego, monterrey jack cheese and mexican crema cheeses.)  Pretty darn amazing.  

The hubs ordered the fish tacos which were pretty tasty and filled him up.

I ordered the fajitas, which was nothing special and could be eaten at any other restaurant that served fajitas.

My brother ordered the pan roasted pork tenderloins which were cooked perfectly medium-rare and was probably the best dish out of all of ours.

My SIL ordered the enchilada - and quite honestly, I don't remember if she liked it or not.

In the end, we decided to try to cuban corn - which was by far, the best!  I could have eaten more if there was any left.  

For the 4 of us, it was almost $180 (including tip).  A bit pricey, but I would go back - even if it was just for the corn on the cob...and the great service.
Great atmosphere but a little too Scottsdale.  More importantly, lets talk food.  We went for a catered business lunch.  The portions were huge and was quite surprised that the food had a lot of spice for serving a crowd.  Looking forward to going back and trying the regular menu.
I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place! It's one of our 2 favorite places when we are staying in Scottsdale. If you get a chance to go there, you MUST have the Jalapeno Shooters! One of the 4 will blow your head off! The rest of the food is great too. Unfortunately the place has never been busy when we have been there, but we just love it.

BTW, the Happy Hour prices and choices are really good!
With a name like Spotted Donkey I was expecting this to be the kind of place where they offer $2 Coronas and Taco Tuesdays. So I was surprised when I walked in to discover that this was actually a nice, sit-down restaurant - like the kind of place you might take a date. (Not that cheap tacos and beer can't make a great date, but you know I'm sayin')

Some co-workers and I were working late in the area so we decided to try it out. I would describe their menu as traditional Mexican food with a twist. To start we ordered a quesadilla with pork to share. It was outstanding! First, it was huge. Second it was loaded with pork - they did not skimp. Third, it was delicious. The pork was nice and tender and drizzled on top there was a garlicky sour cream that really made this entre great.

For our meals, I ordered the tacos (2 beef, 2 shrimp), co-worker 1 ordered the burger, co-worker 2 ordered the chopped salad. The tacos are like street tacos - small corn tortillas. I really liked the shrimp  - had a good little kick. The beef were good too but the shrimp was better. My co-workers gobbled up their choices as well. The one with the salad said it was one of the best salads she has ever had.

Overall, the service was good, the atmosphere was nice and the food was very tasty. I would go back for sure.
Great food, awesome drinks, nice bar, good service!  Really love this place.  I will keep going back!
When I first heard of Spotted Donkey I thought it was going to be gross but I went there on a date with my boyfriend and we had the best waiter, told us about some of the most popular dishes they had. We went with something that that waiter told us about and it was SOOO good. Overall we had a great time, every nice environment. :)
My friend and I went to this quaint place along with other "WineBats" for an evening of "little Bites" and glasses of wine.  All of it very good!
We ordered Machaca Chicken Mushroom Taquitos...excellent with a little bite.  Panko Crusted Fried Calamari...succulent!  Imported Cinco Queso with olive oil fried bread and the best tortilla chips I have had in quite some time, and at the end  we ordered the Fried Ice Cream Quartet...that was amazing!  Service was on point!  We are going back to try their regular menu some time.
This place is pretty solid and I have no idea why it was so dead when I went.  I went with a party of 4 for happy hour ($2 off some drinks and food) on a Monday.  The place is spacious and very well decorated.  The place has a pretty cool upscale vibe to it.  We sat in the bar area and the service was very fast and friendly.  I tried 2 margaritas; the Skinny and the Silver Coin.  Both were excellent but the "skinny" one has nothing to do with the amount of calories rather that it is organic.  Go figure.  I still can't figure that one out.  The silver coin one was very good and was pretty strong.

The chips are awesome but the guac is just eh.  It seems to be fresh but is lacking any real flavor or kick.  The queso was excellent especially with the pita bread stuff (pita? really? very odd. but good).  The cheese had excellent flavor and a good amount of spice.  I would definitely get it again.

I will be back.
My date and I chose to try this place out based solely on the name. (We did do a quick Yelp search to find out what the general atmosphere was - you never know with a name like The Spotted Donkey!) 

I immediately liked the place - the ambiance and warmth was inviting. It was definitely an older crowd, but that comes with the territory of North Scottsdale/McCormick Ranch. Because it's off the beaten path of trendier Scottsdale restaurants, there wasn't a wait - a breath of fresh air for me in Scottsdale dining. 

The jalapeno poppers were just the right amount of you-can-just-handle-it spice. (You can't feel guilty eating something doused in buttermilk when it literally makes you sweat.) My date ordered the beef tacos and I got the salad - the ingredients were brought out and mixed in front of me, how fun? The meal was satisfying, fresh and the portions were ample but not Applebee's sized. 

I'd love to bring my parents to The Spotted Donkey and would recommend it to anyone simply looking for a good meal in an upscale/casual environment.
I am usually a person who sticks to Old Town or Arcadia/Biltmore when it comes to going out to eat due to where all my friends and I live.  I had to go north to run some errands, and a friend and I decided to check out the McCormick Ranch plaza.  I have to say it's changed a lot, since I've last been here.  There's Butters breakfast spot, busters, Zipps, and I think Jade Palace got replaced by TCBY.

My friend already ate at Busters, so we decided to go to Spotted Donkey.  I was amazed by the decor when I first stepped in.  It felt like the first time I walked into Modern Steak or J & G Steakhouse.  It was different, modern, yet had a nice casual vibe to it.  A modern latin decor with hints of burnt orange surrounded the area.  We decided to sit at the bar and was greeted by a pleasant bartender.

We had a couple of beers and tried out the ceviche which was fresh and vibrant.  We also split the nachos which was not the kind I was expecting.  The nachos had a lot of flavor on large tortilla chips.  I wish it had a more spicy kick to it, but I usually lean towards spicy than others.  The beers were around $6, but they were giant size.

We had a great time sitting around and catching up with some other friends who joined later.  I really like the service, scenery, and food.  I'll definitely do another followup review when I come back to try out the dinner entrees.
LOVE Spotted Donkey...Originally came for happy hour and have come back multiple times for dinner. The menu is inventive and unique, they offer great drinks and awesome happy hour specials. You'll also find plenty to enjoy on the lunch and dinner menus. 

Definitely try the "Shooters". They're Jalapeno peppers stuffed with cheese and bacon, panko breaded and fried, served with a buttermilk ranch dipping sauce. As amazing as they sound, they taste even better. The rest of the HH options are also good, the taquitos and chips and salsa combo are money and all of the happy hour prices are very good. They also offer a reverse happy hour from 9-12 for those who prefer late night dining. 

For lunch or dinner you can't go wrong with the tacos or fish tostadas, and they also have an awesome burger on the menu. The service is always attentive, and the ambiance is very cool as well. On the weekends there are live mariachi bands that will play. My favorite is an all female band with a great lead singer...They're legit.

I didn't know this place existed 4 months ago, but it's become one of my favorite dinner and happy hour spots in Scottsdale. Definitely worth a visit if you haven't been yet or just haven't been in a while.
Had the Seviche Yucateco.  Yummy spicy with extra peppers by request.  Also tasted the pineapple pepper relish that comes with the ribs-to die for.  Sweet with hot.  Love the habanero and the serrano peppers.  Will be back for more spice!
what happened to the menu? i went for the enchiladas but the only kind they had on the menu contained egg. not to mention the entire menu has been drastically pared down offering not much of a selection. and the chips and salsa have actually gone up to $7. we ordered chips and salsa, one beer, one soda and two entrees (me tacos, the boyfriend fajitas)  for a grand total of $60. the price is a bit tough to justify and i don't see us going back anytime soon, which is disappointing.
I loved Spotted Donkey Cantina and absolutely hate to give it 3 stars. The recent change in Menu's and Chef, in my opinion, has not been a good change. I have a lot of respect for Robert McGrath, but I wish he had left the tried and true menu items alone, and brought with him some new dishes. 
While my favorite dish there, the Chile Relleno is still on the menu, they have changed the way it is prepared, presented and served and it was a major let down tonight. Also, many of the appetizers that we really liked are no longer available. Very disappointed. 
Take all of this and accompany it with higher prices than before, and the SDC has dropped from my most favorite restaurant that I have raved about to friends, to one I will go to 'some times. 
The restaurant is still a beautiful place to go and the staff is exceptional in service in every way, but I was very disappointed at the menu changes,
Over all good dinner. We had cold entrees but sent them back. Food then came out warm. But had great flavors. The server was great and did his job great. One thing that I would say is the manger never came over to talk with use.
I probably won't go back. Our server was awful. My food was okay but the gal I was with had to send back her order twice because the cook couldn't stick to the menu item (one of the wraps). After the second time going back to the kitchen we decided we would just get mine to go and leave, so my friend could get lunch at work. The server then billed us for her food (unreal!) and wouldn't let me talk to the manager after I asked twice.  LUCKILY, the manager ended up coming over because she had to approve taking my friend's meal off the bill. She apologized profusely after we explained the situation and comped the entire bill. That made it right. She also gave us two $5 chips to use should we go back. I'm not sure I will but I have to say the Manager saved the day and this review from being a complete bust.
The food continues to be delicious here and the atmosphere continues to shine, but they just can't seem to make up their mind when it comes to timing out the food delivery. The first time I went to Spotted Donkey, I was on a date with my bf and they brought our food out within 5 minutes of ordering it. It was so rushed that we were in and out within 40 minutes. Today I went in for lunch and although we were on a bit of a time crunch, I thought this would be the perfect choice since it was such quick service the time before. Boy was I wrong. It took over 40 minutes for our food to come out which would be ok, but considering the time of day and amount of people, it was a little lengthy to wait. Granted, we took a little time before we ordered but I think that our order might have been forgotten in the kitchen. Our poor waitress was less than thrilled when she realized how long it took. But based on my two visits, I've come to realize that I can't really gauge how long my visit will be because I've had such dramatically different wait times. Too bad the timer elves couldn't have flipped these wait times either because the bf and I would have loved to enjoy a bit more time before our food came out and today we would have loved to have the food arrive a little bit more speedily.

I'm only taking one star off because the food is extremely delicious. I had the carne asada tacos and they were so delicious I finished every bite! Also, if you want a guacamole but you don't want the huge tableside one, you can order a small version and it's $5 as opposed to the $10 tableside order. I'm hoping this wait time was just a fluke and maybe third time will be the charm!
I should start by saying, the Spotted Donkey Cantina is the perfect restaurant for the over 50 crowd who wants to enjoy a higher-end southwestern food experience.  Honestly, my husband and I are not young... but were definitely the youngest couple in the entire restaurant by 15 - 20 years (excepting a few grandkids).   After pondering the reason for the older crowd, our food came and it was painfully clear.... the food is bland, perfect for that older crowd that can't handle spicy.    

The chips were delicious, best we've had in some-time.  They were thick with a nice strong corn flavor.. very nice.  The signature salsas were flavorful, but did not even register as mild on the heat scale. The pineapple salsa, we were warned was very hot... was really on the high end of mild. 

Aside from the unspicy food..... I can honestly say my dish was truly bland.   My carne asada was a good cut of meat, the temperature was well prepared at medium-rare, there was the usual char... but the meat had zero favor.  No spices at all.   This was a dish recommended by our server over the Mole... I should have tried the Mole. 

And then there were the tortillas.  This was my biggest disappointment.  They tasted like store bought... you know, that thick floury flavor that Mission Tortillas have.  Even freshly heated, they would have been a disappointment.  Unfortunately, mine were served stale... hardened around the edges.  Invest in higher quality, homemade tortillas and ditch those store bought!

My dish came with Calabacitas.. which were disappointing as well.  While the overall vision was good, the squash to cheese ratio was way off... and my side was almost cold.  It was obvious the cheese had been melted at one point, but was well cooled before it reached our table.  Decrease the cheese, increase the veggies please!

My husbands dish was suppose to be enchiladas.  They were bland as well and resembled wet tacos. 

I have to say, the black beans were the highlight of our visit.  They were flavorful, still with some remnants of the salt pork with which they were cooked.  Some of the best black beans I've ever had.

Many of the dishes, I would have liked to have tried.  But the sides were unappealing to me.  I don't like grits, sweet potatoes, or slaw (funny.. those are some of the only things I don't like).  The server indicated that they would not substitute for any other side... dishes were to come as prepared, sides and all.   She would have to ask the chef for permission to substitute a side dish.  Please, be more flexible when it comes to sides.   Also, I would have liked to see an Oso Bucco on the menu.   

I should have gotten McGrath's signature green-chili mac-n-cheese or his green chili stew.  I know those are good!
Chances are you will have a nice meal here but I feel the meal I had was one star worthy. I am giving two stars because my husbands meal was fine and the dining room manager tried to fix.

We decided to try for Saturday Lunch and I thought the chicken wrap plate might be nice since the menu described it with jicama and pecans with chipotle mayo. The meals came out and my plate looked pretty but I sort of knew I wouldn't like it when I saw the wraps were filled with lots of Mayo ( seriously one third , the wraps were standing up on the plate like towers ) and to make it worse they were standing on a large amount of chipotle mayo ( you were expected to dip your mayo wrap into mayo) . This plate came with a nice side of salad so I knew I could eat that. I choose to eat it because I knew my husband was starving and wouldn't eat unless I did. I ate the side salad and it was good I took a bite into the wrap and the contents spilled out onto the chipotle mayo pool that was on my plate. I didn't notice any jicama and only saw a few crumbs of pecans in it but it did have a few chunks of cucumber in it . I ate half the wrap and was finished AND NOW MY WAITER CHECKS ON US. I told him about the mayo problem and he offered to get me something else and I say I ate already and don't want more food. Then the dining room manager comes over and offers to get me something else and I say that's not necessary since I ate already. The dining room manager sees my leftover half wrap and suggest that I can enjoy the other half of my wrap latter if I just add extra chicken to it and offers to box it for me with some extra chicken. We received the extra chicken and it was hot chicken.

I just have to say this was an awful recipe for chicken salad or perhaps the recipe wasn't followed?
Food was very good, server was very good but someone screwed up one of our dishes ( fish brought out instead of chicken) so my daughter and I had to wait another 10 minutes until the right dish was brought out. No apologies offered.  The waiter said, " I would be hopping if I were you."
Not a bad place for upscale/fusion-y Mexican food.  The decor is beautiful and service is great.

The star of the dinner was the appetizers.
The nachos were delicious - nothing like the usual yellow cheese on triangular tortilla chips with canned jalapeno slices. This was unique and delicious with fresh cheese and two types of unique red and green chile sauces.
The chicken wigs were good - not spicy enough but good nonetheless
The taquitos were good
The chile relleno was good and HUGE
The green mac and cheese was NOT good - mushy
The posole soup was DISGUSTING - I took one sip and I returned it back to the kitchen. It tasted like a wet donkey.
The chopped salad that replaced the soup was good
beet salad was good
calamari steak was tender but I felt lack flavor.
Short ribs were huge and delicious
Went with my folks in December.
- loved teh decor
- fantastic service.  Our waitress was a gem.
- cozy seating
- Carne Asada was divine
- my parents each loved their dishes too.  My mom had a salad with the picked jalapenos.  Sweet and delish.  
- my dad got a steak and loved it. 

This was fabulous.
Came here recently and it had been a while, so we were pretty excited. We sat down and noticed it was a new menu...A new menu devoid of some of our favorite dishes, with higher prices and less selection. Fail.

They took off their beer battered fish tostadas, which were my wife's favorite. She ordered the nachos and didn't love them, and I ordered some very underwhelming chicken tacos. The chicken was bland, the tacos were small, but the dish was $15.

Service was still good, and it remains a nice atmosphere, but I am very disappointed in the changes. We may try it again (especially if they get the fish tostadas back on the menu), but it's dropped a couple of levels.
My husband and I went to SDC for the first time last night.  The dcor is absolutely gorgeous and you can see into the kitchen from the dinner room which is a big plus in my book.  We decided to sit outside since it was so nice last night and the outside seating area was beautiful as well.  Since we had never been to the restaurant before we had a lot of questions about the menu and our waitress happily answered all of them.  Our waitress was absolutely amazing.  She was the best server we've had in years.  She spent a lot of time answering our questions and just chatting with us which we both appreciated.  The service and atmosphere was a 5+, if I could give our waitress 10 stars I would!

I must say that most of the food was a 5.  We started off with the jalapeno shooters.  The presentation was adorable and my husband and I both agreed they were the best jalapeno poppers we'd ever had, not to mention the jalapeno ranch sauce they come with, it's delicious!   I ordered the tacos with shrimp, he got the cheeseburger.  I think they were the best tacos I've ever had.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the toppings were a perfect match.  You could taste every flavor, nothing was too overpowering.  I think the portion was huge, I took two of the four tacos home and had them for breakfast today!  My husband went crazy over the burger.   The burger is HUGE; the quality of meat they use was exceptional as well.  My husband never eats leftovers, we usually take his leftovers home for the dogs, but not this time.  He only ate maybe a third of his burger and when I mentioned how happy the dogs would be he said no, he was going to eat it the next day!

So you may wonder why 4 stars instead of 5.  If I could give 4.5 stars I would.  There were just a couple of things I would change.  I didn't like the rice that came with the tacos, I felt it was lacking flavor.  It wasn't bad but when you put it next to something as good as those tacos it just doesn't make sense.  I think next time I'll ask for double beans instead of rice.  The other thing we were slightly disappointed with was dessert.  We got the Mexican chocolate fondue.  Again, it wasn't bad but it was just average compared to the rest of the meal.
Went with a friend on a Sunday which was pretty dead.  We were really looking for some good Mexican food after hearing so much about how good it is in Arizona.

We started with the Chips and Guacamole.  I don't know what happened, but there was no flavor at all.  I could tell the ingredients were fresh but it was as if they just took avacados and served them with chips.  

Next, had the poppers, which were good but nothing to great.  It was spicy and the sauce was good, but I expected more. 

Ordered the Chicken fajitas and again was surprised at how bland and unseasoned everything was.

Overall, was disappointed in the food.  Not sure if they were just off their game since it was a Sunday night.  I assume there are better Mexican options in Scottsdale.
My parents insisted on coming here last week, as they had eaten here in December and loved it. Of course, I Yelped it before I agreed to go with them (hey, my time back in Scottsdale is precious-I won't want to waste a single meal on a potentially bad place). The reviews pretty much summed up our experience:

-Robert McGrath is gone (our server confirmed this for us)
-New menu that's not as enticing
-Food is awful now
-Absolutely terrible management!

As reviews indicated, the place WAS good, before McGrath left. The menu also USED to be good, and food was good too, but is no longer the case. The three of us struggled with what to order, as nothing really sounded too great. My dad went with a chimichanga, my mom went with a Mexican chopped salad with shrimp, and I decided to have a Caesar with shrimp. My dad actually enjoyed his, until later that night when he became ill.

Both my salad and my mom's salad were pretty much inedible. The produce was clearly never high quality, as evidenced by the mealy tomatoes and wilty lettuce. But the worst part was definitely the fishy-tasting shrimp. How does that even happen?! How old were these shrimp that they developed a fishy taste?

The waitress stopped by for about .5 seconds right when the food was delivered, and since we hadn't really tasted anything yet, we said things were fine. However, a few minutes into our meal we realized we needed to speak to a manager about the poor quality of the food (especially since my parents had such high expectations from their prior visit). The waitress was absolutely nowhere to be found, nor was the manager, or any other employee for that matter. It took easily 10 minutes before we actually saw any employee of the restaurant-maybe they all took a break at the same time? We were one of only a few tables in the place, so it's not like our waitress was busy with someone else...

Anyway, we finally asked our waitress to grab the manager for us. ANOTHER 10 minutes went by before the manager showed up. When he arrived, we calmly explained that poor quality of nearly all the ingredients in both of our salads, and I told him about the reviews I'd read and how my parents insisted it was so good that we had to try it and that I'd hoped the reviews weren't true. I should mention he looked like a deer in headlights when I mentioned online reviews. 

We expressed our disappointment (but we weren't obnoxious about it, I just really felt that it's only fair to tell the management about the poor food quality before writing a review online about it and told him so), and his response was simply: "You're the first people to complain all night!" Oh, great. The first ones all night? Do we get a prize? Does that mean you received food complaints yesterday, and the day before that? We're just the only ones to complain TODAY, which must mean our opinion isn't valid. 

He didn't apologize. He didn't validate our feelings about the food as any good manager would. He just seemed confused as to how we could possibly have these opinions. But it gets better! He then says, "Well, the waitress said she checked and you guys said you were enjoying everything." Seriously? You can see very plainly that we have eaten almost nothing. Talk about feeling uncomfortable-it was like we were completely unable to have a low opinion of this place. 

He said nothing more and walked away. He brought us the bill, with the salads removed, and walked away. Still no apology. We didn't ask for anything to be removed, we really only wanted him to acknowledge that the food sucked and that he'd do something to ensure future guests don't encounter fishy-fish and baggy lettuce. It was nice of him to remove the food from the bill, but there is just no excuse for making customers (a) eat crappy food, and then (b) feel uncomfortable about not enjoying it.
Great food, service and atmosphere!  Drinks/margaritas are super weak and too much mix/sugar.  Only thing I hate about the Spotted Donkey is that it's not closer to our house!
alot  of are taliking about this place nice cozy new menu tasta food the Chips and Guacamole is a gear started overal good but not great service is kinder slow
This is my wife's and my favorite place to eat in Scottsdale. The skinny margaritas are very good and the pork nachos are amazing. We recently split an order of tacos, she had chicken while I had the shrimp. The care given to the meat in everything we had was appreciated as it seems that the they marinate everything for a few days beforehand, very tender and tasty. 

We used to visit the origanum location by the Boulders resort and just happened to notice this one closer to Scottsdale. We were pleasantly surprised to see our favorite bartender waiting for us when we arrived during our annual sojourn to the Phoenix area. 

The new location is much larger and loses a bit of the charm of the original spot. However, the ambience is both relaxing and easy on the senses. 

Fantastic place to eat and drink.
Spotted Donkey Cantina, or SDC, is a interesting mix of Mexican, Spanish, and maybe even Indian food. Being from Texas I am used to traditional Tex Mex when I have Mexican food, and SDC's dishes could not be farther from that. That is not to say that I didn't enjoy it though. 

We made reservations on Open Table straight through the Spotted Donkey Cantina's Yelp page, which was really convenient - especially since we had a big family group of 11 and decided to find a dinner spot around 6:30pm. We got a reservation for 8 and they seated us at a nice big table off by ourselves.

The decor of the restaurant is a cool combo of rustic and modern, with couches and cool art and a ton of seating.

I ordered the prickly pear frozen margarita first, but it was reeaaally sweet so I ordered a skinny marg next and it was awesome.

My only real complaint is that they charged for chips and salsa, which is something I am definitely not used to in Texas. However, the chips came with three different homemade salsas (red, green, and an amazing and SPICY pineapple habanero salsa) and they kept bringing out more when we ran out, so that was nice.

I had the BYO (build your own) short rib tacos. The meat was AWESOME, but the tortillas were really tiny and there weren't a lot of "fixins" to put in the tacos. Overall, good order though. My grandfather got the chopped salad, but I think he got a bit sick from it... could have been something else though, who knows!

This restaurant is very expensive for what you are getting. They should lower their prices and people would order more. I wanted to try a bunch of appetizers and stuff on the menu, but my tacos were like 19 bucks, so I figured it would be a ton of food, so I just ordered the entree.

This restaurant is fine, and I might go back for a skinny margarita and appetizers if I'm back in the Scottsdale area.
Picked this spot for a special occasion in search of somewhere new and different and was very pleased with the experience. Beautiful place, fun atmosphere and great margs. From the guacamole to a variety of entrees, we found the food very satisfying. Good-sized portions and not too overpriced for a Scottsdale spot. Would definitely recommend for a variety of occasions.
Great: Margaritas
Southwest Cobb Salad

Good: Atmosphere - a little older crowd, but a great patio
Chicken Fajitas - good ingredients, not enough chicken

Bad: A little pricey, but very worth it!

Our server Tanner was great!!
Went to Spotted Donkey today and sign says they are closed!
This place had good margaritas! The food was terrible
Some new-opening jitters.  Wait staff isn't really comfortable yet, but this place has all kinds of potential.  It's the second outlet for Chef Charles Schwerd's (Arrowhead Grill) talents.  Our first dinner was a little mixed.  The seven layer salad was very good and Jo-Ann's short ribs were tender and tasty.  But both entrees seemed a bit sweet for her tastes.  The margaritas were just fair and the gimlet was just too watery (too much shaking?)  The wine list was very limited and the wine glasses are just too large for the 5.5 oz pour.

This new restaurant definitely deserves a go-back.  We need a nice place in this end and Blu Agave could just be it.
Update...went a few saturdays ago and the place was packed.  In fact we got the last non reserved table.  I had the stacked enchiladas which were very good but lacked the spice that the menu warned about.  My wife's burrito was also quite good, and my son loved the make your own nachos.  The highlight of the evening were the hot buttered tortillas.  You could make a meal of those alone. 

The bad news- the service.  First we had to stand around while the hostesses first gabbed with some local wannabe rockstar hero, then when they got around to us they needed to look around and try to find a table.  When we said we didn't have reservations it was as if we somehow offended them. We waited over 25 minutes for our food to arrive and when t did get to us it wasn't piping hot as if it just came out of the oven. 

Its not the traditional Mexican faire, and I am glad that it isn't.  I can only tolerate so many Garcia's, LaFonda's, etc. 
I was glad to see that they are pushing several happy hour specials and have started weekend brunch and the occasional patio pig roast.  

It appears that some of the initial excitement has died down but they are still bringing the people in, which is good-the area needs it.
This is brand new restaurant in the master plan of Vistancia in Peoria,  AZ and is touted as mexican comfort food.  Today was my first visit to the Blu Agave and WOW! I was very impressed.  I had the Grilled Chicken Torta and it was yummy :).  Great mix of flavors and the bun was super fresh and super delish.  For dessert my collegues and I tried the Tres Leches Creme Brulee and it was also incredible.  Looking forward to my next visit and plan on bringing a group of my foodie friends.  Thanks Blu Agave!!
Alright, finally got to see what the carpet looked like after the grand opening which was so packed we could not even see the floor.  Very nice place for a date night and a cool bar to watch the big game and even the patio looked sharp.  Very upscale is a little of what we need over here in the west side and I refuse to knock it for the crazy grand opening.  We left after 10 minutes and ran up to Arrowhead Grill for dinner that night, but you cant fault a place for being to popular.  They can't help that they are so good!  

Anyway, we double dated with friends in the area and we started with the shrimp appetizer on top of rice, I am not a big fan of shrimp but it was pretty good, we also all ordered 1 tortilla with butter (which had a sweet flavor to it so it made it special).  I ordered the green chili chicken enchiladas......can I say heavenly?  Hell yes I can, this stuff was great!  The perfect amount of cilantro, sour cream, a tiny bit of spice, and just a great dish.  It was in a 10" low rim bowl with a side of white rice.  My wife and her girlfriend both ordered the 7 layer salad which I guess was good because they both cleaned their bowls as well.  My friend ordered the Argentinian steak....which I presume came from Argentina.  My buddy let me steal a bite and I will be coming back for that since it was darn good,  it had a fajita flavoring to it served with mashed potatoes.  The menu overall isn't to large....it had a few salads, sandwiches, appetizers, only a few entries like the steak and enchiladas and a couple of fish as well.  Then the bottom had a few options for their street tacos and then some desserts.  I am so pleased with this place and cant wait to return.  Once again a home run for Chef Charles!  Oh I forgot to mention our server was great, he had a sense of humor and did a great job and never left us dry.
They are still new and can tell working out some 'issues' nothing earth shattering.  There was a confusion with our reservation - but they acknowledged it, fixed it and gave us a free appetizer.  It really was not a big deal, and their approach made it a bonus.   

Okay - what did we order (we went twice during our stay in AZ so I'll cover both trips).  

- Green Chili Mac and Cheese - Super tasty, great flavor and love the
   combo.
- Smoked Steak Chili - Tender steak, flavorful with just a little kick.  
- Green Chili Stacked Enchilada - Wasn't a favorite, good flavor, just not 
   great presentation.
- 7 Layer Salad - wonderful mix of flavors and textures
- Chips and Trio of Salsa - Love the pico de gallo salsa, the green salsa
   a bit runny and lacking flavor, smoky tomato salsa is excellent.
- Steak Torta Sandwich - Fries were crisp and hot, Sandwich was 
   flavorful and a bit of kick.  Extremely filling.
- Fresh tortillas with Agave Honey Butter - Butter rocks!  Tortilla was a bit 
   too overcooked on the edges and dry, nice flavor.
-  Kids Nachos with steak.  A good deal for a child - not enough meat in
   my sons words "Where is the meat?!?"
-  Kids Burrito.  Huge - and you can pick what you want on the inside.  
-  Taco Trio - Lobster, Chicken and Steak (1 of each).  Tons of meat and
    really good flavor.  A very filling meal.  You can mix and match on those
    too.  
-  Chocolate Molten Cake - very rich and dense with a generous scoop
   of vanilla bean ice cream.  Delicious
-  Homemade Churro Donut Holes - Served in a bag (included with a 
   kids meal) and available for adults too.  Hot, steamy and oh so 
   delicious.  Two sauces to dip in - strawberry and chocolate.  Yum!!

As I said, there are some issues to work through.  The turn around on entrees is pretty slow - but worth the wait.  I'll easily wait for food that is fresh, hot and delicious as opposed to reheated elements of Sysco.  Just know going in that this is not a fast quick meal, if you are in a rush you'll just be frustrated and no matter how good it is you still won't like it.  

Prices - I felt they were appropriate.  The food was worthy of the price and I didn't feel like my cost to quality ratio was off.  As I said, we went back again while visiting and when we return we will go back.  Good food, good prices and I have a feeling the turnaround time will improve.  

Oh, on more thing - I am so impressed that they have hired young people to bus the tables.  We had a 15 yr old young man that was polite, attentive and personable.  What a great opportunity to learn the ropes and how to be respectful and responsible.  Rare opportunity and one to be applauded by the owners!!  Kudos to you all around!!
Nice atmosphere, service was lacking . I had the 8 layer salad.. Tasty and the red sangria smooth and the myan milkshake was their saving grace.
Sorry, but the second try did this place in as far as we're concerned.  Slow, slow kitchen.  The "Burro" was eh - good meat but poorly flavored filling.  The "cowboy" beans were lousy, as was the tasteless rice.  My wife had the lasagna-style Chicken (Chickaquiles or something like that) - pure mush with very little chicken.  Charles, you need to spend some time here!!!

The drinks were good.
Love this place!! Love the flavors, love the food. Its a real good place to hang out and have a drink and watch a game.  The Kids menu is good. We will be going back often.
I like this place for a few reasons. First and foremost are the Margaritas and Sangria. They are fan-flippin-tastic! I have my priorities people. 
Next, the salmon and Gaucho steak dish are perfection. They serve the salmon with an asparagus slaw(cold). If you are sitting near me I will eat it right off your plate, good stuff! Watch out. 
And last but not least is that it so close to my house. Easy to go out for happy hour drinks during the busy weekdays. They have a patio that is a nice size but I think it could use some more decor and maybe better seating. When I say better, I mean more comfortable. Once you sit in any of the bar area(indoors) tables you will know what I'm talking about. They often have a live music as well. 
I have also had the chicken tortilla soup, no bueno. Served in a red broth made it.......weird. Sorry I don't have a better word right now. 

The only reason I didn't go all out on the stars is because it is such a new place. In it's delicate infancy, I don't want to put the stamp of greatness too soon. It would be like saying that your baby is a genius before giving it and IQ test. Let the testing begin!!!!!
So My husband and I wanted to take my Mom out to celebrate her promotion and she chose Blue Agave. She and my father and been once before with friends, and my Mom had been going on about their Bulldog Margaritas for weeks. 
We made the trip out there and when we arrived went straight to the bar. We walked right past the man who would be out server and took a seat. The restaurant was slow, only and handful of people at the bar and it didn't look like there was anyone in the dining room at all. It remained this way through out the night. So I am confused on why our service was so slow. While we waited for our server, my father noticed that another server had to make the gentlemen we almost walked right into aware of our presence. I guess we were hard to see, being at a bar table right near the kitchen and all. Through out the night service continued this way. A little tip, apparently you have to order a beer twice for it to arrive at your table, or at least that was the case for dear old Dad. 
The food was better then the service, but just barely. Charging 50cents a tortilla seems odd, but we went for it because we really wanted to try the agave butter. The butter was good, not mind blowing, but good, the tortillas were small. They can't even shell out the chips and salsa, so I'm not surprised that the portions were a tad on the small side, you get that feeling that they are just fighting to keep their doors open by charging you for every thing they can. I had the sante fe shrimp appetizer as an entree, along with a side salad. I enjoyed the shrimp, as well as the rice they were served over. My salad was nice, the cilantro dressing was boring, but I liked that they used Jimica in the salad. Dad ordered the Green Chili Cheese Burger, meh. My Mom and husband both had the enchilada style lasagna. After they each poured about half a bottle of the house made tapitillo on top it was pretty good. The server admitted that he too uses the hot sauce when he orders it, so they know its bland. Maybe they are trying to cater to the older crowd that seems to frequent the place? Spice is your friend people! 
We had tried to order another round of those bulldog margaritas before happy hour was over, cause they were most definitely the highlight of our meal. Our drinks were empty, our food was nearly gone, and our server had been MIA for awhile, so when we noticed it was 8 minutes until happy hour was over we flagged down another server and asked him to tell ours to order another round on happy hour prices. Well, the drinks came, but when we got our bill we noticed they were not on happy hour. We had meant to ask our server about this before he ran the bill, he should have mentioned that they were full price, but didn't. Well wouldn't you know, the only quick service he provided all night was swooping in snagging that bill of the table. He had ran the card before we even noticed he had picked up the check. Very stealthy. 
So basically I will be making my own bulldog margaritas at home.
I have been here several times in the, dare I say, several weeks, too hot to cook.  The food has always been very good and served in a decent time.  The first time I came in service was slow, but I have not seen that waiter since and have had no problems since.  I will continue going there, highly recommend it to anyone.
Second visit.  Came in and saw the "seat urself" sign.  We sat down with a view of the Bar TVs.  The Bartender made eye contact at least 3 times.  Wait staff made eye contact twice... After 10 mins or longer my husband got up from our table and went to the bar.  He got our drinks and asked the Bartender if he was to order our food at the bar.  Bartender said, "sure, what would u like?"  Husband told him he would go back to our table with a menu and take our order for him. (What is going on here??) Finally the Bartender advised there was a waitress and he would send her over to us.  Did they think we came to their restaurant to watch their TV's and not eat or drink?

Waitress wasn't much help.  Husband had to go to the bar for a refill.  Then she over charged us for the beer, stating she was unaware they were on special (it was the last hour before close).

I can say the food has been good both times we went there.

The service the second visit was absurd.  They must not need our money.  I don't see them staying long with that service.  Oh and FYI we Facebooked our concerns to them, they deleted our post.  Classy!
It is getting better........the bar is good and my bartender was excellent. She was friendly and quick.....I recall this place when it was some Safari inspired eatery that went under. I was there the weekend they opened up.....it just feels like they are teetering if you get my drift. It may morph into "THE" local place to hang if it gets some more years under its belt. I do not recall the food was bad per se but cannot recall what I got.......I do remember that I was pleased over all with my dinner and appetizers. GREAT outdoor patio. Owner does her best to get around to folks. I have yet to feel like I HAVE to get back there for any reason other than a good venue to have a few beers after golf at Trilogy. If I go in again and it is better....I will update my post out of fairness. This place deals with a very diverse clientele from retirees to young families to high income so focus may be an issue here....just my humbleO
I've been coming to this restaurant for sometime now ever since they first opened. It is literally walking distance from my house but I'm lazy sometimes and it's more convenient to drive. I think I never reviewed it because I was hoping it would always get better. 
The owners of this restaurant also own Arrowhead Grill (a fancier steak house) around Union Hills and 83rd Avenue. I figure their goal was to provide a modern take on authentic Mexican/South American food. Their food is overall good. They serve food like tortilla soup, tortas, and chimchurri steak. They also provide a roasted chicken with South American spices that's really good. When it all comes down to it, they're really good at red meats.
You can't go wrong with the Gaucho steak or the chimchurri steak. However you want those steaks prepared, it turns out perfect!
When my mother in law ordered the halibut special this past Valentine's Day, she almost didn't eat it because she thought it was too dry. When I order the street tacos with shrimp, the shrimp seemed to be overcooked. So from those couple experiences, I figured it's better to avoid the seafood, but those could have been "off nights" those couple of separate experiences.
They once had a pork posole soup, but I think that item has been removed from the menu a few months ago. The menu description said it was a spicy posole, but it wasn't spicy at all. Ironically, the chicken tortilla soup was spicier and so much more flavorful. This is another go-to menu item you should try aside from the steaks if you go here. 
What's funny is despite the fact that this restaurant is "Mexican," the burgers are delicious! Sometimes on Mondays, they offer buy one burger get the second one free, BUT the beef patties are sometimes smaller when you get this special. Just order the regular non-happy hour burger, and you'll get a 1/2 lb patty that is one of the most delicious burgers you've ever tasted! It's all in the seasoning. There's 2 varieties: chile burger or the plain cheeseburger. Both are delicious! Did I mention they're awesome? The fries that accompany the burgers are just okay. Sometimes they're cooked perfectly sometimes it seems like they've been in the fryer for too long. So sorry, that one's a hit or miss. 
This restaurant is probably most popular for their Bulldog Margaritas. These frozen margaritas come with a Coronita beer upside down in the margarita glass. Before when I used to order them, you could request them non-frozen, but that's no longer an option now. Oh well! I still like them. 
So far, two of the waiters, my husband and I love! Otherwise, the service is just okay. We often sit in the bar area too, but sometimes we've had better service at the bar area than in the actual dining area. 
There are bands that play on weekends, and I think there's karaoke on Thursday nights starting at 7pm. Their brunches are now only on Sundays from 11am to 1 or 2pm. Since this restaurant is nestled in at the entrance of the Vistancia community, it's good that they try to have community events and have stuff for the local Vistancians to do on the weekends. Out of convenience of having this restaurant so close to our home, we will definitely be supporting this local restaurant and continue eating what we know they're good at: red meats and their chicken tortilla soup!
I used to go to the Blu Agave in old town Scottsdale, so I was really looking forward to ordering food from here to go last night!

First, I googled Blu Agave and couldn't find their website.  It kept bringing up the Mayo Blvd restaurant, which I later found out has an entirely different menu.  It's too bad because I really wanted to order the Kettle Carne!

I finally found their actual website through Yelp.  I was a little bummed to see it wasn't the same menu, but I decided to order the Carne Asada Burro.  I grabbed the phone number, jumped in my car, and called from the car.  After being sent to a voicemail twice, finally someone picked up.  When I asked to order to go, they put me on hold for a very long time.  Finally, when someone came on to take my order I asked for the Carne Asada burro.  He informed me that they have a limited summer menu and it isn't on the menu.  I told him that since I'm in the car and don't have access to the menu, what would he recommend.  He suggested the carne asada tacos.  I told him I'd like rice and beans too and he said it came with it.  Great.

When I come into the restaurant (on a Saturday night at 8pm), it is completely dead.  There was not 1 person sitting at a table!  There was no hostess or anyone around.  I had to walk all the way to the back where the bar was.  There were about 10 people sitting around the bar with really obnoxiously loud music playing.  The bartender came out with my food and I paid and left.

When I got home and opened my food container, I was really disappointed.  I wish I had taken a picture.  It was pathetic.  There was a little bit of meat on top of a tortilla at the bottom, with some tomatoes and other things.  That's it.  I can't believe I spent $14 on that!  What happened to the rice and beans too?

I didn't care for the tortilla, so I just ate the carne asada with a fork.  It was good, but not $14 good.  I can realistically see spending maybe $4 on this meal.  It was nothing.

What a let down.  I should have just gone to Chipotle, spent $6 and gotten a ton more food for that price.

After reading all these reviews, I would stear clear of this place and go elsewhere....
Stopped here for a drink with my mom and we both had a bulldog, which is a margarita with a corona pouring into it, slowly. If you don't know what a bulldog is, you really need to order one asap and give it a shot. 

My only problem is that they didn't automatically salt the glass for us, so I would make sure to ask for salt and the bulldog on the rocks. The decor inside was southwestern chic, and it looked like an upscale modern mexican dish type place. I might go back for dinner sometime, but I would recommend to management to make sure to ask customers if they want salt when they order the bulldog.
Barbeque is in short supply around these parts and it's nice to see Food Fight trying yet another idea in this constantly changing location. 

As I don't live in the area, I made it a point to stuff myself silly with menu items. I went straight to the taco selection. Achiote Tilapia, Lemon Cilantro Shrimp, Crispy Buffalo Chicken, and BBQ Brisket Tacos all found their way into my mouth that day. That, in addition to a basket of fries and coleslaw.

The tacos were all great. One of the difficulties with the tacos was trying to determine which of the four house barbeque sauces to pair them with since they were all perfectly tasty as prepared. I just used to the french fries to test the sauces. My only mild, but expected, disappointment was that none of the bbq sauce had any heat. However, I did once live in Madison and I know that most Sconnies have zero tolerance for capsaicin. Whereas, I like to add it to my eye drops in the morning.

The fries were kind of boring and the coleslaw was a little too Carolina style for me, but that's not why I came in here. Next time, I'll head to the straight forward barbeque side of the menu and not look back. This place is a good change from the many, many previous options that this building has held.
They've changed the menu..Again! I guess the service is friendly but god help you if you show up when its busy. I won't be back.
I really wanted to give this place a better review, as I love the Food Fight establishments, so I'll try it again in the future and update then...

12:30 on a Saturday, party of 3.  The Ranch is serving both lunch and brunch.  Lots of small children there, ages 3 and under, which could be a good or bad thing depending on your point of view.  They had crayons and whatnot for the kids.

The menu consists of a lot of Tex-Mex flavors, and they've also ported some of their BBQ from the El Dorado Grill.  And like the El Dorado, they have one of the best selections of Tequila and Mezcal in town.  The lunch menu consists of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. plus the BBQ.  The brunch menu has a lot of Tex-Mex egg dishes, as well as pancakes and french toast.

We got our drinks ordered (a coke, a limeade, and a beer) after we sat down, and then waited 10 minutes for them.  The waitress apologized for the delay (without prompting and I appreciate that) and said that the bar was overwhelmed.  Of course, that also meant we had to wait longer than expected to order our food.  And when our drinks arrived, they showed up at another table first because the waitress had written down the wrong table number for the order.

When our food finally arrived, we got to watch it go to another table's patrons for a couple of minutes before it got routed back to our table.  I don't know about you, but I'm not a huge fan of not being able to see what's being done to my food by other random people in the restaurant.

I ordered the Chorizo Scrambler off the brunch menu, where the main course was eggs, chorizo, and poblano peppers.  The sides were refried beans, potatoes, flour tortillas, and sour cream.  Side note, the sour cream wasn't listed on the menu for this dish although it was listed on others.  That's a pet peeve of mine because you run the risk of giving a dish to someone where they're allergic to an ingredient (or in my case just don't like it) and you waste time and materials if you end up sending it back to the kitchen to make it again.  I just sucked it up and didn't say anything because I didn't want to be there for 90 minutes.

The dish arrived cold on the outside and lukewarm in the center.  The Chorizo Scrambler had good flavor, but I can't say I'm a fan of cold eggs.  Again, I probably should have said something, but I was in a hurry and we were already there about 20 minutes longer than we should have been.  The beans were decent, but the potatoes were more of a softer buttered potato dish that I commonly have for dinner than the standard grilled and more firm "breakfast" potato that I'm used to.  They weren't bad, but I'm not sure that it fit the overall meal.

The decor was kitschy, with cowboy and Texas themes, which was ok.  The servers wore cowboy shirts, just in case I didn't notice they were going for a theme.  And the cowboy/country music was pretty loud and became unbearable towards the end of the visit.  We hoped that either the staff could block it out, or really liked that kind of music.  If your tastes run that way, you'll love this place.

My next visit I'll try to come when it's dead, because the service during a standard lunch service was much slower than it should have been.  I can't imagine how they keep up during a busy period.

I hope this was just an anomaly, because I want this place to succeed.  Next time I'll stick to the BBQ and Tequila and see how I fare.
Not only do you have to pay for chips and salsa, but ours were WAY salty. And I like salt. The salsa was good, but I tasted it for the rest of the evening.

I tried two tacos, the fried avocado and the carne asada. Neither made me desire to come back for more. My significant other tried the frito burrito, which easily could feed 3 people. Fried chicken, fritos and very un-authentic Mexican rice wrapped in a flour tortilla topped with guilty pleasure queso. It reminded me of taco bell on crack.

I'd give it another try but won't be racing back.
I've been to Tex Tubb's before - like 2 yrs ago - and thought it was pretty good back then but never went back. I remember the brisket sandwich being good and the guacamole and chips, but not enough to keep me heading back. That said, we just recently received a gift card and thought we try it out again since we heard it changed names and menus. Being from San Antonio, TX - I immediately went for their brisket breakfast plate and enjoyed every mouth watering spoonful. I appreciated all the different sauces and used them all! My partner from Milwaukee loved her huevos rancheros, and our friends thought the pancakes were good because we think they use mexican vanilla. So overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely be back for sunday brunch. And because we will be back probably in the next week or so ~ I felt it deserved 4 stars!

Facts: The sunday we went it was pretty empty so we received excellent service (obviously) and the food prices were average. The atmosphere reminds me a lot of Austin and home in general because it's colorful and spirited. The staff was energetic and having fun which I like.

I recommend to other Tejanos or really anyone looking to try bar-b-que in Madison, WI ~ "it is about as close to home as you can get!"
Had a breakfast burrito on a Sunday afternoon and it was impressive - tender, flavorful carne asada with roasted tomatoes and jalapenos, scrambled eggs and just the right amount of cheese.  Everyone in our party of 6 liked their meals.  I was disappointed that they had no brisket - really wanted to try that.  Oh well.  Our server was excellent.  I'll be back.
Have gone here several times for sunday brunch. Had cactus eggs benedict which was really good.  Not busy at all, service has been surprisingly slow even with only having a few tables worth of people there or I would have given it 5 stars. Love foodfight inc. resturants (which this is) love love love them!
I was nervous about trying this place at first for lunch on a friday.  the friends i was visiting recommended this place b/c they lived right by here within walking distance.  when we walked in, it took quite a few minutes before anyone came out to seat us.  once seated everything became perfect.

I started off with a frito pie b/c it was a local favorite and i can see why.  it was simple with a bag of fritos smothered in house made queso cheese sauce and chili and topped with this amazing corn salsa.  the flavor and spice was addictive.  

for the main course i had the brisket sandwich with mac & cheese and texas fries.  the brisket and fries were average, but they had a variety of bbq sauces that definitely enhanced the flavor and taste of both dishes.  the mac and cheese was very impressive.  it had that perfect baked cheese on top mixed in with that spicy queso.  perfect combo for an excellent side dish addition.

dont be fooled by the portion sizes, they look small at first, but i definitely left the meal completely full and satisfied.  the service was great, the restaurant was clean and our drinks were constantly filled.  try the prickle pear margarita and mojito, both were refreshing and hit the spot on a hot humid madison afternoon.
Was on my way to a friend's house and stopped for a quick bite to eat.  Ordered:

Volcano Burrito - $2.99
7 Layer Burrito - $2.09
Double Decker Taco Supreme - $1.89

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4UmjnX46qbhV6-D5W89IOQ?select=SmsWfXhrU4AJl6D4nJu6bw

They were fast, accurate, and the food was decent.  It's a Taco Bell, what would you expect?

Return Factor - 15%
This used to be a good place to go in a pinch for a quick lunch. 
But the service has really gone down hill.
If you go through the drive thru .. DO NOT EXPECT to get packets of sauce even when you ask for them. 
Also don't expect your drink occasionally because they think they gave it to you.
The food is good.. 
But the service really has taken a turn for the worse here.
I hope they get it together soon.
It's Taco Bell. Fast food, Americanized Mexican food. It's cheap and quick. We seem to stop here after a late night at the bar and suddenly realize we're hungry and have nothing in the frig. Taco's, Mexican Pizza, Nachos, or chicken Chalupas are usually what I get; my husband seems to like their burritos. Don't expect anything hot or spicy even with the sauce packets.
We had a wonderful experience this evening. Our drive thru window attendant Abby was very friendly and professional.
Normally a Taco Bell is a Taco Bell. However this is not the case here as the people always go way beyond what you would expect. The restaurant is always super clean. The people working there are always very polite, friendly, and have a respectable appearance. The food is also always great; I've never had a bad meal there.

Basically the  employees take pride in their work there and it shows.
It has been awhile since I ate inside Taco Bell. After work, I gave it a try.
  The taco and burrito was good on my tastebuds. Ditto with a tropical flavored Mountain Dew, that I have only seen at Taco Bell.
  I was happy with the service. The lady who took my order also brought my food to my table. And for waiting a few minutes, she bestowed me with a complimentary caramel apple empanada. I have been to various fast food places, waiting on an order for an indifferent employee to hand me my order without any acknowledgement. So it is friendly customer service that leaves me with a good opinion of this Taco Bell.
It's Taco Bell. Nothing great. In fast and poor quality. Nothing else.
As of today's date, they DESPERATELY need a new speaker box!  It's the ones you see in the comedies that cuts out half of your order.  For people like my fianc and myself who order custom food, that SUCKS.

This location was initially better a couple years ago, but it has been going downhill.  Not really sure what happened.  =T

The boo has given up on ordering quesadillas at this location.  =(  Every time they are bad.  It's either they add the sauce (he asks for no sauce), they overcook them (wtf?), they don't add enough cheese (mmm dry tortilla...), or - most recently - they add a RIDICULOUS amount of onion.  This is new.  They never had onion in their quesadillas before.  He gave it to me upon that discovery and I, the Onion Queen, deemed it too onion-y.  Yikes.  (For reference I enjoy eating onions raw as well as every other way you can eat them.)

Service is slow even when no one's in line.  Overall food quality is still good for Taco Bell, but I really wish they'd add Diet Mountain Dew to their fountain.  ARG.
I went in the drive thru & it was busy. I ordered like 5 things off the menu & they forgot to make my nachos :( 
But i turned right back around & they were very nice & even gave me an extra burrito! Everything was delicious. I go for their mountain dew blast soda & awesome crunchwraps !
Customer service here sucks!  Every time I go to this location I am very disappointed. I go thru the drive thru and order and the person doesn't get my order right the first time or second time. Finally after repeating my order correctly I go to pay and they managed to still leave out one of the items I ordered.
Open late, quick taco fix with double Decker taco. Its a hybrid taco that has soft taco outside filled with beans inside then another layer of hard shell taco then inside has beef tomatoes lettuce sourcream n sauce.. also had the Mexican pizza...mmmmm mmm good.
Boy do I love the Mexican pizza but outside of that not so much.
I had to write a review about this because it's hilarious to me that some wrote a review and gave the service a good note but the food a bad one.  Ha Ha!  It's Taco Bell.  It should only be consumed when you're drunk, hungover, or just want to punish yourself!  Don't get me wrong, I love it, but's horrible for you.  I feel like if you go to Taco Bell you know this.  Just me?
Note to self:  the chicken in the chicken taco looks suspect.  Against my better judgment I tried a couple of bites of my chicken taco.  The chicken was so white it scared me, lol.  It wasn't awful but it was terribly bland and almost appeared undercooked. 

On the bright side, this place is clean, service is quick, and the doritos locos taco is pretty good.
Service is always slow and usually not very nice...the food, well it's Taco bell so it's good..
Taco Bell has always been a favorite fast food restaurant but the service here is what made the visit.  Drive thru, little bit of a line but was offered cini twists for the wait and advised to be careful with food because its fresh and could burn.  This Taco Bell cares about its customers =] I'm a picky eater and got a few special items and had no issues.
Polite staff.....and two (and a half?) Words..... Cinnabun bites.

They are mire like warm cream puffs than cinnabuns, but I am sad that they only come four to an order, and happy that they are served all day.
Breakfast burrito or AM crunch wrap, both delicious, truly freshly made and not that expensive for breakfast. 
I don't know about the waffle breakfast taco, it doesn't look very good and I won't try it.
A GREAT idea Taco Bell, but I doubt that the workers there are too happy to be up so early in the morning.
This taco bell to me is wayy different then the other taco bells around. This one is one of the worst in the valley. The staff is very polite but the food is not good at all. I suggest going to the one on warm springs! Soo much better over there it's worth the drive.
I use to go to the drive-thru several times a week for the last couple of months it is very slow getting through even if I only have one car in front of me it seems to take forever I don't know if its new employees or what but I've certainly cut my visits down.  They have to drive thru windows here where you can pay at one pick up your food is another perhaps they need to start implementing the second window
I feel a little silly writing a review for a fast food chain because really, the food is the same no matter where you go - or it should be at least. But I have to write a review for this location because their service is so fantastic!

I always drive through and am greeted by someone in a cheery voice. For example, "How are you today?" "I'm good thanks, how are you?" "I'm doing taco-tastic, thanks for asking!" or if you say you need a minute before ordering, "Sorry, we're all out of minutes, would you like some seconds instead?" I would accuse all the employees of being high on the job (it IS taco bell, after all), but they're all so perky that that can't possibly be it. 

One time they forgot my cinnabon bites and I had to go back for them - no sweat getting them, but inconvenient because making u-turns in this town is a huge hassle. 

Still, even though the Warm Springs location is closer for me, I always come to the Horizon Ridge one just because they are so much nicer to interact with. One time at the Warm Springs location, they handed me my food and said, "here you go" and turned away. No "thank you," no "have a nice day," nothing! I don't get out a lot, and if the only interaction I'm going to have all day is with a taco bell employee, I want it to be a pleasant one! (Boy that last line makes me sound SUPER pathetic.....)
One of the few places that are open late night in the area, this is the place I go to after 10 pm to grab a quick bite.  I order my usual....

7 Layer Burrito
2 - Cheesy Rice & Bean Burritos

They're pretty fast in getting your order ready.  I've never had a bad meal or service at this location.

Return Factor - 80%
I just bought a nacho cheese chalupa like 3 days ago which is what I get everytime I go to taco bell and all of a sudden now they "don't make them" so I have to pay 75 cents more for the nacho cheese everytime I order it? How does that make any sense at all. They just lost a loyal customer.
Food's always been good, the service and speed is a bit more hit and miss than I am used to even for Taco Bell.   Also not pleased with the grillers being priced above a buck now.  I liked em at 99 cents!
I avoid this Taco Bell and make the drive 5 miles to the one on McDowell. This place sucks.  WORST SERVICE EVER. Can't get an order right.
Went back. Still can't get an order right. 

Also, employees standing outside smoking and taking my order, as a smoker, disgusts me.
Frequent this Taco Bell fairly often and experienced terrible service yesterday.  Sonny, the shift manager, informed us upon ordering that there would be a wait for the food, as there was a backup.  We agreed and placed our order.  While watching everyone else get their food, we approached the counter 20 minutes later, only to find our food had been sitting there, but no one had bothered to call our number.  The food was completely cold, and Sonny had a complete attitude when we complained that he had not notified us that the food was ready.  He claimed that there was no way the food could be cold and was a total jerk, which prompted us to ask for a refund.  Won't go here again, as there are plenty of other TBs in the area with better service.
I love Taco Bell. 
This location is beautiful. The interior reminds me of a local cantina vs the generic fast food feeling. 

The food is consistent and the store is always clean. Even the art work is a little more hip that I'm used too. 

The only gripe I have is the hours.... 
9am to 10pm lobby. The drive through an extra hour.   I feel like Taco Bell is known for fourth meal, which is in the middle of the night. 

But I'm sure the staff doesn't mind not working overnight.
I'm in the area frequently, so I eat lunch here often when I'm in need of a quick bite to eat.  Nine times out of ten, it's a good experience as long as I get here before 12 pm.  Once 12 pm hits, it's impossible to find a table/seat since it's the start of the lunch rush.

My fav items to get are 7 Layer Burritos and Bean Burritos.  This location makes larger than average portions too, so you get your money's worth.

The employees here are usually friendly and helpful.  That's one of the reasons I come back so often.

Return Factor - 80%
It's Taco Bell. You know exactly what you are going to get...sick later.
Don is awesome. He's the reason I come to this Taco Bell. Wish it was open later.  But don makes it worth the drive.  Best Taco Bell ever.
This is my local Taco Bell and also my favorite, I know it may not be gourmet or actual Mexican food but it's a guilty pleasure that I can't stay away from.  And this location is always clean and has friendly service and seem to prepare my orders just the way I like it compared to others.
As far as Taco Bell locations go, this is a solid one. I have never had an incorrect order, cold food or anything bad. They are relatively quick and everyone is usually nice.
There are a lot of Taco Bells to choose from in the Vegas Valley and unless your like me and this one is close by or its just on the way then pass it up!

There's nothing really wrong with this Taco Bell in general but every time we are craving some TB we go here because its the only one near by and they just drive me crazy because they never have the new burrito or taco and always seem to run out of the items that I want or like. I mean how can you advertise the new Nacho burrito all over the place and don't have it or we are sorry we ran out of those right now. Wait what. how the crap do you run out of tortia chips, cheese, beef, beans and tortias when that's what you do!

All in all its a taco bell and honestly when it comes to the flavor and service its pretty much the same. Sometimes there are good employees there that care sometimes there's not and its not the locations fault its the young dumb kid behind the counter! So I can't blame TB franchise for that. 

As far as there seating area its pretty large for a taco bell. typically clean and just as any TB you get your food done the same and fast!
I always say it's so hard to review chains.  This Taco Bell is located close to my home.  This is where I am torn.  It's also next to Roberto's Taco Shop.  I actually enjoy some taco bell every once and while.  I really think the only reason I go is because of the drive thru.  When you have 2 kids in the back of the car, it's kind of hard to unload the kids and get down sometimes.  

When I go to taco I usually order the same 'ol things.  I get a bean burrito and some nachos.  The food is ok. I have left this taco bell missing some items, so that gets annoying.  Overall it's a taco bell.  Chains are consistent.  What ever you get here in Las Vegas will be the same in Texas and other place in the country.  The restaurant stays pretty clean when I do go inside and the workers usually look pretty happy.  If you want something specific from Taco Bell then check it out.  Otherwise, there are plenty of other fast Mexican food joints close by.  Cheers!
Drive through very slow at this location...But i love Taco Bell!!
Meh.

I was having my friend over who I have not seen in awhile for a movie night. I asked her what she wanted to eat and she said Taco Bell so I drove there to get food before she came.

I picked the drive-thru and ordered a Mexican Pizza for my buddy and asked for no meat because she chooses to exclude it from her diet. They asked me 3x if I was sure that I did not want meat in the Mexican Pizza and all 3x I said, "Yes, no meat in the Mexican Pizza" 

I finished my order, paid, picked up the food, and went home.

The taco that I had ordered looked like a joke because it was only half filled? Where was the rest of the insides? Lol. My friend bit into her food and immediately spat it back out with a horrified look on her face saying there was meat in there. I apologized profusely and assured her that I did ask them not to put meat in there. Basically, there was no movie night because we had to go out to eat.
We r regulars and usually dine in.  Again today I see the girl at the window blowing her nose then handle orders.  Last time the person took money with gloves on then proceeded to make our order and did not change gloves.  This staff needs a refresher on food handling!  Good was Luke warm again.
We came to Aliante casino to enjoy their new restaurant Cabo. I received a email to come and try the $7.99 All U Can Eat Taco special that is available all-day. The wait time to be seated is about 20 min but that is expected because the restaurant is brand new to the Aliante community. Sitting at the bar is quicker and the bartender is pretty cool. 

But this entire experience turned into something very horrible. Once we were seated and placed our order for two tacos each, it took Cabo exactly one hour to bring the first order of tacos out to us. Prior to receiving our food, we had to complain to the manager that its taking forever and he advised us that our food is now ready to be delivered to our table. Moments later one of our many waitress' advised us that our order has been lost and they have to start over on making our food. This really had me beyond upset. Once again we complained to the manager and he offered to comp our drinks from the bar and food.

Now, once our food finally came out after many complaints and waitinf for 60 minutes to get it and eating through two baskets of chips, we all thought everything was going to be smooth sailing from there until the one person in my party, who's allergic to tomatoes and onions, began to feel really really sick while eating. She distinctly told the manager and a waiter and waitress that she's allergic to those ingredients three times before ordering. They didn't put the ingredients on her tacos but failed to tell her that they marinated their meats in a tomatoe and onion sauce.

After she ran out the restaurant to puke all of her food up the manager kept asking me if I would like another drink and I'm like "No! You jerk! You guys just poisoned my friend!". Cabo eventually called security who then called the EMT's who had to treat her. It was so embarrassing. After being treated and filing an incident report with Aliante Casino's Risk Management department we went back to Cabo to get a business card and info of the manager. His name was Joe, he refused to give us his last name, and gave us a business card of Cabo's food and beverage director who's not even located in Las Vegas. How unprofessional is that?!

On the other hand, Pricing on food ranges from $4-$18 depending on what you order. They also have a 3p-6:30p on Fridays and that includes $4-$6 and a drink special that include beverages from $4-$6.

Overall, the new addition to Aliante casino is horrid! I will never again in my life order food or even a glass of water from this horrible restaurant. We even told the manager that we're affiliates of Yelp.com and he gave us a serious blank stare and asked "What is Yelp?". Really sir?! Smh at this unorganized establishment and its rude staff. The only reason I give this restaurant one Yelp Star rating is because its not available to give them a negative five Yelp Star.
Great service,  retro mex. decor, the food was good, i had the chicken fajita  good mild seasoning and big portion.  The only thing I did not like was the chicken quesadilla on the childrens menu,  it had some strong seasoning my little one did not care for.
Quite frankly...the Alliante Station might be the worst hotel in Las Vegas when it comes to finding a decent meal.  With the exception of MRKT, the other outlets have no concept of fresh well prepared food.  Tonite I tried Cabo...Del Taco has a better chance of getting me back...cheap ingredients prepared poorly with no attention to detail is not a combination for success.
The service at the bar is always very good but man, the food just sucks. 

I think they share the same "Mexican" food as the buffet. Only difference is that it's put together by somebody and then served to you. 

I've eaten here on at least four separate occasions because I like to give the benefit of the doubt. Well one things for sure, sticking to drinks only from now on unless they do a complete menu overhaul.
This placed has reopened as The Salted Lime. Rating is for the new place.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-salted-lime-north-las-vegas#hrid:OZJEtNQ_J4lUkD8-589_fw
Four people at the bar and service seriously took forever. The bartender was too busy talking to slot players to pay attention to anyone else.
YUM!!
I went to Nachobot last night and had the veggie option. Carmalized mushrooms, whole cloves of roasted garlic, cilantro, pico de gallo & 2 types of cheese! They come with chopsticks! This is a challenging proposition! We took our nachos next door to lost leaf and had them with a glass of zinfindal. This could easily become a habit!
Until last night, I had no idea nachos could be gourmet.  SO good!  I went with a friend and we split the veggie nachos and I still had enough to bring home for dinner the next day  (seriously - it is a LOT of nachos).  The food was really fantastic - tender spinach, whole cloves of garlic, tasty cheese and salsas spicy enough to make this Midwestern gal cough (in a good way).  Sadly, they were out of guac.

If this review were based solely on the quality of the grub, it'd be 5 stars.  Ambiance was close to nil, though - the interior was just a big, empty space, with nice art on the walls but nowhere to sit.   And seriously, no guac?  SO SAD.  The place has a few kinks to work out, but I assume that the amazing food will keep people coming back for seconds and thirds and....  I definitely recommend it.
John Sagasta is taking over the Roosevelt area - and that's a good thing.

Nachobot serves well designed / prepared food.  A huge plus is the late-night hours employed here.  Most things food close around 10pm nightly.  My one main complaint (and it could very well be because the place is new) is the lack of being opened earlier in the day!  The Lost Leaf / Nachobot mix is a great combination.
Get down here and try these nachos folks, you will not be disappointed. They make from scratch their cheese sauce, and it could not be more perfect. I wish I had pics to show you, but every time I get them I just have to dive in right away. 

My personal favorite is the colorado beef nachos, the meat is simmered for 6 hours in spices and is sooooo tender. They have very unique choices here you will not find anywhere, and also have vegetarian nachos that I have heard are just as good.

I have been here about 5 times now and have found myself craving this place every weekend, run to this place, you will be so happy : )
Maybe it's the beer talking, Nachobot, but you got a butt that won't quit.  You've got these big, chewy nachos...sfdakljagl;kfgjal;gkja;gll;asdfk...

Seven dollars?!  Get outta here...
Ha, nacho's nachos... or nachos. What will you have? I'll have nachos!

Nachobot is in a weird place. When you arrive, it will look like a house. That is just how this street works as all the houses on this street are businesses. Deal with it.

Secondly, the dining experience is more akin to going to a friends house and you laying on the floor to eat than a restaurant sit down place. Again, this is a house with some benches along the wall and a porch. I opted to block the way, and sit on the porch steps. so if  you're looking for a place where you can stare doe-eyed at your date across a table... this is not the place. Deal with it.

Food: I got the chicken one, whatever that was officially called. It was damn good. The salsa sauce stuff combined with the chicken and cheese made quite a tasty treat. You know what I liked though? They serve it with chopsticks. Yes, effing chopsticks. Keep those hands clean for groping your girlfriend and use those chops to clean your plate.

Beverage: They serve all bottles in the classic glass bottles. Meaning, when you finish it... you have to buy another one.

What I thought was "bad" was that it was $7 for a plate... which didn't include a drink. But then again... There was enough food that I didn't even eat it all, so maybe I'm just being a little bitch here after eating on the cheap at home. But for sure, one thing that I didn't care for was the "one serve" drinks. I admit, I love to drink/eat at 50/50. So when I ran out of my beverage (water), I was kind of like, meh, I don't want to buy another one...  but then again, this place kind of strikes me as a place that wouldn't even care if you brought your own soda/water. Not sure on that.

I will be back... and I'll bring a date (if for nothing else, how badass is it to say that we are going to go eat nachos while sitting on a porch?)
Nacho, nacho maaan, I want to be a nacho (wo)man!  Especially here. 
 
The nachos at this joint are seriously delicious.  I've been here on multiple occasions and their vegetarian nachos never let me down. I do wish they had more than one veg option - but at least they do that one dish so well. Whole garlic cloves! Melty cheese! Guacamole! Chop sticks! Don't let the initial sticker shot deter you, there are enough nachos for two people to nosh on all night long. 
 
The ambiance needs quite a bit of work - but that can be fixed by taking your plate of nachos over to Lost Leaf or Jobot.
This place is great! I mean how many Nacho places, where they only sell nachos are there? Plus you get to eat them with Chopsticks.

They have some really cool kinds of nachos too. Not your average Chips and Cheese. I recommend there Buffalo Chicken nachos with melted blue cheese sauce. You have never tasted anything like them. They have one with hot dogs, one with what seems to be a beef, like pot roast, and for you veggies they have a nacho for you. You also get a choice of green or red salsa on the side.

The price my be a little of a shock around $7 dollars, but they are well worth it. The portions are enough for 2, or 1 drunken person stumbling over from The Lost Leaf. 

So go try something different and you to will fall in love with this place. Look for the big Neon sign that says "Munchies"
Pros:  Amazing taste!  Unique nacho combinations.  Friendly service.  Near Lost Leaf.  They now have a huge table.  (It is communal dining style.)  

Cons:  Price.  No refill - not even water.

I have been with friends a few times.  Now, I crave them.  However, I'm a broke college student, so I try to split the cost with a friend (or buy them a beer next door).  The serving is large enough to do this, so that's nice.  

Recommended.  Try not to go super-late on a busy night, as they do run out of ingredients for the presented nacho choices.  However, the chef can create good stuff off the top of his head.
I absolutely love this place and its next to JoBot which is another plus. Great selection of nachos, all for about $7 with great ingredients and a unique combo of flavors. Plus, its open really late, I think until 4am on the weekends, which makes this my new favorite place to hit up when those late night junk food cravings hit and I don't want Mexican food. The price is a little high, but you get a lot of nachos for what you pay for.
This is the kind of place that I'm like, seriously - why did I not think of this?  In college, I had a full blown nacho addiction.  I corrupted the majority of my girlfriends to the same fate, guiding them to 7-11 and showing them my systematic way of keeping the chips separate while nearly bankrupting the fake cheese sauce machine into the container with the jalapeno slices.  But this was only the gateway drug, soon I moved on to the various 'bertos and Super Burritos of the valley eager for more more!  

It's been a minute since then, but when I discovered this new nacho-only spot downtown last First Friday - I was like my old college self, leading my troop from our beers at the Roosevelt down a few blocks to the promise land: Nachobot.  

True to downtown style, it is located in a cozy old house with about one big table inside.  There was exactly 1 cool dude that was working as the order taker, cashier, and the magical nacho maker.  I think I should call him Mr. Bot.  My BF kind of gave me a look when I suggested we each order our own (he likes to share)  so Mr. Bot suggested we do a lil' half and half compromise.  I had the side with the roasted garlic, caramelized mushrooms, and cheese (omg), and he had the side with the slow cooked Colorado beef with a spicy red sauce and yes, more cheese.  There were chopsticks to eat with, but that would have just slowed me down and prevented me from licking my fingers of all the cheese sauce goodness that was Nachobot.  I really appreciated that the cheese was not just the pre-shredded variety haphazardly thrown on there and expected to melt with the addition of other toppings ('bertos I'm talking to you), nor was it that machine orange cheese sauce (how my standards have improved since college, in all ways).  The Bot cheese is a delicious sauce concoction that is made from scratch so it stays gooey and melty, and is LAYERED and weaved into every last tortilla chip along with the toppings so that it feels like that first top bite right until the very end.  

Shockingly, we took some leftovers home.  I actually heated them up and ate them in the morning.  I did not share (it was like 4 chips!).  After announcing that I was making my famous sausage biscuits and gravy for breakfast my BF asks what happened to that leftover nachobot? and then his pouty face came out.    

He actually tried to go back the next day for lunch while retrieving his car from downtown.  They aren't open for lunch, but they are open until 4:00am, which is just how it should be.  See you soon Mr. Bot!
Wow. So I finally got a chance to try this place out last Friday. Num Yummy! I just happened to be in the area and I made a point to make sure to stop by and I wasn't disappointed. There were like 5 different options and the one I chose had the onions, garlic, cheese, et al. Believe me it was a touch decision. They whipped it up for me in no time and I was out the door. Now mind you I decided to drive all the way home to eat my yummy nachos. Mistake as they smelled so good. When I got home and opened my container, at first I was a little disappointed as it appeared to be alot of nacho chips. However upon consumption I realized that I ended up needing all those yummy chips too. (Especially the next day when I finished off the leftovers)  Sweet baby jesus this was some good eats. Needless to say I will be coming back for more real soon to try whatever the may have on their menu, (which changes daily if I am not mistaken) If you happen to be in the area and are craving some good nachos, give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
I love nachos!!!! Only complaint is how expensive it is for nachos.....
Kinda gross that the cook had his hair loose. Also, the nachos weren't all that flavorful. Def not worth $8.
Fun place to go to late at night when you're in need of delicious food.  Their hours are unconventional, making it a great place for a late night snack.

Every time I've gone they've run out of some ingredients, which is disappointing but indicates that they have delicious food.

I would describe this place as a hole in the wall, hippie, gourmet nacho place.  Sounds strange, but you'll like it.
Nachobot WILL make you cool. "How cool?" you ask. 

Well, I just watched a guy walk in wearing bunched up khaki's and a ratty old t-shirt and right as I type this he is walking out with what looks to be low cut skinny jeans, a flashy button up shirt, and the brightest shoes on you could ever imagine. He's adorn with women carrying his order of nacho's drizzled in gooey home-made nacho cheese sauce, topped with slow cooked to perfection spicy colorado beef drowning in its own delicious red sauce, fresh chopped green onion, and loaded with jalapenos. Man... I wish I was that guy.

You know what, sorry, false alarm, the first guy just waked out with his own order of nacho's dawned in caramelized mushrooms, perfectly roasted garlic, pico de gallo and more of that intense looking, home-made nacho cheese. I didn't know you could caramelize mushrooms by the way, but Nachobot seems to know how. I guess the guy wearing the skinny jeans was just in there ahead of khaki.

The real truth behind elevating your cool status is just ending up here. The Roosevelt cool seems to permeate through this place and the rest of this little strip of downtown Phoenix these day's. That's a cold hard fact, cold and hard like ice, but not vanilla ice. Ok maybe vanilla ice back in 1991. Lets face it, he was the epitome of cool for at least a few months during 1990 or 91. Why else would you know who I'm talking about?

Quoted in weekly yelp newsletter: 8-29-2012 http://www.yelp.com/weekly?edition_id=QCOinXdaM-UgFuTcHJfwNQ
A neon arrow with "Munchies" emblazoned within it guides you into an open door of half of an old house in a quaint neighborhood.  VERY simple interior, with not many if any real place to sit and eat.  But that changes regularly.  
They obviously thrive on First and Third Fridays, where hundred of  people of all ages come together to enjoy art and community. 

Their menu is simple 4 to 5 different types of nachos are listed on a well worn chalkboard.  A plentiful pile of corn tortilla chips are placed in some environmentally friendly container. From there you pick your poison.  Before you get too excited for a particular option on the menu, ask if all options are available, as they either run out or just don't have all the toppings.  They will gladly accommodate your request for just about any combination of the toppings they offer piled on the chips as long as they are not too busy. 
Their cheese is in sauce form.  Before you give me that face of mild disgust, hear me out.  The cheese sauce is a homemade creamy sauce not that bright yellow stuff you get at 2am at the gas station. 

The Colorado Nachos with red chile simmered beef over a mild mexican cheese sauce over a plentiful pile of chips is one of my favorites, surprisingly the Buffalo Chicken nachos with the bleu cheese cream sauce and the hot sauce basted pieces of chicken breast appealed to me more than I expected. 
I hate having to choose but for you vegetarians out there they offer an option with spinach, roasted garlic, mushrooms and other sauteed veggies.  Even non-vegetarians are known to really dig this one.  

To this little box they add a small but generous serving cup of either red or green salsa, sometimes it is either one or the other, but either are fresh and homemade. 

Here is the part I find ingenious....one of those, "Why didn't I think of that", moments... CHOPSTICKS....you dig into your overloaded pile of nacho goodness with chopsticks. For those who can't use them you are soooo missing out. 

Pick up a Mexian soda in a glass bottle and a dish of locally made ice cream to top off this culinary adventure.

Nachobot sends you on your way with a little good fortune as well...a fortune cookie.  Now when you open it don't forget to add "..in bed" to the end. Otherwise what is the point.
NACHOBOT is FANTASTIC!  I could leave the review AT THAT, but I wont cause that's boring and unoriginal which is the opposite of this place.  Nachobot is a great concept that thrives on drunk bar hoppers and nacho fans of all shapes and sizes.  They have crazy nacho combinations that seem to run out quickly so don't get there at 3AM on a Friday (even though whatever is left will still be delicious, and if you don't like it walk a house over to Jobot and get your crepe on - ALSO AMAZING).  The owner of Nachobot is also the owner of Jobot SPOILER ALERT/SHOCKER, oops and they run their business very laid back and comfortable.  You feel like your actually inside someones home, which in reality you are cause these buildings are homes converted to restaurants and bars but you get my point.  Either way get over there when your downtown for an incredibly delicious experience complete with chopsticks (so you dont get yourself too messy, no joke interesting concept and it works) DO IT #Bacardiandcoke #startskyandhutchjoke
Ok, so the first time I went to Nachobot I was blown away. First they were open at 3am, second they sell nachos. Not just regular nachos but bomb ass nachos. You can imagine much to my surprise, that when i went there a 2nd time they were not selling nachos. I thought i was the victim of a cruel joke, but nope they didnt have nachos on the menu. So I left with a sad face, and cried myself to sleep
Nachobot no longer serves Nachos.  They have a re vamped menu and a new chef guiding the fare.  Not sure if it is any good, I was in the mood for Nachos.

Their Nachos were creative and flat out great.

I'll not drop to 1 star, but they don't serve Nachos any longer.

The Nacho's almost all night was a great concept.

We'll watch this space for developing news.
This was a nice place to go and have some different types of food on a busy first friday.  Haven't had to much experience with the food but it certainly had some interesting flavors.  The setting was fun as well.  I thought my blue corn enchiladas were flavorful as were the accompanying greens and beans.    The food and setting was good enough  for the fourth star.  A perfect first friday type of place to go.  If you enjoy it,  it's open other days of the week, too.
The Munchies sign is still there but the menu is completely revamped...Last time I was in there the chalk board says ResBot and offers Native/New Mexican/Mexican type foods that would often be found on a trip to the Native Reservation.  Items such as fry bread and Indian tacos, enchiladas and more have replaced the simple yet unique list of Nacho combinations that were once there.

Go in with an open mind.

The ventilation is poor and you will come out smelling like fry bread.   

I do miss the Nacho concept that was once Nachobot.
Don't be nervous when you feel like you're walking into someone's janky apartment.  You're not.  This place has got tasty nachos that you can eat with chop sticks (this allows me to feel very cultured...except, I usually just use my fingers because I'm not that proficient with the sticks).  I recommend their nachos with the chorizo.  Great late night snack.  

Just a heads up, not sure how long it's going to last for (hopefully not forever!!) but the last few times I stopped in they've been calling themselves Rezbots (yes, like a Native American Reservation).  Don't get me wrong, the fry bread is delicious.  But, when you're going for nachos, fry bread is a mean trick and then you just end up asking someone to drive you to the closest Julioberto's...be warned. (try and be in the mood for both fry bread and nachos.  Win-win)
"Rezbot" (No nachos)

Translation: We all know what you came here for, but try this instead!

Okay, so this is a gourmet fry bread place rather than a gourmet nacho place now. There were a couple of options for burgers, vegan burgers, and "navajo tacos", which is basically just more fry bread but loaded. I was trying really hard not to be disappointed, and having really really good bread with some green chile helped with that. 

But why oh why is the menu so sparse? Where are my nifty options, the eclectic options that make this part of town so unique? It's some of the best fry bread I've had, but no way does that earn high marks when this old house is capable of doing so much more. 

Someone please tell me this place is getting more options, or that the menu/theme rotates.
Deeelicious nachos!!! But their pricey
I agree with all of the recent reviews. Nachobot was awesome, amazing even! Rezbot, nothing special at all. Bring back Nachobot please!
The Phoenix New Times winner of "Best After Hours Feast" last year, Navajo chef Renatto-Mario Etsitty landed in this location months ago, renamed it RezBot and launched his own particular fusion of Native American and contemporary suburban neo-mexican culinary taste.

My favorite offering is red bell pepper soup served with fry bread, second favorite is the blue corn chilaquiles, third the braised lamb shank stew. I stopped in last night to give Mario a slice of home made pecan pie I stole from an event at Parazol and found out he has a new lamb loin dish - yum!

His Aqua Fresca is to die for.

He also has quesadilla and burgers made from halal meat for those needing a Taco Bell or burger joint fix ... 

BTW he's getting real tired of people wandering in thinking this is an Indian restaurant expecting to see curries and tandoori dishes ...
I just can't even believe you took a perfectly respectable concept like gourmet nachos and threw it all away.  What did a nacho ever do to you?  Will I come back here?  Bring back the melted cheese goodness and then maybe.  Who wants a late night bowl o soup?  Tsk tsk.
Went here the other night with some girl friends after having some dranks. The fry bread was so salty. Both the sweet and savory. I thought I was getting a "Navajo taco" with green chilis and what I got was a gross burger patty with fry bread as a bun. When I've gone to kayenta, or other towns on reservations, when I would get a Navajo taco it was fry bread with delicious chili, cheese, lettuce tomato onion and Greene chili. This was just grooss. Bring back the nachos.
To quote epic movie Gladiator....

Proximo: "I wasn't the best because I killed quickly. I was the best because the crowd loved me. Win the crowd and you'll win your freedom."

Maximus: "I will win the crowd. I will give them something they have never seen before... LATE NIGHT NACHOS!"

And the crowd yelled, in unison: "Bring Back Nachos! Bring Back Nachos!
Bring Back Nachos!"


Fin.
Terrible service.  You need to stand right in front of the chef otherwise he will make everyone else's food before yours.
I was lucky enough to find this little gem at the Truck Stop last night.  I didn't get to try any of the actual food b/c I became obsessed with the cupcake.  Holy Cow!  I don't remember what was in it....Boones and some other alcohol I think, (I had too much of some other alcohol in me to remember)!  But it was the BOMB!  Can't wait to try everything else!

Welcome to the Vegas Food Truck scene guys, you ROCK!
I love fried pickles and was so excited about getting them. Waited for over 20 minutes to finally get them and I received 3 measly spears that were over cooked because the pickle was chewy and lacked the crunch I was craving. Came with a side of ranch straight from the bottle (where's the special sauce that should come with this?) 4 dollars for this?? Not worth it. These are not typically on their menu but they should not have it at all. If you do something subpar, just don't do it at all. Not impressed by the menu or prices.
The Buttermilk Pie is fucking awesome.  After biting into it for the first time, I had serious concerns that I may have shit myself from its deliciousness.

Awesome selection of hot sauces as well.
Yum!  I tried the pork bowl and the steak bowl.  Both were awesome.  The pork bowl had a very smoky flavor.  They have a variety of fresh hot sauces ranging from mild to very hot.  The hottest one is Ghost of Granny, meaning ghost peppers, which has a surprisingly good flavor but kicks in about 5 seconds later with the heat.  Brillant!  Get everything loaded.  Guac, sour cream, cheese, jalapenos, etc. Don't be a picky wimp.

The chocolate pork balls were also delish.  Chocolate, granola, and BACON! Friendly folks.  Got a yee-haw out of them for something . . . not sure what though.  Definitely a keeper.
Save room for the pork balls. They are surprisingly good.
While I was enjoying Fried Pickles in the form of deep-fried discs at The Rusty Pickle Food Truck during the Las Vegas Foodie Fest, a lady who was unknown to me tipped me off that if I really wanted to taste a great fried pickle, I should visit The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck that was not very far away.  So, although not really hungry for more pickles nor very enthused about the name of the company but intrigued nevertheless, I decided to not let this opportunity for a head to head comparison pass me by.  So, I strolled over to The Redneck Kitchen Food Truck, and ordered the only pickle dish on the menu: Deep-fried Irish Pickle Spears, and a Coke.

Before I got my completed order, I was summoned by name to the truck window, and was handed $4 as change that I had forgotten to wait for just after I placed my order.  This alone was worth an extra star.

And when I received my pickles soon afterward, what initially came to mind as I first saw three fairly thin pickle spears resting in a small paper basket was "This is all I get for $3?!"  But then I liked crunching down on the warm battered spears and tasting the thin length of pickle inside each one, and by the time I was through noted how very filling and delicious they were, with or without ketchup or a mild white remoulade applied.  I don't know how Irish pickle spears are different from other pickle spears, but these deep-fried beauties were mighty tasty--even though priced at $1 a spear.  In fact, they narrowly won my personal Fried Pickle Throwdown pitted against The Rusty Pickle's more lightly battered but also tasty, deep-fried slices. 

And, the friendly employees of The Redneck Kitchen didn't seem rednecky at all.  I am now an enthusiastic fan!
This Year, Redneck Kitchen was servin' up their tasty grub in the VIP Tent which knda hid them from public view.

On Friday Night, They served up a Meatloaf Spring Roll with two sauces, a ketchup-mayo one, and some kinda gravy based one. The crisp outer texture was nice, and the meatloaf inside was well seasoned.

On Saturday night, We got to try their Deep Fried PB & J Sammies which was pretty grub-not too greasy and not overly sweet either. The batter also had a nice crunch to it without being soggy which was great. Looking forward to trying other creations in the future.....ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(92/100) "Upscale Redneck Grub"
Dirty, delightful, heaven!
I know, I know....you've all been to Chipotle and it's probably been reviewed to death. But I haven't been that much and finally formed an opinion. Modern, sparce decor with a minimal and easy to read menu is cool with me. It definitely is a step up from Taco Bell. Of course so is dumpster grazing for a chimichanga but that's a different story. The response for my rice to be served on the side was a quick "no, we don't do that." I was too tired to question, argue or even hope that perhaps little missy might learn to crack a smile when a guest is in front of her. In all fairness the cashier was deeeeelightful, professional, friendly and helpful and she really worked those hoop earrings...those are still in aren't they? The food? Hmmm....it's really quite good. You call out your toppings, skipping what you don't want and adding what sounds yummy. All in all, not the most interesting flavors. But solid and dependable. Not saturated with sodium and grease....and that's a good thing, right? I had the carnitas tacos and would go back. God forbid I ask for rice on side. Ole Yelpers!
I Looooooooove chipotle.  But Unfortunately I miss the one I used to go to which is too far away for me now since I used to live in chandler/ahwatukee area.  It's a little cold in here or maybe it's just me.  I wasn't fond of the cashier and there weren't many on the smiling side.

However, the food still tasted great.  I love rice and I always get a burrito bowl with extra rice (they only charge you if you ask for extra meat).  So I used to get a burrito that they could not completely close because I asked for extra on too many things.  However that makes a mess on me so I get the bowl instead and this place is great for filling up on good tasting food on the cheap.

If I went there and there were happier people, I would boost the rating, I just felt like the cashier was peering through my soul... not what I want when I want food.  I prefer going to a place with a positive atmosphere.

Edit:
went back and people were much better this time :)  from 3 stars to 4 now.
This place is great!  Menu prices are reasonable.  The service is ridiculously fast, and the staff is friendly.  Watch out for the calories in those burritos!  Everything else is fresh and healthy!  For a chain, this is as good as it gets!
I love Chipotle. This is my favorite valley location. 
The food always tastes fresh and the ingredients are the above standard. The design of the great, simple, modern and ergonomic.
Chipotle uses only natural meats, not factory farmed hormone injected animals. And some of the beans are organic. 
Although the menu choices seem limited, burrito, tacos or bowl, the combinations are endless with the different types of meat, beans, salsas, etc. The menu is more than accommodating to vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike. They serve domestic and Mexican bottled beers as well as fountain drinks. The portions are huge, the burritos could easily be mistaken for a newborn baby wrapped in tin foil.
No matter how long the line is, which it is usually really long, you will get your food fairly quickly.
It is refreshing to have a business that actually cares and at the same time serve an amazing product.
I like this place.  I eat there if I'm in the neighborhood.  I like their soft tacos and their burrito bowls.  

I would definitely pick this place over Taco Bell.
Ah, good ol' dependable Chipotle. I love Chipotle. Their carnitas bowl is the best! The shredded pork is tender, well seasoned and hot. Add that over a bed of white rice, top with red salsa (hot but not painful), sour cream, lettuce and guacamole and you have a recipe for a happy tummy! 

Try Chipotle for a good, filling lunch, or dinner. You'll be happy you did!
We've eaten at Chipotle several times before, but never at this location. And never again at this location. The entree items we got were just fine. The chips were cold, but that is far from the problem. 

The issue was the 20-something man who appeared to be the shift manager. First, he was wearing Man-dex. Yes, that's what I said. Spandex. And they were cropped to boot. Somehow, I don't think they were a uniform option. Then, as he weirdly danced around the dining area, doing what, I don't know (certainly not wiping off the filthy tables), a vision came to me of Jame Gumb. I'll give you all a minute to shudder. Then there was also the patronizing and borderline racist interactions with his largely Hispanic staff. He loudly announced to us that he had just learned the Spanish word for "turkey." Then he turned to the man making our food, said the word, and then made a turkey sound. Yes, he gobble-gobbled at the poor man. He did this again and again. It was clear that the staff was embarrassed. 

My husband and I were flabbergasted. It was hard not to stare at him in awe of his assholery. Was he high? Could be. Was he a loser who had no business being in charge of a store? Most definitely. 

Chipotle, call us when you've replaced this jerk.
Julia T. egged me on to write corporate after my last experience. So after about two weeks, I did get two email responses from managers at this particular location. They both apologized profusely, and let me know that the particular employee whose behavior was both bizarre and offensive had been dealt with appropriately, and assured me that this is not the norm at their store. They also asked us to come in for a free meal, which we have no intention of doing. Although I do appreciate the acknowledgement of my concerns, I fear retaliation "extras" in my meal. When we want Chipotle, we'll go to another location.
Maybe it is ridiculous, but to me Chipotle is another example of people completely missing the point.  You can not consistently get a better meal for under $7.  In my life I have probably eaten at Chipotle a little over 100 times at locations across four states.  Consistently, the ingredients are fresh, the service is friendly and the price is almost unfathomably fair.  If you think Chipotle is only burritos, you are missing the point.  If they are not busy, order soft tacos.  You get three, ask for three different meats.  Mix it up, all four are delicious, while I do tend to favor their free-range carnitas and the chicken.  Move on to salsas, get at least two, I prefer the fresh tomato (aka pico de gallo) and the medium corn (aka elote). You have hereby made your meal healthy and vegetable heavy.  Especially when you finish with freshly shredded romaine lettuce.  Also justify the cheese and super fresh mexican sour cream as fulfillment of calcium rations.  If you really need to cut carbs or some lame-o thing like this, get a salad or a burrito bowl with black beans.  If you want to turn your order into two meals, stick with the burrito and load it up, or get the burrito bowl, vegetarian, load up the salsa, black beans and guacamole and add on a side of chips for .95.  Now start planning your Halloween free burrito costume.
It's a chain, so you know what you're getting. The food is fresh and very good, the service is fast and friendly. I would give it five stars except there is the occasional piece of gristle that does not get trimmed out of the meat (usually in the chicken or steak, never in the pork or shredded beef).
Chipotle...translation...Chipotle...which means commercialized Mexican food in layman's terms. So as far as this goes I am a much bigger fan of Baja Fresh across the street and after this last experience at Chipotle I will probably continue to dine at the Baja Fresh location across the street.
So I am have never been a huge fan of Chipotle, except for the fact that the portions are huge.
What I am not a fan of is spending $10.18 on a single burrito and a tiny little bag of stale ass chips and day old salsa. I mean the burrito was filled mostly with beans and rice, the cost on that for them must be a whole 7 maybe 8 cents per portion. Ridiculous.
I was not extremely impressed with Chipotle to begin with the novelty has worn off and so has the food taste. It's not good anymore. At least not at this location. Bland...not good for Mexican food.
Finally went today after living in Phoenix over 5 months now. (Hooray for being here 5 months!) I went for lunch with a friend/co-worker. The line was super long, but they placed a female employee in the line who took orders and swiped your credit card even before you made it to the counter. I'm sure this helps moves things along during their lunch and dinner rushes. The employee in line and the counter gals were not overly friendly. Actually, you could tell they pretty much hate their jobs. 

Now on to the food. I had the "naked" chicken burrito. I'm sure they call it something else at Chipolte, but I don't remember what. The price was right, but lacked the extras I get at Qdoba. Less toppings- no free chips, less salsa choices, and no extra sauces. And $1.80 extra for guac?! Yikes. Overall I prefer Qdoba in flavor, selection, and overall experience. I should not complain as I did not pay for my lunch. I am ready to try Baja Fresh next....or just head to Qdoba.
I eat here regularly. I get the same exact thing. No need for deviation. 

Carnitas Burrito.  Black Beans. Rice. Sour Cream. Guacamole. Cheese. 

What the fuck is up with $1.80 guac? Only in America. And no one is going to complain, because they deliver a consistent product time and time again. 
Chipotle is the epitome of quick service food.
I *LOVE* this place!  Good food, super fast service.  The mgt team is super nice.  They're always up beat and friendly.
This is a good Chipotle. The staff is obviously very happy to be where they are. They are friendly, make jokes, and they don't get mad when I ask for ChipotleAway.

I've never been upset about my food here, and at fast food places, the best result is to not be upset.
I got a Burrito Bowl yesterday to go and as soon as I opened to dig in there was a HAIR in it. How disgusting, don't get me wrong I love Chipotle but this was just too gross. I've permanently checked this location off my list.
Oh god. Salad dressing 400 calories. That explains so much. 

Still love you, Chip.

Love, 

Dallas
Mmmmmm gluten free goodness. I'm completely obsess with Chipotle. If I could eat it ever day I would. Which is sad, I know, but stop judging me! You're on here to read a review about it - look in the mirror!

Anyways...I think that this Chipotle has the friendliest service. The management has been so nice to me, and the worker bees are really great. In fact, when I see some of the line cooks/chefs at other Chipotle restaurants, I smile! This is just a great location.
Chipotle burritos are equivalent to a flavorless monster missile burrito gut bomb. Their professional and impeccably clean cafeteria style food assembly line can produce some of the biggest burrito beasts I've ever laid eyes on.

However, it's important to remember that bigger doesn't always equal better.

Although the diameter and circumference of their burritos beats the competition, the favor does not. For a place with such a spicy name, Chipotle's food just doesn't have the piquant flavor I desire.

I need some zest! Some spice! Get this senorita to say, Ole!  

The chicken is also to dry for my liking and the gristle left in it makes me gag.

I know I know, I could go the vegetarian burrito or taco route since I'm totally grossed out by their meat... but those have even less flavor! I've tried. The veggie fajita mix could have so much potential... but it falls flavorless on my tongue. 

Alas, I must say that the mighty dollar goes a long way at Chipotle. Their prices are reasonable. I mean they give you a whopping burrito the size of a small dog! But then again, like I said before, size isn't everything.

Chipotle also offers healthier options like salads and burrito bowls but I don't think I'm headed back there anytime soon to give those a go. They just include the same lame ingredients as that boring baby sized burrito... so I think I'll stick to Baja Fresh and Rubios.

Unfortunately I ate a Chipotle burrito for lunch yesterday and it sat in my stomach like a rock, making me feel slow and lethargic. I think Chipotle's food just doesn't match my taste buds. I know a lot of people who really enjoy their food!! However, I am not one of them. I would rather say bombs away to my stomach with something just a little more flavorful... and maybe smaller in size. 

Boy oh boy was that burrito huge!!!!!!
I can always rely on this Chipotle location for consistent service.  Friendly staff and the long line moves fast.
Went last night a little before 7pm. The LONGEST time I've ever waited in line at Chipotle - even during PEAK lunch hours! Seemed short staffed and not considerate of people's time.
Despite the extra $1.80 guacamole raping, I could still eat barbacoa crispy tacos every day. I try not to, but there have been stretches where it's been a hard week at work.
And I'm not ashamed.
This chain hurts my stomach after I eat it. I don't like how they man handle your food in the assembly line. I don't like how fatty the chicken is. There are hundreds of authentic taco shops to get your food from that kick the snot out of this place. Thumbs down, full boycott.
It hurts my heart to give any Chipotle a one star.  Their chicken fajita burritos with pico and extra corn is to die for.  
However, on one particular morning, this Chipotle really failed to deliver.  I was hung over and on my way to work and Chipotle got in my head... and once it gets in there, nothing else can deliver.  I ordered my delicious usual, but unfortunately the person creating my burrito didn't spread out any of the ingredients.  While eating I had 6 mouthfuls of just chicken and tortilla, then I had clumps of cold cheese and then an endless amount of veggies with no chicken or cheese in sight... disgusting.  It literally ruined my day.  Instead of getting an instant cure to my hangover, it took it to another level because I was overly annoyed and just unsatisfied.  

I will return to my beloved Chipotle, but I'll be sure to keep a close eye on the creator.
Chipotle is the pinnacle of human salvation. People try to say "Oh dude, that's corporate" but those people aren't people, they're slaves to illusions. Chipotle just gets me, it speaks to my soul. We discuss dreams and life bite after bite. As it digests deeper in my body and fully integrates with my soul I feel as one with the earth. I realize sitting there in my chair with reggae music in the backdrop.. I suddenly realize everything I am and eat is infinitely old. 

                                              I sit there and think

                                       we are all made of stardust
I am here all the time...so much that I know that they know me well. (If that is a good thing since I make them pick out the onions...only green peppers)  I order the same thing everytime (Chicken burrito bowl)  and it always tastes the same....super yummy!

For the most part, customer service is great, even the newbies that work there are great (even though they can't fold a tortilla)....but I always seem to ask them to put more rice in my bowl....but they have no problem giving me a crapload of beans.
It feels kind of wrong giving Chipotle the same amount of stars that I gave Posh. 

But its so delicious!  Chipotle is a great, quick meal without the heavy greasy feeling of fast food.  Their black beans, rice and tortillas are all vegetarian-friendly and their burritos can easily be made vegan without the sour cream and cheese. It is kind of a crap shoot how large your burrito will be - sometimes you get a lot, sometimes you get a little...but the flavor is always consistent. 

This location gets super crowded between 11:30-1:30 with lines that can stretch out the door.  I always order online - it is really easy and you get to walk right in and pick it up without waiting in that awful line!
Yum....

Chipotle is delicious! One of my favorite places to go. The quality is almost always consistent and delicious. Decent price for the food, clean environment and the staff is always pretty friendly.

My favorite is barbacoa bowl or salad. Always has great flavor. The chips are also quite delicious. Can get a little busy at lunch (although I think that is common knowledge - thought I'd mention it) - BUT that is because it is so delicious. 

This particular location has always done well, but so has most.
Came here to grab lunch.  OMG, the line was wrapped clear around the place into the dinning area.  Kinda of crazy, but the line moves fast.  I ordered my usual, chicken burrito but togo.  

The chicken was a little more spicier than normal, but it was good.  

Cons:  parking sucks and getting out of the plaza sucks.
Hey, you know, it's Chipotle. If you're unaware of Chipotle, I don't know what to tell you.

The last time we were there, for some reason I can't begin to understand, my burrito bowl was amazing. And I mean AMAZING. I was not high, I assure you. I hope that continues to happen.
Ok, I admit, I'm not the hugest fan of Chipotle.  But, from time to time, my co-workers drag me here on lunch, so instead of starve, I eat.

I usually get the same thing while here.  Shredded beef burrito, with rice, beans, and some other stuff on it.  With a drink, it usually sets me back $9.00.  Not bad, really.  

As with all the other Chipotle's, this place is always packed with a huge line.  I will say, the service here is always friendly, quick and efficient, so I will get them that.  Drinks are self serve, if you can elbow through the mass of people to get to it, and seating can be limited if you go during the rush hour like we did.  Parking can be tough since its in a strip mall next to a total wine, so be prepared to park and walk some.

I will probably go here again at the demands of my coworkers.  LOL
It's Chipotle and for me that says about everything. It is the family default when dining out.  This is one of the best ones that I have gone to, but you can never go wrong at a Chipotle.
Really, not that good. One step above taco bell, I think it's actually a mexican McDonalds?
They're the "Subway" of fresh made burritos. All of the meats they use are fresh and all other ingredients are fresh and good. Always a good option when you're looking for something different.
Thankfully I don't get the urge too often to eat here, but when I do I usually end up putting a good dent into one of their 1,000 calorie burritos. 

With so many burrito places in Phx, Chipotle is a once and awhile spot. The chicken is always well seasoned and juicy and the rice and tortilla have that oh too much butter taste. 

Overall I would say that this Chipotle is perfect for the business crowd it caters too. Nice burrito at a fair price and good service.
In general, I usually love Chipotle. And the food was as good as it always is. But on a recent Thursday at 1:30, I was told they are OUT OF MARGARITAS?!?!? What? What? What? Dang. I would've gone to a "real" mexican food place if I had known that. The drink was my main reason for going out to lunch today and Chipotle has a margarita recipe that is Very Good .. and reasonably priced. I was disappointed on this particular visit.
A good example of a fast casual restaurant with integrity in it's business model and great food to match. Wish more franchises would take note.
Extremely disappointed in this location.  The manager Tiffany Rodriguez treats her employees horrid.  She runs the entire staff through FEAR. I thought Chipotle was a forwarding thinking company by having free ranged meats ect.  But, what I have found out is the manager is incompetent, mean, intolerant and plays with the employees lives using Fear and Manipulation. Tiffany should be fired from this company and my next step is to write a letter to corporate office and include all documentation of the events that have accrued to many of the employees working at this location.  I used to love Chipotle and used to love the taste of the food.  NOW - Chipotle has left a BAD taste in my mouth.  "Food with Integrity" is their mission.  Integrity is honoring the "Whole" meaning the animals who give theirs lives to feed us and more importantly the employees who serve this food.  Tiffany Rodriguez is a very, very, very bad example of integrity. As a business owner myself I would clean house at this location and the first one to be removed would be the fear based, manipulative abusive manager named Tiffany Rodriguez. 

Word of Mouth is your best advertisement and I will no longer support this company until I know this manager is retrained or fired.  More importantly, if this is how all Chipotle managers operate then Chipotle is a fraud =  Food and service is a fraud.  
Beware consumers...these employees at 16th and Camelback in Phoenix are working out of fear of loosing their jobs.  Sad, Sad, Sad - Chipotle should be ashamed.  Tiffany, my suggestion to you is go get some help, my dear. Karma is a bitch.
Always good.  Always full when I leave.  Always a line too but it always goes quickly.

Great standby for when you've spent too long long on Yelp trying to decide where to go and are too hungry to think any longer.
They were not paying attention when I was ordering, maybe the heat was getting to them? I kept repeating myself and they still ended up not charging me for my drink and were baffled when I asked for my cup. It was good, but as a native Californian I was a little alarmed when I saw the "no firearms allowed in the store" sign outside after already sitting down. Really, Arizona? That's nothing on Chipotle, though. If anything, kudos to them for that. Four for the clean area, good quality and good air conditioning. Otherwise, those workers need coffee or something!
This place is a great location. Right on Camelback and 16th Street.
 When you are running errands you can stop in here for a really delish meal. 
Every thing i have ever ordered here has been very good. Prices are good, the place is really clean. You have to watch the spice it can be a little hot for me though. I love it, and highy recomend it to you.
Burrito bowl! Yummy!!!!
Good food!
Okay... so I'm way behind in the times... but I just went to Chipotle for the very first time ever!  Yesterday, I got a serious burrito craving and checked out Chipotle on E. Camelback Rd.  

I got the steak burrito my way.. .which included black beans, salsa, sour cream, guacamole and lettuce.  The steak pieces were the best I have ever had (in terms of size and temp.  Usually, steak burritos have shriveled up over-cooked marinated meats... but Chipotle had beautiful large pieces of steak that were medium and delicious.  The beans were not too runny... the salsa was very fresh!  No overpowering on seasoning.  Everything well balanced.

The people were friendly, the food was delicious.  Yeah... to me, it is a little expensive for a burrito, but when I have the money, I'd go there again.  Next time I'll try the burrito bowl.  My friend got it and it looked heavenly!
Love Chipotle.  My only criticism is that some of the people making the burritos and tacos and such don't know what they're doing.  Sometimes, they aren't listening to what I am saying or they're very conservative on the portions, or they're just too slow.  I come here quite often and know who does a good job and who just gets in the way.  No matter what, whoever is at the register is always very nice....The place is always clean....Sometimes there's a line, but if the right people are making the food, then it doesn't take that long.  Love the burritos.
I'm generally a fan of Chipotle and recently having started HCG and eating clean, even more so. Just a quick tip - If anyone is looking for a decent place to eat out on HCG and not get off track, Chipotle is your answer!   During the very low calorie protocol even - you can order a side of chicken or steak and a side of pico.  It's typically only $3 too.   Yeah Chipotle!
I love chipotle! I officially give up on online ordering from this location due to past experiences of it never being ready, but its not like I'm gonna stop eating here its like my favorite yummmm! Sucks I have to do pick up orders for different locations when I wanna stop in a rush and run in and out on my way to work to have a delicious burrito for my lunch, but can't afford to be held up! Dinner on my way home, I can handle waiting on from here though! ;)
4+ stars and yet...the first thing I have to point out is that I think it's very aggravating when you point out a problem to a restaurant and they don't care.

Take Chipotle.  I really like the place.  Sure, sometimes the people working there seem to have failed at McDonald's and now are making my burrito.  But, can't we all just get along?

Twice in the past few months the "to go" packaging has failed or almost failed.  The first time was NOT this location.  They gave me my money back and wanted back the slop that had fallen through their inferior packaging onto the parking lot pavement.  This time, at this location, the crappy corrugated bowl holding the burrito failed.  Just the worst.  I even called corporate in Denver and the sh*thead I talked to had all the answers and no answers at all.  Supposedly new packaging was forthcoming.  That really was 4 or 5 months ago.

Now the food: go in and watch for 30 minutes.  Watch the kitchen.  Watch them season the rice, make the guacamole or chop up the chicken.  All right in front of you.  This is a chain and yet they make the food in front of you every bit like you'd want a Mom-and-Pop to do.
Great food, usually one meal is two meals.  "Half now, half for dinner" could be their slogan.

I get a chicken burrito bowl and I'm telling you, for $6.83 ($6.25 for the burrito + tax) you get two meals or one really, really big meal that is delicious.  And not even the crappy packaging can spoil that...if you're careful.
My wife and I used to love this restaurant. The food quality is still good, but the portions keep getting smaller. We never had any proof, so it might have just been us. 

Today we go in during lunch time and the meat / beans girl put in a good healthy scoop of meat in my burrito bowl, like they used to do. The salsa girl next to her said something to her and she took part of the scoop back out of my bowl. She said something else (I don't speak Spanish) and she took more meat out of my bowl. Salsa girl then added these giant heaping scoops of the salsa I'd asked for so the bowl still looked full, but actually had maybe three chucks of barbacoa in it. 

Now that I've seen this take place right in front of me, I'm certian they're being told to skimp on the food. Find another location if you want a good value for your money.
Chipotle located at 16th & Camelback is a great location.  Staff are friendly, restaurant is clean and the food is reasonably priced.  I love their burrito bowls and I get extra everything for the same price.  The burrito bowl is basically everything inside the tortilla with-out the tortilla and in a bowl.  The food is fresh and makes for a great lunch option.
This is my usual lunch a few times per week. Cant find a better healthier alternative for the cost and convenience. Just a great place, never disappointed.
Good customer service, fast efficient service.
We choose a chain for consistency but when the chicken is full of the part no one wants to eat it ruins the whole experience. Please cut the fat, literally!
This Chipotle is possibly the WORST Chipotle I've been to since I've lived in Phoenix. I've been here about 5 times and only had an enjoyable experience once. My friends and I went last night and got a chicken burrito bowl and a quesadilla. Literally everything in the burrito bowl was cold, including the chicken, beans and rice. The quesadilla was a chicken, cheese and fajita veggie quesadilla which was sorely lacking in the chicken and the veggies and we were charged as if it was a chicken burrito! 

Worst Chipotle ever. Never returning.
Chipotle is always a solid stop for a quick cheap dinner, but lets not confuse that for an amazing place.
I absolutely LOVE Chipotle!! And at this location, they do a great job at moving customers through the line quickly and efficiently -- while keeping everyone happy. They are awesome at keeping the venue clean. There is both indoor and outdoor seating. My best friend and I used to go every Friday afternoon. This place never gets old and the people working really are a joy. The bathroom is very clean. Free refills on your drinks. All around a winner!
Wow, since when do they have patron margaritas? The food is consistently good. I love the brown rice option they have now.
My first experience at Chipotle was here and I'm glad I chose those place. Since it was my first time there, they were pretty patient with me on me deciding what I wanted, but I ended up getting a chicken burrito that was huge and kept me full and so happy I didn't waste money on a skimpy meal somewhere else that's usually $20 bucks. Great staff, friendly and fast service. I will go back anytime I'm at Scottsdale Fashion Square :)
This Chipotle location is great. Super popular though, which means super busy most of the time but it's well with the wait. Food is always hot and fresh and there is always plenty of staff to help keep the lines moving. I always enjoy coming here and favor it over a couple other locations. 

Only downsides? 

Parking.

The plaza that this location sits in sometimes runs short on parking, which makes getting in from the front lot to the front door a challenge anytime after 11:30 AM. But no complaints about the quality of food or the staff. 

Busy.

Like I mentioned earlier, there are several car dealerships and office parks nearby which means plenty of office folks and dealership employees coming by everyday for lunch. There's also a major shipping center across the freeway and so there is always lots of people stopping in. But overall, it's worth it as there is plenty of staff to handle the line. I've never waited longer than 6-7 minutes to order my food. 

Give it a try of you're in the area. Totally worth it! 

Great location all around!
I absolutely looove Chipotle. My problem is when you make me pay almost $2 extra for guacamole... please don't be stingy with it. 
Hook it up, Chipotle. C'mon!
I have lots of good things to say about this place.
Great location, very clean, delicious food. All quite healthy as well.
My daughter discovered this on her way home from work many years  ago now.
It has stayed true to itself all this time.

Fresh food, they say all their meat is hormone and chemical free.
It is really filling. If you have it for lunch , you may not even need dinner.
Clean bathrooms and lots of parking, though at a busy time of day you may have to walk a little as there are a lot of people there.
Plus other businesses there as well in the shopping center.
Chipotle is amazing.  I just wish there was one closer to my house.  Burrito bowl, brown rice, black beans, double chicken, pico, and guacamole. You're welcome. There's a Qdo*** near my house and it doesn't even compare, the ingredients just seem to be of a higher standard at Chipotle and the line always move real quick!
I love chipotle but hate this location! The last 3 times I went something went wrong. First time my husband and I had burritos with cold meat!! Gross! Sure enough the manger tried the meat and it was cold. Second time I wanted steak but they were out so I had to wait 15 minutes until it was cooked. Finally last night I went hoping it would be ok. Wrong!! They were now out of white rice!! It will be awhile before I go back to this location!
I do enjoy the concept of Chipotle, but I think it's feeding into America's obesity problem. The portions are just outrageous. I wish they had smaller options. 

My suggestion is to get your bowl or burrito and keep the sour cream/guacamole on the side. Eat just half of it -- trust me, you'll feel sick if you devour the whole thing. Then you have another meal for later that you can warm up quickly in the microwave. Otherwise if you put those cold toppings on, they won't be so good after nuking.
I have been a long time fan of Chipotle and always have a great experience when I visit. Its a go to place when I'm watching carbs and when I'm not, I LOVE their chips! I could eat a whole bag by myself and that's probably what's caused me to diet in the first place :) You can lesson the calorie blow by ordering the kids sized bag of chips. It seems to come with 15-20 chips which is a more waistline friendly portion if you have to have them. 

If you want something that satisfying and doesn't kill your diet, try a bowl with no rice or beans but get a scoop of chicken AND Steak. The extra meat really adds to the heartiness of the bowl and it feels like a treat. I also get mild salsa (pico), sour cream, cheese and the guacamole depending on how I'm feeling that day. If its a diet splurge day, I'm adding the sweet corn and tacking on a bag of chips!
Maybe it's because I'm accustomed to service in another city.... But I can honestly say these people took twice as long as the longest it's EVER taken to get my order ready at a Chipotle. They even jumped two people in line in front of me. Wowsa.

Edit:
This also marks the first time I've ever gotten BURNT food from a Chipotle. I just bit into a bit that was rock solid. Not cool guys, not cool.
there are some restaurants i frequent where i will order different things on the menu every time i go; chipotle is not one of those places. i get the same order every. single. time. i know what it should taste like because i have eaten the same thing at many different locations for several years. that's the beauty of chain restaurants, right? consistency and familiarity in a potentially unfamiliar place? i've been coming to this location off and on for the last year or so and it has been consistency disappointing.

often times i will get a burrito bowl to go and take it home to eat it since i am LITERALLY 4 streets away. this might be a weird thing to look forward to, but when I get a to go order, i like that when i get to the place i am eating at, the steam from the hot food has melted the cheese inside the container. however, at this chipotle, i have to actually put my food in the microwave to heat it up because it was never that warm to begin with. how is it even possible for my food to be so luke warm when i am only traveling a few minutes away? 

in addition, almost every time i've gone to this particular location, there has been a to go order being made when i arrived. of course this is not chipotle's fault, but every time that's happened, i have been completely ignored to make the order. no greeting, no "we'll be with you in a minute", just employees pretending i don't exist until their 15 burrito to go order has been completed. why can't you let me order quickly in between? i know exactly what i want; it will take 30 seconds. my favorite is when no one has even arrived to pick it up by the time i have waited, gone through the line, paid and left. why are you rushing to make food for customers who aren't even RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU ALREADY? i am also then fully aware that i am getting the bottom of the pan food because the fresher stuff has been used for customers who aren't even there yet.

chipotle, i have loved you for many years now, but i just can't go to this location anymore.
Food is great and you can modify to fit most diets. HOWEVER, the MOD that was there today at lunch is worthless!  Chipotle, get rid of this waste of space and lower your prices on guacamole!  

Probably won't visit this location again because of this parasite. 

Oh and don't order online, ever, they mess up your order and it takes way longer that waiting in line.
I had such an experience that I felt the need to share. I made an online order and went to pick it up, it wasn't ready yet, however, the employees were extremely nice and apologetic, I wasn't upset in the least because they had complete positive attitudes, especially Saul, and showed true customer service. And plus, the food was bomb.
well, i have a special place in my heart (and stomach) for burritos, and this place is like heaven for me.

these GIANT burros comes wrapped in a huge, steamy tortilla, with your choice of black or pinto beans, grilled veggies, rice, chicken (or go all veg) and fixin's like sour cream and pico. it's a long counter ordering/instruction process...like subway.

they conveniently wrap it all in foil so you can eat it with your hands (it takes two).
Chipotle is one of my favorite mexican restaurants.  They offer huge burritos as well as you can skip the tortilla and get a bowl.  They also will make cheese crisps for children.  Prices are $5.50-$6.00.  You can have anything made into a salad for an additional $0.50.  They can get crowded on the weekends, but you can also fax or do your order online and just pick it up.

This Chandler Mall location is nice because it allows my wife I to eat in the food court so the kids can get their favorite meal.  FYI though, this is not in the food court.  It is outside by the fountains.  It is a good value because the burrito's are huge.
I'm obsessed with their salads.

I used to be obsessed with their burritos, until once I tried their salad... I was sold.

Their salads are fresh, and the dressing is SOOO good.  I could drink it.
Chipotle in Phoenix has gone organic, hormone free with their meat! Yay! The stores in California have been using Niman Ranch meat for quite a while (they're a group of humane organic ranchers). 

I don't know that AZ stores are using Niman, but they made an announcement today that they are going organic, hormone free. So your prices might be a few dimes higher, but BRAVO, Chipotle!
Welcome to Burrito Heaven.  There's room for everyone here.

If you have not been to Chipotle, you must.  It is like looking at the face of God and having him stare back, saying "You are my most wondrous creation."

People always say "What's the big deal about a burrito joint anyway?"  Nothing.  But this is a burrito joint like the Super Bowl is a football game.  You start with a giant tortilla.  You start with three small flour tortillas.  You start with a bowl.  You just start.  

What you do from there is your choice, and each choice is rewarding, fulfilling and fresh.  The cilantro-lime rice is steaming when you get it and its citrus-y smell is what I imagine angels might smell like (or the inside of a bottle of Corona or something.  Use your imagination, damn it).

The meats are incredible too.  Chicken is grilled and chopped right where you can see it.  Barbacoa, a slow-simmered and spiced shredded beef, is elegant in its flavors and its tenderness.  The Carnitas, a roasted, shredded pork, is juicy and succulent.  And don't get me started on the Steak...cooked medium and spiced with adobo, it's slightly spicy and super-deelish.

The salsa, from the standard but fresh pico de gallo to the roasted corn salsa to the hot (with seeds) and green mediums, are all a perfect compliment to any and all of the meats, and you can experiment around as you see fit.  Sour cream?  Cheese?  Sure.  But don't cheap out on the extra money you have to pay to get the guacamole.  Thick, chunky, creamy green Jesus in vegetable form is what you'll find, and I swear to God if I find out any of you skip the guacamole, I'll hunt you down and Buffalo-Bill your asses.

The guacamole is so good, it makes Ghandi look like a child-pornographer.

Then they wrap it up in foil.  They hand it to you.  You pay.  You sit down at your seat.  You reach to pick it up and, after feeling the weight of it, think to yourself that maybe you need to hit the gym or something.  You've grown weak.

Only you haven't grown weak.  You're just holding what amounts to about a 2-3 pound piece of Burrito-Christ.  Rip off the foil.  Bite into it.  Taste it.  Savor it.  Paint out your feelings of how great it is on a canvas, lock it away for a year, open it up a year later and view it again.  IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.

Ok, so I'm being over-dramatic.  Sue me, I love Chipotle and everyone I've ever known who has come with me to experience has walked away enlightened and full to the brim.  

I should be like a Chipotle shaman or something, I swear :D
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh the burrito bowl!
I, for some reason, don't feel like such a hog when I have the bowl, as opposed to their gigantic burritos!
The barbacoa is delish!  
I also like that you can choose which beans you want: black or pinto.  Several different salsas to choose from.
Staff is always friendly, too.  
I usually go to the one near the Biltmore of the one on 92nd St and Shea.
Plus, it gives me an opportunity to use my Spanish!
two words: burrito bowl. 

good for you (i mean within reason, this is mexican takeout), inexpensive, and oh so good!
YUM!  I always order a vegetarian burrito with black beans.  I ask for an extra tortilla (free) so I can take half the stuffing out of the burrito and save it for a meal later.
I did not know a burrito could hold that much inside.
For almost every visit prior to this I'd give 5 stars, but I think because of a few new employees, today the experience was different.  First of all, the guy put the wrong kind of beans on my burrito.  Also, the cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt.  I said, 'No', but she still gave it to me.  My burrito was also smaller than usual.  But as always, it was delicious.  And for the setup, they have an extremely efficient way of serving customers.

Tip: Don't be afraid to ask them to put 'a little more rice', or 'a little more beans'.  They will do it and they won't charge extra.
I came here twice, both in different months, and both times sucked.

Soggy burritos does not make a hungry woman happy.
Um.  I love this joint.  Seriously.  It's the vegetarian burrito for me with black beans, obv, with lots of that hot salsa!  Mmmmm!  If I eat the whole thing I'm full for a good 8 hours....and my burrito is always so tasty, that yep, I'm full for a good 8 hours.  I wish I had the self control to save half for later.  

I'd give this 5 stars, but I'm kind of a health nut and we all know those white toritillas are def not healthy!
Had an early dinner here earlier today. The food was good as always. That burrito was as big as my head! I had the Barbacoa with extra rice and beans with everything but guac. Crazy yummy! 

The reason why I'm writing this review is because I found this Chipotle to be more dirtier than the other locations I've been to. Most of the tables haven't been wiped down and had bits of cheese and salsa on the (ew) and the soda station had a stack of napkins on it where an employee tried to fill the napkin holder, gave up and then just left a stack of napkins on top of the holder and napkins were all over the station and ground. It was like that when we got there and it wasn't until we were about to leave that they were even cleaned up. 

I used the restroom and that was dirty too! With hair and toilet paper everywhere and a very dirty mirror. I was like.. WTF?! The south side location is waaay cleaner than this one!! So much for Chandler being the "good side of town" - well... atlease in comparison to the South Side. lol. I unno, the food was great (as are all Chipotles) but the whole place was unclean. 

To my yelpers, if you're in that area - especially the mall, Chipotle is prolly your safest bet for a good place to eat. But be sure to bring some wet naps so you can wipe down your table, you'll thank me later!
Whenever I want a burrito and don't feel like driving to Rosa's, I go here. More often than not, I'll choose Rosa's, but on some days...well, you know. :)

I used to have issues with Chipotle, but only because it was owned by McDonald's, but McD's dumped Chipotle. Purely on my stubborn way of thinking did I not go.

It was hint to pass Go. I did. :)

I've been to various Chipotles around Arizona, California and Illinois.

This one is closest to my home and it's not bad. Sometimes they go a bit crazy on the rice and beans, but not enough on the meat. Sometimes they'll go crazy with the meat, but not enough with the beans and rice. But it doesn't matter, it's so tasty either way I don't give a flying leap.

The one thing that this Chipotle is consistent with is...dirty. I've come in at different times of the day and different days of the week, and the tables are always covered with someone's leftover rice, guac, salsa, dirty napkins and empty cups...I did slip on a bean, once. I didn't fall because I grabbed onto hubby - if I'm going down, he's coming with! ;)

It makes me think twice about eating there again, but hell, I lived in India and I survived that whole other unsanitary environment. I can survive anything. :p

So this location of Chipotle would've gotten 4 stars if it were more presentable.
I used to be a weekly lunch customer, but not as often now.  I was at CFS and after perusing the food court, I decided on Chipotle.  As much as I was craving a burrito, I wasn't up for the 1,200 calorie splurge.  So, I opted for the rice bol which was just as good and much lighter.  I noticed that they've raised their prices again....yes, I'm very price conscious these days.  

Their rice is delish...love the lime and cilantro flavor, pinto beans, grilled chicken, corn and mild salsa, lettuce and sour cream on the side.  Nice sized portion which I'm fnishing off for dinner as we speak :)
On the rare occasion I eat fast food, this is one place I would choose over 99% of any other place. The quantity is decent, the quality is better than most fast food, and the flavors are good. Plus, you can get a reasonably health meal.
chipotle oh how i miss you. we don't have one in hawaii but this is a must whenever we visit arizona! 5 stars!!! :)
Knock off of FreeBirds in Texas but still good.
This place is the creme de la creme of Mexi fast food for me. I always get a Carnitas bowl with the hot salsa and it is just delicious every time.

I also really appreciate the way Chipotle cares about organic food, especially their meat.
Be careful during the lunch rush, this store will have a line out the door! (For good reason though). All Chipotles use quality ingredients, and have a superior product. In my opinion, this store stands out because of the staff. Very friendly and extremely efficient. I use the iPhone app (ya, there's an app for that) and order/pay from my office. When you get there you can stroll right up to the counter and simply pick up your bag to-go. Nothing to sign, no hassle, and no wait. Can't beat it!! Don't stress accuracy of your order either. I've had zero issues with that.
What, another Chipotle adjacent to Chandler Mall?!  Yes, that's right there are now two Chipotle locations within walking distance of Chandler Fashion Center.  This location is close to the Modern Mommy, Green Table, and Lizard Thicket boutiques and unlike the other location does not share a parking lot with the Harkins theater.  This makes it infinitely superior to the previous location.  I just hope it lasts since this space has had a different restaurant tenant every six months for the last 5 years.
Good food made to order.

Even though it's chain food it's good.
So...on those rare occasions I don't feel like Jimmy John's, this is my first choice.  I absolutely love that they only use hormone-free local meats - it is such a fantastic step in the right direction that every other restaurant (fast food or not) should follow.  It may raise the prices slightly, but damn, food everywhere would be so tasty while the environment would get a little break.  Win-win, thus 5 stars.

Barbacoa is my favorite, and I really like that I can choose between black or pinto beans, white or brown rice, corn or flour tortilla, three different salsas, etc.  Great options that don't make me feel guilty afterwards.  

I do wish they had more than just watered down macro-Mexican beers, but I understand that it fits with the whole theme.  Any local beers would be wonderful, especially if they're looking to reduce their footprint even more and continue supporting the local economies.  Plus, it would help each regions' restaurants have a little bit of their own local flair.
Usually very busy, being that it's between the mall and theater, but great food as always.
Always good and fast. Rice is the best, meats are always grilled and fresh.
Hello, my name is April, and I'm a Chipotle addict. 
I always get the same thing...one small soft taco with all the fixings and steak, a kids bag of chips (just the perfect amount without going overboard...because if I get the big bag I WILL eat the entire thing). The perfect amount for lunch/dinner without breaking the bank, always under $5. YUM!!!
I thought I had reviewed this location already?  Weird.  The one closer to the mall is a total hassle since it is crowded with no parking so it is much better to go here instead (even if you are actually shopping at the mall).  You all know about the food and you either love it or you hate it but I just like this location since there is usually not much of a line, at least in the evenings.
Everything i get here is amazing. When i can't afford a bunch of food i just get chips and salsa..and guacamole. Hot salsa has flavor even though its really hot, i love it. The staff is very friendly. I've never had a problem with anything at all.
YUMMMMMM!!!!!  My favorite food!  Lots of scrumptious, nutritious options!
cant go wrong with it but the folks here need to learn little better how to roll the burritos, guess it comes with experience :) .
Always fresh and will love to eat there again. 
No difference then any other chipotle chain :)
Chipotle is amazing, and this one is no different from all of the others. Fast service, great food, reasonable price.

Get the bowl not the burrito for more food. I think they charge 99 cents for a tortilla with the bowl so it is no longer free. I was originally mad about this but it makes sense for them. Also make sure to get salad dressing on the bowl, it makes it infinitely better.
Another Chipotle

Another place to fall back on when your original plans fall through (the wait was too long across the parking lot).
Another location in the strategic grid of quick bites that always satisfy the whole family.
Another chance to have a burrito with barbacoa, brown rice, pinto beans, corn and hot salsa, sour cream, and that's it.
Another chance for my wife to decide between a burrito or a veggie bowl.
Another change for my daughter to have three kids quesadillas.  Maybe she needs an adult meal.
Another chance to read about the most recent locally bought, sustainable purchasing plan off of a cup.
Another change to try and figure out what the black and white pictures mean, and to interpret the message behind the wood and metal sculptures.
Another opportunity to have a great meal.
you cant beat chipotle :) ...always love the place.
Love the food at Chipotle. Usually get good portions. This one acts like rice and beans are not that abundant in this part of the country. Asked for a little more..... And got very little more :-(    . Come on guys. Rice and beans are cheap. Any other place uses them as fillers. You should try the same
I have recently fallen in love with the vegetarian crunchy tacos! This location serves them up pretty well with generous portions of peppers and onions, corn, sour cream, and lettuce. 

I work in the area and my lunch break is usually slightly after the lunch rush so when I visit this location they always seem to be winding down from the busy lunch rush, which means I often have to wait while the employee does something else. Sometimes the "assembly line" doesn't move as efficiently as possible...but the place is always clean and the food is always fresh.

I don't know if you know this, but Chipotle serves Mexican and some Domestic beer and margaritas! I didn't have one this time because I was on my lunch break...but from previous experience, the margaritas are pretty good and really strong. Definitely try one some time!
Now I love Chipotle....I've been to many indifferent states and I've always gotten consistently good food I can always rely on.  So when I thought I try a new location on the way home  I could not believe how disappointed I was about to be.  After watching the people in line order, I noticed the guy was putting 2 spoonfuls of rice on everyones burrito...now I know it's a filler but come on!!  So I asked him to go easy on the rice, which to him meant 1 heaping big spoonful followed by the tinyest portions of beans and meat.  You have to be kidding me.  So I asked for some more beans to which I got an incredible glare and probably what led to the even smaller amounts of meat.  

Ok, if I hadn't sat down to eat there I may never have noticed what was to follow.  Every single man had HUGE portions in their burrito bowl as they took their meal to the table and every woman has small portions...interesting.  Just because I may not eat as much as some men, doesn't mean I don't like leftovers.  

Sorry I guess this franchise has plenty of money coming in...they definitely don't need any of mine.
It hurts me to have to give any Chipolte a single star but I am afraid that I have to.  Yesterday while enjoying a salad at this location I noticed a little black bug laying on its back in the bottom of my bowl with its feet kicking up in the air.  Gross, YUCK, and seriously were my initial thoughts as I held down my stomach flipping.  When I brought this bug to a workers attention I was told that they "Try" to wash the lettuce but sometimes this happens.  Sorry to say that this does not help me forgive the experience because I cannot help but think of all the bugs I may have eaten and not have known it.
My kids like the tacos here.  I'll usually park and have them go in by themselves and order. They never had any problems.

I really like the corn salsa. I call it that because that's what it tastes like. It's super tasty.  It really should he their signature item, like Chevy's mushed corn side.
Previously I wrote how I had fallen in love with the vegetarian crunchy tacos. While these are still delish, I have a new love in my life and that's the soft flour vegetarian tacos. Here's what I do:
- Brown rice
- Black beans (the pinto beans have bacon)
- Fajitas (peppers & onions)
- Medium salsa
- Corn
- Lettuce
- Guacamole

I bet these are REALLY good with sour cream and cheese as well, but I'm trying to cut out the dairy. The medium salsa is AMAZINGGGG! I can't believe that after all of these years I am now just discovering it. 

I really like this location. The employees are really upbeat, positive, friendly, and very very helpful. The restaurant is always clean and you can tell that the kitchen where they cook everything is spotless.
awesome customer service every time and great food.. love eating here!
Who doesn't like Chipotle? They're always consistently good, the place is clean, and the staff friendly. I like that the food is always fresh, nothing processed. The boyfriend always gets the steak burrito and I tend to always get either a steak bowl or tacos. And I'm basically addicted to that corn salsa. You can't really go wrong by eating here.
I love Chipotle and the food here was great.  The workers not so much though, I had to ask for things multiple times and they all seemed to have a slight attitude.
I've never had a "bad" experience at chipotle cause seriously, how could you go wrong at chipotle? Ever?! Maybe it's just my unlucky day. The dude who was making my order just seemed like he dreaded working there. Now I understand that when you're having a bad day, it might be hard to smile and act friendly, but don't take it out on my food!!! I'm paying $8 for this piece of **** so make it right. He was being so stingy on EVERYTHING he added to my bowl, from the rice to the veggies to the corn, I had to repeatedly ask him "could you put more?" ...which I've NEVER had to do at a chipotle. Awkward as it already is, when we got to the end he asked me "anything else?" And I'm like, no I think I'm good, thanks. And then he's like "are you SURE??" What on earth! Now I'm getting attitude?!?!!! At a damn chipotle? Jeez!
I love their food!!! The favor is out of this world.
Locos taco is amazing.
I really like this location.  It is conviently located near Nellis AFB but away from the more seedy area.  I eat here about twice a month and have never had a rude staff member at either the drive thru or inside.  Clean!!  So hard to find on Craig Road.  Yes its fast food but the Cantina bowl is awesome and rocks my socks!
My fav fast food for tacos!!  This location is pretty fast and accurate.. The traditional crunchy tacos & double decker tacos are the best!!
I've always been a sucker for Mexican food--fast or slow made.  To me either kind of taco and burrito is usually satisfying.  So, I'm glad Taco Bell exists for some Mexican fare that is quick and good when one is on the run.  Thus I gobbled down a Burrito Supreme, Crunchy Taco Supreme, and large drink, followed by a 99 cent  Crunchy Taco and $1.09 Bean Burrito here while Diane was undergoing a CT Scan at Nellis AFB in the midst of an ER visit, before heading right back  to the hospital.  The #1 Combo supplemented by another taco and another burrito (I was famished!) nicely filled the bill.

Staff were friendly and helpful, and the place was clean.  No truly authentic Mexican victuals here--but still tasty fare in a pinch!

XXX-1/2 overall!
They are supposed to close at 2 am however when I came before that time I was told they already started to break things down and was closed for the night. If you close at 2 then close at 2 not before. I was really irritated by that.
This taco bell is close t my home and we enjoy it! They've never gotten our order wrong. However they tend to close before they are supposed to but no overall issues.
Solid  4 star food is good and well at time can be slow like every drive threw chain in las vegas area witch I am finding out. .

Any who the freeze drinks they make here are worth the trip espic since today was 90 yea I know 90 I am complaining about 90 degree weather wa wa... However on a day like today these where really worth stop I got black cherry freeze soo good I cant remember but back in the day they use to do the root beer flavor freeze's and I think the other was a & w obiv either the heat got to me or just a fun cop out lol. deff worth going just for this

Bring back rootbeer freeze
just wanted a quick bite to eat really nothing today just got the xxl nachos and freeze -- I think I got food poising not feeling good will call in am and report
Service was very slow. Restaurant wasn't very clean. 2 people sitting in the lobby and lots of dirty tables.. One of the employees kids came in and took over the place crawling on everything and was very disruptive. The fool was awesome and the staff was friendly.
Went to get the D-back special, three of them to go for my family.  Taco Bell wouldnt do it this time, even though they did it every time last year.  Pretty much done with taco bell at this point.
New place!!! Great food !! Great drinks!!!
New owners !!! All is great !!!
Have been going to Chuy's since the late 1990's.  

The new owners are doing a killer job.  Great food, cleaner and better service and they got rid of those nasty stuffed animals as table markers.  What is not to love?

Glad to see their business is doing well.
Same basic program as the Chuy's that it replaced. They really cleaned it up inside and it looks like the trimmed the menu back. The food is the same, but the portions may be just a little smaller.
I drive by CCS every time I go to church and haven't paid much mind. One night we decided to finally stop in.... OMG! Amazing! It's very laid back... I didn't really goto Chuys a lot but, let me tell you CCs is where it's at this is a true Phoenix Mom and Pop GEM! I love the salsa bar and how I can keep getting up for more chips or salsa and they are very kid friendly.. The strawberry lemonade was to DIE FOR... The food is GREATLY Priced. I can not wait to go back.. Seriously they are sooooooooo much cheaper than rubios and other competitors! I love CCs! The staff was so personable and nice!!!
I panicked when Chuy's went out of business. We were regulars of their happy hours and boozy Sunday breakfasts. But luckily CC's is almost identical to Chuy's with the menu, pricing, and specials. 

They still have their free chip and salsa bar, amazing HH specials, dirt cheap breakfasts, and $1.50 build your own bloody marys on Sundays. Woo-hoo! 

Food is slightly better but as one reviewer stated portions are slightly smaller.

I think the service is better than Chuy's. They were very warm and friendly. 

The strawberry margaritas, while a great bargain, were a little too sugary for me. I miss the mix they had at Chuy's. 

Patio is dog friendly! We can watch a game on one of the TV's outside while chilling with our dog at our feet. Order a pitcher or 2 and that is a good time to me.
place is amazing! great atmosphere, great food, decent service and awesome patio! It is great that I can bring my dog's with me while I drink a few beers and eat some bomb food. THANKS GUYS!!
Can't you give a 6th Star?  This is the old Chuy's reborn.  We have been coming to this neighborhood bar/grill for over two decades, including with our children when they were in elementary school.  What a great place for Kids of all ages, including those over 50.  When Chuy's went to the dark side, we stopped going, but now that our favorite manager has bought the place, we are back all the time.  The food is great and inexpensive.  the 5 * margaritas also deserve a 6th star and the staff is like family.
This place is good.  I can't say it's as good as when it was Chuy's, but they have kept the chef and some of the menu items, and it still tastes good.  Margaritas are amazing.  I love the Chicken salad as well.  Staff are really nice.  I will be back! :)
Good salsa, but the rest of the food was just so-so.
We are new to the area and like to have a good "happy hour". We tried this place out on Friday night from 5pm to 7pm. There were already many people there but we were able to secure seats at the bar. The service was attentive and the happy hour specials and prices were very good. Pitchers of margaritas and beer are priced attractively. Other customers were friendly. Decor is a bit quirky but it adds to the experience. We recommend checking this place out. Not fancy or upscale but worth a visit.
Is there something I am not seeing in this place? Went there this evening with my dad not knowing that that it changed from chuys. Was not impressed at all. Sat down at a high top and a nice gentleman came up to us to explain everything but unfortunately could not understand a word he said except to deduct that we were to go to the bar to order. Place looked clean enough. Got the food, cheese enchiladas they were ok but nothing to write home about. Not a whole lot of flavor and did not realize it is served on styrophome plates and plastic utensils. Not my kind of place, and I am not too fussy on where I eat, if I want a lower rate Mexican place I would rather go to Carolina's right down the way.
total dive bar... probably great if you are into that. Seems like everyone knows each other there... nice people too.

Not a place I'd avoid but not a place I'd seek out.
I already wrote a long review, but Yelp is asking me to write another. Like I said when this happened before- what happened to my other review? Now I don't feel like writing another.

...used to be Chuy's. Live bands play at this pretty much local dive bar with seaside decorations..
The food is okay.  The whole set up is kind of awkward.  You walk in and boom, the bar and cash register are right there and you feel like you need to decide what you want right off the bat because the door just opened and everyone is looking at you.  We went and grabbed a menu and a seat and then headed back up to order our food.   The food choices and prices are great, but the quality just isn't there.  Very, very loud place.  Oh, and Sunday they had a Bloody mary bar.  VERY generous on the vodka.  I would think the health board would have a problem with the serve yourself items that you put in your bloody mary.  Not too clean in that area.  YIKES.  We've been twice, and I don't think we will be back.
I used to live in the area and was here a lot when it was Chuy's.
Tasty simple food and decent prices. Quick, casual and good drink specials. It's good to see some things just don't change.

Last night was my first visit since it's been CC's. 
Went in with my stepfather as we were both quite hungry and he was in the market for a margarita. We both opted for the combo - a skewer of BBQ shrimp, 1/4 grilled chicken and a couple strips of tri tip. Served with a cabbage salad, beans and choice of flour or corn tortillas for $10.

We grabbed some chips and salsa from the self serve bar, took our drinks out to the patio and chatted for a few minutes (maybe 10, tops) and our dinners were brought to our table.

Disposable plates and utensils (not a fan - for eating from or for the sake of the landfills) - a VERY casual Baja-beach-bar type atmosphere (I am a fan - this is a place I am comfortable walking into for dinner, even after working on a move and being covered in move-related-funk) - and a dog friendly patio! (HUGE PLUS!)

I don't get up to this area much anymore - but when I am, chances are I'll be down for a bite and a drink at CC's.
This used to be a Chuy's that I frequented all the time. When the giant immigration bust came down I was terrified that I would lose my fried fish taco source. luckily, the long time bartender and her daughter purchased it and took it over. The menu pretty much remains the same and I would say the food quality is slightly better than before. What are the positives of the new ownership is they did away with those disgusting dirty stuffed animals they would give you to mark your order. In fact, the restaurant is a lot cleaner now than it used to be. This is nothing fancy--it's just a little local place. Everyone is very friendly and it gets kinda crowded on the weekends and during happy hour. Great place to sit outside on the patio with your dog as it is dog friendly. The free chips and salsa are definitely a draw and they always have decent food specials going on. That being said, I still don't understand why it's cheaper during happy hour to buy two small pitchers than it is a large pitcher (free tip). Otherwise if you're looking for a cool place to hang out, casual good food, good place to meet friends for drinks this is it. If you're just feeling the love / need for some great fish tacos on a Friday night call in an order to go. They do great to go boxes and even give you containers to take chips and salsa with you.
the salsa bar is good, free chips and salsa.
the  people working on the counter are rude.
had the california tacos so plaine has no flavor
wont be back
First time visiting here and will most definitely be my last! The food was awful, my shrimp cocktail was warm and tasted like rubber, their were fish bones in my salsa, there was no service whatsoever, behind the bar (which you had to walk up to just to order your dinner) was filthy, the bartender could not pour a proper draft and no fruit for the Shocktop I ordered.... We left our food on the table, paid the bill and will never, ever return! Would never recommend this place to anyone!
The best mesquite broil in phoenix, hands down.  Love this place and come every time we visit phoenix!
Resurrected from the closed Chuy's.  Almost exactly the same.  Walk in, order at the bar.  Self serve chips bar with salsa and shake.  Local crowd at the bar.  Everything that Chuy's was.  Even down to the roll of paper towels on every table.  The only difference I noticed was that instead of a stuffed animal to give you for your order (as a marker for the server), now it's a numbered small orange cone. 

Love the mesquite salmon dinner with mex rice and beans.  Good place to catch a game on one of the many TV's.  Sort of a Mexican/Mesquite/Sports/Local hang out.

Recently had the large nachos.  Awesome!  Huge.  I could not eat a thing after finishing it!
Came in on Saturday for tacos.  It used to be really good there, even under the new name, new ownership etc...  I ordered the California tacos and they were served COLD.  There was no flavor and it really wasn't cooked at all, it seemed like someone in the back had some boiled chicken laying around, cut it up and shoved it in cold corn tortillas.  It really pissed me off to pay for specialty tacos with no flavor and cold meat.  The salsa bar sucked too with no flavor, and chips that seemed old.  I will not go back.  However, there were a lot of people drinking beer and the patio looked inviting.  So maybe people just go to drink or something.  My boyfriend ordered the tri tip and chicken platter.  He said it was just OK.  Our lunch was $22.00 with no booze- not a good value.
I would have given a good review thru the first 3/4 of the meal, but at that point my wife bit into a one inch long piece of wire (I believe it was from a grill brush) in her enchilada. I brought it to the cashier and she said thanks and shrugged it off...so we left and will never go back.
Great food for very very fair prices. The chicken & the tri-tip are excellent. Good size portions. Caz atmosphere. Try the chicken salad... Excellent.
We went through drive-thru. It's right by our house, and we were in a Taco Bell kind of mood. Marcelle was our cashier. He was super polite and courteous. Lots of toppings on our nachos and burritos. Thanks! Now we know this is a great Taco Bell.
Always get good service here though sometimes its a tad slow. The foods always made the way i like it too. Which is why i come here. Which is also why im the duchess :)
I've been coming to this location for two reasons, good service, and entertainment from the bus stop outside.  However, recently, I've experienced not so great service.  Gosh, I wish the teens working at night would just pay attention. Two weeks in a row now I've gotten the wrong order.  
 First one last week, cheesy gordita crunch with chicken. I got a hard shell taco w/ chicken, cheese, and lettuce in it.   Bean and cheese burrito....I got a beef and cheese burrito. Maybe it's my east coast accent? I don't know.   Yesterday, cheesy gordita crunch with chicken. I got a gordita with chicken and cheese. Um hi, either you don't carry that one anymore, or the person reading the recipe does not know what they're doing?  Hard shell chicken taco encased by a soft shell tortilla w/ cheese between the two shells.  What is the issue?  I'm going to try another location until these workers move on to the next job.
Clean on the inside. Staff is friendly. Food is always good here. Never crappy. Other than a few homeless people hanging out across boulder highway, I like this place.
Horrible service..I can see staff messing around in the back while I watch them.. waiting for my food.. smh
It's Taco Bell what can we say.  We have been here a couple times but the last two time we have waited extremely long times in the drive thru. 

If you on a lunch break go to Roberto's. It's just not worth it.  Last wait time was 36 min if there had not been a. At in front or back of us we would have just left.
Yep! It's open,
With the growth of Surprise, there are going to be a whole lot more restaurants, fast food joints, and many other things opening around here. Taco Bell is one of the first! What can I say? I am a Taco Bell believer, really fell in love with them in my bachelor days! Saved me a lot of money! Love there flavored meat, and yes the are beef! Don't care what anyone says! Just like any other fast food joint! Service is the same, you get what you paid for people! Glad they open up!!
It's odd ro give a simple taco place 5 stars but this place deserves it.  I was pleasently "suprised" to find a Taco Bell that was so wonderfully clean to start with. The Asst. Mngr. took our order and was very polite a neatly groomed (a rare find at most TB's I've been to)  The tables were squeaky clean as was every part of the store. Our food was good and they portioned well so our tacos and tostado were not skimpy. I actually was full from my tostado as it had a hearty helping of beans YES!  I visited the ladies room when I got there and just before I left and they had actually cleaned it every 30 mins at stated on their restroom chart.  The proof of a VERY clean restaurant. The drive-thru was full but the employees looked like they were getting the orders out and nobody was just standing around chatting.  I gotta say it was such a nice change from what I would have expected.
Friendly staff, hot food, clean!  This place is always busy and a great bargain, especially during baseball season, when the Dbacks make 6 runs one more!
Worst Taco Bell ever!!! Very rude food was cold!! Now sauce was given or napkins! I will never return
Finally a Taco Bell near our house! Good service, clean, friendly. I go there with my middle child also TB Fan - YES!
Always curtious and fast.  Having been to several Taco Bells across the valley this one is one of the top ten.
As far as surprise goes, best tacobell hands down, the cleanest too. The beefy nacho grillers are fire
Wife was hungry for a taco so I went to Taco Bell (first time) and bought two crunchy supreme  and two crunchy tacos.  $6.09 a good price.  I took them home about 5 blocks away and as soon as we opened the bag out came a cold feeling, like when you open the reefer door.  We had to put them in the microwave for 30 seconds which turned them into a semi-warm sloppy mess oozing melted cheese and sour cream.  Needless to say we will go elsewhere when the next "gotta have taco alarm goes off".
I went throught the drive up window. The women who took the order was very rude and when we got to the window i paid and she handed me my 2 large sodas. She gave the first one to me fine. And the second one she let go and it fell and spilled all in my car. Not to mention we had to ask her for hot sauce. Every time I go there, she acts like she is in such a rush and is so rude. There were no cars at all in the drive up. So what's what rush? I will never go through the drive up again. And who knows i probably wont come to this location anymore. Terrible service.
It's Taco Bell....not much to say.  After they messed up our order and we left the parking, we had turn around and get it fixed. No apology. They just gave is the food and said,  "there you go".
good food, nice atmosphere...overall a good experience
Place is open and nice. Seating is comfortable wherever you sit. Only problem was we sat at our table for 15 mins and I'm not sure but there was nobody to wait on us. I figure we needed to go to one of the two bars to order drinks but noticed one bar had nobody there. We finally just left without ordering anything.
Shockingly good and inexpensive to boot. We got a nice corner table on the patio on a Saturday night when it wasn't so crowded. There is a dance floor inside with a very small crowd about 10pm. The food was great though. The $5 nachos had some magical combinations of ingredients. We added chicken, but the oaxaca cheese was a nice twist and the colored chips were easy to dip and get alot of toppings. One of the better nachos around. Tried the $3 side of five spice fries and those were thin and crispy, but not alot of spice really. My order of three tacos for $6 was incredible. You had Corona Beef, spiced chicken and tequilla lime shrimp. Each was loaded with toppings and came with an unusual side of jicama slaw. My buddies chicken pita at $7 was huge and looked great as well. Overall, a great meal. Inside of casino was packed, but this place had room to eat and dance if you wanted. Good slection of craft beers too.
I really wanted to like this place. It's impressive when you walk in (compared to the dated carnival that is Casino Arizona) modern, open, good amount of seating and beautiful open air patio with sliding glass doors. That's about where the good ends. I had a party of 15. I'm not sure if our server was the ONLY server in the entire restaurant or ????? Our drinks took forever to get. So much so that half of our party ended up just go directly to the bar, rather then wait for her. The table across from us went and spoke to the manager regarding their nonexistent server.. right behind her my husband had a word with him as well. All that did was give our server a pissy attitude. AWESOME!! Perfect Birthday party. 

The appetizers were really good. We tried 1 chicken & 1 steak quesadilla and a couple steak skewers. Food was super tasty! Drinks were terrible -- WEAK. I thought maybe it was just mine, so I had my friend (that's a non-drinker) try my vodka tonic and she said it tasted like.. TONIC -- FROM A NON DRINKER?! The entire table said their mixed drinks were terrible. We all decided to go into the casino and find a bartender that would pour a decent drink. 

The topper -- We all closed our tabs and left. Later that night one of my friends mentioned that a 15% tip was already included in everyone's bill.... Wait WHAT? WE ALL TIPPED HER DOUBLE because we didn't read the receipt ((we just wanted to LEAVE)).

I dislike writing bad reviews because I know how hard it is working in the food industry. Everyone has an off day and perhaps they were down a few servers, but I really don't appreciate it completely effing up my birthday. Super disappointed with the entire experience.
Went to watch the UFC fight at the Arizona Room last night with my family and we all enjoyed the food, the comfortable seating, the nice staff (manager checked on us two times) and the prices were Great for the taste and portion sizing.  Can't complain about yummy quesadillas and nachos for about $6 each.  Burgers were great, too (my aunt and uncle said so).  We ordered the sopapillas for dessert (just ok) and the churros with ice cream (ok also).  Great place to watch sports on a big screen and eat and great food for a great value.
Service at the bar suck! That's being nice about it. If you are not a regular, then you get overlooked for an obscene amount of time. As if the bartender is thinking, "If I ignore her, she will eventually go away". Wrong! I'm toughing this one out Boo-Boo! The bartenders card EVERYONE! So what if you look without a shadow-of-a-doubt like you're 75, you are getting carded. AND if by chance, your bartender takes a break and rude bartender #2 fills in, you get carded AGAIN. So freaking what if you have an open tab and an empty glass in front of you. Bring those credentials back out baby.  "It' for his own peace of mind." 

On a positive note, the Ceviche was out-of-pocket!!! I will put up with the rudeness of the staff just for that Ceviche! The Arizona burger, however,  was not so great. ...Reminds me of Wendy's square, flat-behind burger. The only thing that saves me from talking more about that sorry burger was those seasoned fries. They were hot and tasty! So, to recap... Service is non-existing, but take a chance!  The food is hit or miss! Lol. You're at a casino right!

County dancing is taught on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Dance lessons are awesome! It's a great group of people, including the instructor! The band that plays on those nights are good too.
I did a double take from the road when I saw the Chipotle sign go up a few days go. These guys are brand new and already busy as ever at lunch time. They're doing a great job of handling the surge of customers, who I am sure were all just as excited to see this wonderful sight from the street as I.

They skimped on my burrito bowl today, but I'm sure they'll make up for it in time - they always do. I'm a big fan of the steak and/or barbacoa bowl, brown rice, pinto beans, drenched in both pico and corn salsa, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. Everyone was really friendly and got me through the line quickly. I want to go back already!
It's about time Chipotle had a location on this side of the 101.  I'm so glad I no longer have drive to down to Paradise Valley mall when I am craving a burrito.

There's not much to say that couldn't be said about any Chipotle.  Unless you've never had the best quick service burrito on the planet, the food and restaurant is everything that you expect.  Prices are a little high, but so are the portion sizes and quality.  The space is pretty big, but I can image it being slammed during lunch.

I'm sure I will be picking up many orders from here for a long time to come.
Went in around lunch time and found it sorely lacking. I ordered a burrito and it was okay though the service was ridiculous - the waitress kept talking to other workers and had to ask me repeatedly what I had ordered or requested. Same for my fiance, except my food was alright and hers was bad, mostly because she ordered a salad and wasn't told till check out that they were out of salad dressing - ummm what?!  Nice customer service.  

I wouldn't say avoid at all costs but there are better alternatives in the area. (Which wich right next door) If it was busy I would be more forgiving but we were one of four groups in the establishment. Unacceptable.
I'm hooked.... I mean really...Call me a silly foodie but i really find the quality of the food at Chipotle to be unbelievably good...and their barbacoa tacos are to die for...
Honest to god, i feel that Chipotle gives fast food a good name...hard to believe that they're owned by giant McDonalds...as their quality sucks...but that's a different matter altogether...

This is how I like to eat them after I order them...well make sure you get a side of guac first and at least three lemons...and you'll need a knife too...more later..

Once at your table and you've finished staring and drooling at the lonely and terrified tacos, grab your knife and dive into the guac ...and spread a decent helping onto your taco...squeeze a lemon on top of it...season with pepper and mangia! Enjoy!!! Mwah!
First of all, love Chipotle so much. Fast service. Perfect place to eat last minute. So glad they finally put one at Greyhawk! Definitely a lot closer than the other one down on Scottsdale Road! The chips have a lime flavor to them which just makes them 10x better! Good prices and very reasonable for people not wanting to spend a lot on a meal!
Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????

Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl. What's going on? Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat? No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.  I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans. There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality. Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.
Chipotle, why do people call it Chipolte? I don't know. 
Chipotle is fast, inexpensive quality Mexican food. It is our go to place when we are to lazy to cook. We always order online and it is always hot, ready and accurately prepared when we show up. 
We usually get taco's or the salads. Both are tasty and amply sized. I like their beef and chicken, perfect seasoning and never greasy.
Delicious fresh food ALWAYS. Quick service & the best Patron Margaritas I have ever had!
I would give it four stars if the staff would be a bit more attentive.  I asked for more cheese 3 times and still ignored me and put the lid on my bowl.... 

It's a chain so nothing special about the food, taste the same as every other chipotle.
I was thrilled when this location opened! I'm addicted to the convenience and get beef/bean/peppers/mild salsa/corn bowls several times a week. The chicken burritos are good too. It's a great place to get slightly healthier, better tasting fast food. 

I find the service varies at most of the Chipotle's depending on the team working and crowd level... this location is normally pretty good overall. There are occasional order screw-ups with the often frenetic pace... and I think workers have trouble hearing over the required glass barriers at the counter. Occasionally I'll get 'short-spooned' on something like black beans... but not too often on the 'double steak' 
for $2.39 extra.. so I don't sweat it. 

McDonald's divested it's 90% stake in Chipotle back in 2006 as far as I know... and has been crying ever since. The stock's 52 P/E is a lofty valuation so it will be interesting to see if that continues... even though each store pulls in a ton of cash flow.

True... Chipotle has considered using antibiotic beef. There's an 20yr beef production shortage and the US Cattle herd is at a 61yr low.  Sourcing for natural beef is a major issue.. so they do seem to be bending some of their former 'goals' to meet demand. In 2013, I believe 15-20% of their beef wasn't 'naturally raised'. There just isn't enough 'naturally raised' beef to supply their growing demand. There are other complaints. Google "MotherJones Behind the Burrito" for one viewpoint and "In Defense of Chipotle" for another.  I've personally just never bought into all of Chipotle's responsible/sustainable hype... but figure that they are still more responsible than many other fast casual chains. 

Chipotle is expected to raise prices by 3-5%. I'd be surprised if it's not more on beef.
That could impact revenues and stock price... time will tell.
As a chain restaurant, Chipotle has great food generally! We have eaten at several in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. They offer some healthier choices, and the price is not bad considering the quality you're getting.
This particular store has the worst service we've experienced out of all of them! It doesn't seem to matter whether you come in the busy time or off time. 
Staff are frequently yelling to each other behind the counter, which contributes to the noise level in the restaurant. Tables are often in need of cleaning, and none of the employees seem to be that intent on getting that task accomplished. 
We have been short spooned several times, we've had to ask to get the full portion, and that usually comes with an attitude! That usually happens when the bins are getting low, they seem to be concerned with giving too much and having to refill them.
One time they were out of forks. How can a restaurant run out of plastic forks?! And how do you eat a salad without a fork? This restaurant does not have spoons. Luckily we carried some in our car... The manager did not care for my comment about going next-door to the grocery store and buying some plasticware.
One time they were out of tea. Instead of offering to make more, they just said "were out"!
Now if you happen to know one of the staff, then you will get great service and full portions! The only reason we keep coming back to this location is it's the closest to us and because the food is great.
My wife and I went in just before 9pm, which is over an hour before they close.  As we walked in we noticed an employee standing on the grill (which was off with no lights on) taking down the hoods to clean.  After noticing the early closing duties being done, we looked to see that all the selections of proteins were at the bottom of the pan except for the barbacoa.  
My wife ordered the chicken tacos, which had a clear sign stating that they had an OUTAGE of their regular chicken indicating that the chicken they were currently serving, wasn't organic and contained hormones. No biggie its just chicken right?  I ordered the barbacoa burrito simply because it looked like it was the freshest item made to offer.  After sitting down to eat I took two bites and realized that my entire burrito was cold.  I opened the burrito and stuck my finger right into the center to realize that it was not the slight bit warm but entirely cold including the barbacoa.  Went inside to make the Manager aware that the barbacoa was cold.  
The manager simply stirred up the meat and tasted a sample for himself.  His reply was, "yeah its not very warm but that probably because we haven't touched it and stirred it enough..  We don't cook this here, it comes in cooked and we only re-heat it."  
That pretty much solved the question at hand, they don't cook the barbacoa there and they don't even re-heat it to a sanitary temperature.  I would think these employees have gone through a food training class where the FDA clearly states that between 50 and 140F there can be rapid growth of bacteria in beef.  Food has to be kept above 140F otherwise bacteria starts to grow and doubles every 20 minutes.  This manager had no concern what so ever to be apologetic because he was clearly more interested in closing although they were open for another hour.  I received a refund per my request for the meal and didn't even get an apology.  I would suggest that no one eat at this chipotle after 8pm.  The staff is too focused on closing rather than providing a quality product.

http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodborneIllnessContaminants/BuyStoreServeSafeFood/ucm328131.htm
So the food is alright but they have a few problems to address!
First is their outrageous prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's just TOOO much for 1 burrito and NO DRINK!
Second is the portions! They are SOOOO GREEDY with the meat!
They grab a nice big stack of meat some times and put half back eye balling, no almost counting how many pieces of meat they have the customer. SERIOUSLY!
And it's not just 1 Chipotle, they ALL do it! It's bad etiquette to put and pull a portion of a serving like that as well!
3rd issue is the phone orders to go. OPEN ANOTHER REGISTER DUMMIES! Don't make people wait just to ring up some one who ordered via phone or however. Plus it's not a good feeling when you're the one that ordered and picking up, it stinks having to cut people off because the business is TOO CHEAP to open a 2nd register.
4th and last but not the least important here, WHY are you charging sooo much just for Guac? Total rip offs, yet every American just pays the fee! 

This place is making a KILLING for what they charge, I don't care what any one says. It's just too expensive for what you get. Plus some times the people serving can be rude, not all the time but I guess they just have those days.
Great experience my first time there.  Good food, great atmosphere, great service.  I would definitely go back!
New building...very open, modern and inviting.  Ate at the bar which is excellent for people watching.  Everyone was professional, friendly and I love that the staff doesn't all have the same boring uniform.  Dale the bartender was awesome!  So happy that this joint  has moved into my neighborhood!
I've been to the location on Tatum many times and always enjoyed the food. I assumed the food would be the same at every location, not true. My husband & I both ordered the diablo pasta with shrimp. We both thought the dish was bland. In the past it had lots of flavor plus a little heat, not this time. 

Also, we went on Cinco de Mayo. They had $2 Coronas, but ran out. How is that possible? We may return then again we may not.
Great building, cool place to hang out. But if you are looking for tasty and unique food, you can do much better at many of the other restaurants in the area. They are still trying to get there service techniques down, so it was noticeably chaotic. Also, happy hour specials are nothing to write home about. 

I've been to other Z Tejas's in the valley and found this one to have not as good service and definitely not as good food. 

Regardless it is one of the more unique settings to hang out with big open windows and a glass ceiling.
We have been to the Tatum and Shea location many times and had high expectations. This place did not impress us. We had been on Mother's Day and the place was packed. The staff was friendly but the kitchen didn't seem to be able to cope with the crowd. It was an hour 'till we got our food and then it wasn't hot.
We thought we would give it another try so made a reservation for 6 pm. on Friday night. At 6:45 , after not a word from the hostess, we gave up and walked over to PCG and had a great evening. 
I don't think we'll be going back.
I like Z'Tejas and I frequent the location in Scottsdale Fashion Square a lot.  This location just opened by my house and have been five or six times.  

The food has always been the same great food I'm used to at the Scottsdale location.

The service has been great on the bar side so far.  Last night, the dinning room service was sub-par.  I'm pretty sure our server was trained and just thrown out to wolves!  The management needs to do a better job of training their team before giving them a table of seven on a busy Friday!

Hope the service improves!
LOVE this place! We came here for a work lunch and I walked out full, buzzed, and happy. 

Order the cornbread. Order the trio. Hell, order anything you want. ALL of it is good.

Crazy note:  There's a margarita called the "Shemango" that is AMAZING. They only allow you to order a maximum of three because of how strong the drink is. I finished the first one and felt like I drank five. SUCCESS!
This Z'Tejas location unfortunately hasn't lived up to the expectations I developed after frequenting the Tempe location. The atmosphere feels a little "Old Country Buffet" to me (light green and white tablecloths, boring plates) and sadly, the food just isn't anything to write home about. 

Most recently, I have ordered the trout dinner and also the chicken burrito on a separate occasion. Both were satisfying but neither one thrilled me, and both were served somewhat sloppily (no garnish, food off center, nothing looked "pretty"). I agree with some of the other reviewers who noted that the staff seem to still be getting a hang of the menu and presentation. 

The frozen house margarita here is ALWAYS a good choice. You can never fail with one of those suckers! The margarita alone will guarantee my return here - even if I only order appetizers. The tableside guacamole is yummy and the happy hour price ($6 as opposed to almost $11 regularly) is worth it. I have always loved the cornbread and the salsa/dip trio on the appetizer menu. 

In summary: go for the margarita and the appetizers! I'd like to try dinner service again in a few months when they've had more time to perfect it.
Worst experience at a Z Tejas ever. First, there is no parking. Then Ivey was a horrible server, non-attentive, didn't bring more drinks as we sat with empty glasses for 20 minutes. Then food was mediocre at best, they over-cooked my $26 steak, then took so long to bring a new one that I had to eat alone as the rest of the table had already finished. To top it off, in the middle of dinner, there are blinds in the ceiling that they opened while food was on the table and watched the dust fall into food. Completely unacceptable and would not recommend this Z Tejas location to anyone.
My wife and I dropped in for a bit Monday evening.  Place was not super crowded, but busy.  Service was horrendous.  We sat there unaknowledged (is that even a word) with no one saying hi, offering a water, or anything for like 5 minutes.  That being the case, we took our business elsewhere.  Not very impressed at all.  Head over to Richardsons if you want great service and good mexican food.  We won't be going back unless we get desperate for variety.
I thought the service was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the glass ceiling in the center of the restaurant. The food wasn't spectacular, but definitely consistent with what I expect from a ztejas. I had catfish beignets with fries which were peppery and great with the spicy tartar sauce. My husband had Barbacoa enchiladas which tasted fine as well.
Great service and food.  Thank you to Hemi and the chef for the special habenaro salsa for the turkey wrap, delish. Very consistent any time of day.
I have been here a few times and it has never failed to disappoint.  The margaritas are pretty good but not the best I have had.  Their bloody mary's are average even though there is a website that says it is one of the best bloody mary's in town.  The chicken tortilla soup is outstanding! I do not normally like soup from restaurants, but this one is the best I have ever had.  I have had a few entrees but none of them very memorable.  The only reason why I give this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is because every time I order the soup to go, it is usually pure broth.  When I eat in the restaurant, however, it is a full meal with plenty of chicken.  I do not think it is fair to pay and tip for a to go order for about $10 when I end up just paying for broth.  Great place overall, though.
I recently went to the new Z'tejas location on 16th and Bethany for my one year anniversary and we were sat near the windows and our server recommended some margaritas. The fruzion was delicious. And so were both of our meals also recommended by our server. We both had the diablo chicken pasta. Our server was a short blonde, her name escapes me but I thoroughly enjoyed my time at this restaurant.
The first thing I noticed when I walked in is that the building is very well designed. So for architecture I give Z Tejas a strong grade. 

I'll be honest, I wasn't that excited to see this addition to the neighborhood. The Richardson's/Rokerji/Dick's Hideaway people do Southwest food about as well as it can be done and all are within an easy walk of Z. Neighborhood bar? I'll take any number of places including the Garage across the street. I'm just not sure where Z Tejas fits. 

The food is exactly what you would expect, pretty good, not great. If you have friends in town from rural Washington/Nebraska/Minnesota, this will be exotic and outside their comfort zone from a flavor standpoint. Arizona people might think a little... Meh. I do like that they section out their menu to show the vegetarian listings, always a positive to make things easier on the diners. 

The southwest slaw (I think that's what it's called) was one of the worst things I've ever had. It tastes like somebody took cole slaw and added all the black pepper they could find. I like pepper so I can only assume this was a mistake or designed for a consumer that has almost no sense of taste.
Great service and the food was amazing!
Never disappoints! Love coming to this place for their happy hour specials.  Their food is gourmet, always has tons of flavor.  AMAZING AMAZING, AMAZING!!
This place is great, everything about it. Last night my waitress was scarce but another was on top of my drinks. Go figure. But the street tacos are a definite order every time...just delicious. Great happy hour menu and the reverse happy hour make for a terrific late night snack.
The restaurant looks great and our waitress was super.  We order some appetizers, including the made at the table guacamole.  We were told how the pumpkin seeds really set off the dip.  Wrong.  There wasn't any sort of seasoning that we could taste and the seeds were distraction and were NOT visibly appealing.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great by any means.  The salsas you offer were offensively bad however.  My friend commented the house salsa reminded him of the stuff they served in the junior high cafeteria.  When I tasted it I had to agree.  Then we tried the avocado based salsa.  It was suspended in gelatinous mass that reminded me of mucus.  So not good I had one taste and had the waitress remove it from the table.  The remaining salsa wasn't bad, but was so watery and runny you couldn't keep it on a chip.  To have a name like Z'tejas and not have a salsa that is even passable should be embarrassing for you all.

The cornbread looked great and who doesn't like free cornbread?  Um, that would be us... After we tasted it.  Bad texture and devoid of good flavor.  Throw some green chilis in there and lose the honey butter.  Honey butter doesn't lend itself to cornbread.  Fry bread yes, cornbread no.

My friend had the famous tortilla soup.  It suffered the same mucus condition afflicting the avocado salsa.  I can't remember ever just looking at a soup and finding it unappetizing... Not so looking at his bowl of greasy goo covered in cheese.  Seriously?  Have you even had tortilla soup?  

My buddy had the mushroom enchilada.  Everything about the plate made it look unappetizing as it was drenched in flavor-lacking sauce and devoid of any "zip" or "zing."  He ate half and gave up. My entre had been recommended by another server--the steak burrito.  I ate 2/3 of it before I realized I was eating to finish, not because I was enjoying it.  The whole time I kept waiting to be impressed, or even satisfied.  I threw in the towel.

We momentarily considered dessert but given the lackluster performance thus far we both knew it would just be more let down.  Each of us, at some point during the meal announced "I'd never come back here for this."  On the way out we said in unison, as we eyed Zipps across the parking lot... "We should have gone there to eat!"  There was not one memorable dish.  Not even a memorable flavor.  The meal just sucked!

Our server was great and seemed apologetic as she saw the unfinished plates.  I have to imagine she sees that a lot.  I cannot fathom they have many repeat customers.  Within a stone's throw you have four restaurants that produce meals far better than anything I saw you offer at similar prices.  The Rokerij, Richardson's, Phoenix City Grille and even The Vig.  

Their first priority should be getting a decent salsa.  Next would be actually trying the food they are putting out and then seeking to make it taste like something good.  

I'm hugely disappointed with the quality of their food.  I give dcor and service big thumbs up.  But I won't return for just those two things, there has to be good food too. 

PS: I'm shocked to see the rave reviews of the food.  I can only assume such reviewers spend a lot of time eating at Denny's.  Filiberto's serves up far better tasting food for a fraction of the price.
Well my first visit here wasn't great. Food didn't get ordered, got double charged, and there was a hair on the plate. Yikes. This all was taken care of by our waiter who was very nice. I came back a second time and it was better. Got the Hickory Burger. YUMMY! and the quesadilla was fantastic.
Excellent grilled trout with mango salsa. Steak burrito rocks! Superb table service, attentive and informative. Very clean inside and out. I like that there are seating choices either the "library" a quieter area, or the "man cave" in the bar area, the "green room" like an atrium with plenty of light, or the actual bar area. Something for everyone. Looks like happy hour menu is diverse. On Monday's and Tuesday's it's 1/2 off a bottle of wine. Prices are reasonable and service was excellent. We'll be back.
Thank you, thank you..... Um........for proving my point. 

Fusion places are a bad idea.... Add the fact that its a chain to that and wow = disaster.....

We had a party of thirteen. Great service, considering the size of the table, the server was awesome... Meaning nice, and attentive.

The food however, and I use the term "food" loosely, was horrible. Why do they feel the need to mix, Mexican, southwest, southern, and Chinese!! 

Really what is that?

Can't you just do one thing amazing and not twenty things just mediocre?

Anyways...13 people and not a one finished their meal. Not a one had the same thing, not a one, took anything to go, and not a one liked what they ordered..... Ehhhhh 

Food is just weird, prepared weird, looks weird and tastes like an expensive chili's

Okay, okay.... I am done. Sad but true, such a waste of an amazing local community location...... :-( 

P.s. don't ever tell someone from the south that you serve the best cornbread in the country........well, unless its actually true. Okay thanks.
I was a little bummed to see a chain restaurant open in the neighborhood, but figured I'd give it a chance. That was a mistake. Went with a large party. Everyone's food, and I mean everyone's was over sauced. Not one person finished their meal. Most barely made a dent. We ALL agreed is was just not good.  So sad. Something locally owned would have been a much better addition to the neighborhood.
Just not good.  The few times I went I gazed longingly across the street at The Garage...where the food is actually good and I'm not pissed when the check comes to the table.
I really like this place!  The drinks are fabulous!  And most of the staff is outstanding.  I think its easy to find the 7's when you more often than not get level 10 servers!  I feel terrible I cant remember her name but Lynette? maybe? is amazing!  I adore and I have to say I so appreciate that EVERY female that works there always looks impeccable.  Great hair great make-up freshly pressed clothes great smiles!  Grooming is so huge in service and I feel like people miss that all the time.  Not these people!  All the food is great and you have to get the watermelon jalapeno  margarita!
Z'Tejas has been around forever, even before I started cooking 15 years ago. I remember being a punk high school kid and going to Scottsdale Fashion Square and actually smoking on their "patio" that was actually inside the mall.

At that point in my life I had two favorite meals... the Tuscan Lemon Chicken from Hoolihans, and the Diablo Chicken Pasta from Z'Tejas.

Sorry for being all introspective, but nearly ever time I try something from my childhood that I haven't had for a long time I end up disappointed. So here is my dilemma, is the quality gone south, or my taste buds "north"?

Ug... I dunno, but this dish was a huge let down. I remember the cotija cheese having a nice pop and the pasta being cooked perfectly. This time the cheese was scant and the pasta was a mushy blob.

My wife says I should know better. I used to think my mom's linguini was sent down by angels, now Ia make a Fettuccini Alfredo that Mario Battali would eat off of the floor if i dropped it.

Its me I guess. Sometimes I wish I was a kid again.

If you still love Olive Garden or can't wait to go back to Applebee's you will love this place. If you've moved on from your high school crushes and refined your taste buds, you may just want to head in for one of their superb margaritas and eat at one of the other fabulous restaurants in the area.
Zensational is Z'Tejas!  

So glad one has opened up in Central Phoenix!  So the Chambord Margarita is my new favorite drink there for sure.  Sweet yet not over sour like other margaritas they serve.  

Our server or servers were awesome and on the ball the entire evening.  The evening started with two of us then grew to four.  We ordered off of the happy hour appetizers menu which were really great deals for what you receive.  

Loved the dumplings! They were filled with chicken and mini shrimps then seared on the bottom in a cast iron skillet.  We the pork tostados were probably the least favorite of the entrees we ordered.  The trio nachos was a good appetizer to being with. 

Overall , I had a great first experience at this location.  The only thing that really destroys the evening, is trying to find parking.  Other than that, this location is huge and looks like a great place with bigger groups!
Very friendly staff.  Nice ambiance.  But 5.50 for a beer?  Come on.  That's just ridiculous.  Won't be back.  It's not about money....it's about Principle, baby!
Brunch was very disappointing--like a bad expensive Denny's. Bloody Mary bar is outstanding and the building is nice, but the food was expensive and failed miserably to live up to the menu descriptions. It's surrounded by great brunch restaurants that don't disappoint--I won't return for weekend brunch.
This review is 4-1/2 stars.  Our server, Justin is AWESOME!!!!!  He made the visit a blast and a fellow server that chimed in here and there.  =)  Even the food runner had fun conversations with us.

I was on the my way home, then I get a text.  HH?  On a Friday night, after being locked in a room for 9 hours to work a project.  HELL to the yes (borrowing from Glee).  I walked in and found L & M all happy from HH specials.  The table was 3/4 full of food and drinks.  I had to join in on ordering food....

CATFISH BEIGNETS:  My favies!  Fried light and spices just right.

CAST-IRON SKILLET DUMPLINGS:  chcken and shrimp filled, the skillet get the dumpling skin to have that pan fried crispiness.  

FLAT TOP GRILLED QUESADILLA:  Quesadilla - Nothing special

CHILE PORK TOSTADAS:  These are yummy.  Each clumpy of yummy pork on their crispy tostadas. 

BLACKENED CATFISH TACOS:  It was more a roll than a taco.  It was ok.  

NACHOS with Cheesy Something - ?  YUMMY!  Nachos and yummy melted cheese dip.
Opening Day and it was tasty and fun. Love the open windows and skylight dining area
I'm from Austin, Tx, so visiting the Z for brunch or dinner on a weekly basis is a must.  As a Longhorn, my only complaint is John is a Buckeye fan.  

This place offers some delicious food and drink.  I highly recommend it.
This restaurant is beautiful. Hadn't been to Z Tejas in a while.  Food hasn't really improved.  I really like Mexican food, so this place doesn't cut it.
It's consistently pretty good.  It's chain food, and I am a little against big corporate restaurants as they are all pretty vanilla.  That said there is nothing run of the mill about their chambord margarita.
Service was friendly. food was good. went for lunch, it took them some time to bring it out, but thats fine, makes me feel they are spending some good time making it right

negative: very scant draft beer selection...
Went there for an early after diamondbacks game dinner. Ugh, not a fan at all. Not only is it decorated completely ugly, they seemed very confused on what direction they were going with when they were decorating the place. The food was alright, nothing that wowed us. What made me give only 1 star was the incredibly horrible service.  Our server was barely at the table, completely forgot that we were having the Sunday preset menu, brought us the check way too early, but kept forgetting to bring a togo box, so when we'd see her more than 10 minutes later, she'd laugh about it, disappear for another 10 minutes, and come back without a box again, then laughed about it. I would have complained to a manager, but at that point we just wanted to go home. Needless to say we won't return, which is a shame since it's so close to home. DISLIKE
A weak start but a strong finish . . . . . . 


The wife and I spent the weekend in Arizona. While visiting some friends there, we made a special visit to Z'Tejas. This place was spoken of highly and came highly recommended. 

I was impressed from the start. Walking up to this joint, it looked nice and modern. The outer walls rolled up allowing plenty of fresh air in and an open environment. The dim lighting and unique oil paintings provided an elegant yet romantic energy. I liked it immediately. However, I gotta say, the mint colored  table clothes were hideous. But it was like the staff heard me say that to my wife because they changed them to white almost immediately. 

It took almost 10 minutes to get service. When I stood up and began looking for a server, she approached me and explained that her last table was a nightmare. She was awesome from there. Further more, she introduced herself (Chris) twice and was perfect from there on out. Personally, I like when servers offer suggestions or their favorites. Shows they care. 

The appetizer was retarded good! It was comprised of a spicy avocado and shrimp topping on a crispy cracker. The spicy avocado and smoked shrimp were battling for dominance. But together, they were a dream. I could have eaten 50 of them summa-bitches. 

My entree was even better. It was comprised of four pork tenderloin medallions stuffed with chorizo. I mean, really? Who thinks of this? It was like art!  Damn near belongs in a museum. 

To top it off, we had Kalua cheesecake. The cheesecake itself was fresh, moist, and otherwise perfectly executed. A Kalua based sauce was drizzled over the top of each slice. This slice could have gone toe-to-toe with The Cheescake Factory. Real Talk! 

Overall, I really liked this place. LikemBrooks and Dunn said, it just gets better all the time. Can't wait to go back!
It was a lunch time, and I was starving. Z'tejas seemed to be the only quick option around, so we parked our car and got a table. 

The overall design of the place was not bad. The service was not bad (fake). Now the food... The food was bad-from the presentation, to the consumption part, was just bad. 

I had the Pork "tender"loin
The meat looked like it had been sitting in the Atlantic for a few years. The onions rings were the best thing in the plate, and I use the word "best" very loosely

My mother had the mahi... She compared it to, "A dried out version of what could've been" 

Z'tejas need to stop trying to do 20 things and focus on one type of food.

                             -Heisenberg
Terrible Zervice but great foodzz!  

 We sat at the bar, it was a slow night only 4 others were sitting at the bar.  Bartender ignored us!  He was cleaning.  Finally he took our order after about 10 minutes. We almost got up and left.     

The food was delicious, we had the green chili pork stew with tortillas.  The food runner was great he saved the day, I wish I could remember his name to thank him, he attended to all of our requests for hot sauce and more tortillas. 

Usually my experiences at  Ztejas  are  great! The food is consistently good and the Mango Margaritas are wonderful. This location needs to step up to the great service we always have at  the location on  Tatum and at Scottsdale Fashion Square location. 

This new Ztejas is beautiful with a gorgeous patio and would be great this time of year to sit outside.  We may give them another chance.
Served us a raw turkey burger, and there was a cooking string imbedded in our stuffed pork tenderloin, we got an apology and a new cooked turkey burger 15 minutes later, and charged twice for the turkey burger but the took one of them off, how thoughtful... Terrible but the building is nice
Had a great experience at this location. First impression of the design and decoration was amazing. We sat next to a wide open accordion window so we could enjoy the wonderful weather and open air. I ordered the BBQ burger and it was honestly one of the best burgers I gave Ever had. The BBQ sauce mixed with the pickles, bacon, and jalapeo sauce was great. I had a great time and the staff was very attentive and nice. I will go back.
Good Bloody Mary Bar and great Burgers.
I recommend the mango steak salad and the chambord margarita. I'm glad they came in to the area I no longer have to drive to the Tatum location.
This is a fairly predictable Tex-Mex chain style restaurant.  The food and drinks were average.  I wouldn't mind eating here, but definitely would not go out of my way for a meal here.
Hadn't been to Z'Tejas in years and only recently realized they'd opened a location in central Phoenix.  Came here with my Dad for dinner.  The weather was perfect outside so they actually opened up the big windows in the dining area which gave it a great open air feel.  The waitress was very friendly and was attentive throughout the evening.

We started off with the cornbread.  Not the best I've had but very flaky and buttery.  For the dinner, I got the chicken mac and cheese.  The chicken had a little kick but wasn't as spicy as I expected.  The mac and cheese was excellent and the breadcrumbs complimented the dish nicely.  Simple, stick to your ribs goodness.  The mac and cheese dish was a little pricey at $15, but it was a pretty good portion of food that filled me up no problem.

Will be interested to try out the rest of the menu at some point.  Food was decent and the building is a nice addition to what used to be an all but dead corner of 16th and Bethany.  Seems like most of the previous reviews appear to mirror my experience (though I didn't hate my food as much as some apparently did).  But for what its worth, I was satisfied with my first visit here.
So...I'm not usually one to frequent corporate restaurants....but I can't stay away from those dang frozen margaritas! If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't eat here half as much. I would give the menu 3 stars, but there are two great things on the menu. The chili pork verde and the diablo chicken pasta. Can't go wrong there...and the Tejas trio is great to snack on if you just want a small bite.
I dined at Z'Tejas last night (12/19/13) on Bethany Home Road. This was my third visit to this location. My prior visits were excellent, however, last night was not good. I will say the food was excellent but the service was not. My friend and I arrived at about 5:40pm. We were greeted promptly and we ordered our cocktails, appetizer and main courses all at the same time. Our drinks arrived and then our appetizer shortly after. Great we were happy. Literally 2 bites of the appetizer and our main courses arrived. I was shocked. When our waiter came over to see how we were doing I told him that I not thrilled that our main course arrived just about on top of the appetizer ( we ate the appetizer with our main course) the waiter laughed it off and said gee when you want the food in a hurry it doesn't come so go figure. Here is the best part of this ridiculous dinner: we arrived at 5:40pm and we were done eating by 6:15pm. How absurd is that? Think of the revenue the restaurant lost - I was ready to have 2-3 glasses of wine during my leisurely meal yet I had barely drank half of my glass of wine by the time I finished my meal. I should have complained to the manager but I was too irritated to do that. While I really like the food there I will hesitate to go back. That is a shame because my prior experiences were very good but last night their customer service was awful.
If you're in the mood for mediocre....this is it. My entree was pretty good, but everything else was at best, ok. If I could give 2.5 stars, I would, I'm a generous person.
Go to Richardson's, Phoenix grill, otro or dick's hideaway. They are all far superior.
This place is crazy expensive for mediocre food! They have good drinks, cornbread and tortilla soup. That's it. My group of friends and I did not like our entrees. Chicken was overcooked and they smothered our pasta with this bland gravy-like sauce.
Will not go back or recommend.
Great spot for Happy Hour. Skip the mediocre entrees and just sit at the nice bar and enjoy an appetizer and a drink.

Happy Hour is until 7pm Mon-Fri and it gets busy. If you're lucky, snag a seat at the bar and order up a Chambord Margarita and some Guacamole and chips.
Although our waiter was very nice, he quoted the wrong special and I received the wrong meal.  My husband got his meal 15 minutes before I got mine and we were unable to dine together lest his food get cold.  And the seafood enchilada, which I ordered in lieu of the special, was not to my liking.  For all of the inconvenience, we were given a coupon for a free appetizer the next time we dine there.  Yeah, right, as though we would go back.  I will stick with Richardson's/Rokerij/Dick's Hideaway in the future if I want great Southwestern food.  Also, it was FREEZING inside.  I agree with other reviewers who said that the food is bland and swimming in icky sauces.
So glad I picked this place to spend my 31st B-day....NOT! The hostess acted like she didn't know what we were there for and our server, who in the 90 minutes we were there I think I saw twice, was not personable and seemed like he was in a hurry! Our drinks took FOREVER as did getting our check! However with all that negativity they still have the best margaritas and the food was fantastic! I'll be back, just not to this location!!!
Wow, can't believe how many negative reviews are on here, especially after the awesome experience we had!  We have always loved Z's and this latest location is no exception!

They were packed for a Sat. early evening, and the servers were jumpin'. We were approached in the bar table immediately and our server was friendly, gracious, and prompt. Ordered a couple drinks, appetizers, all of which came out quickly and served hot.  I asked what certain apps. consisted of, and she explained in great detail how they were served.  She was spot on and the dishes were delicious.

Maybe they read the past reviews and stepped up the service and food, because we had the experience we always have at Z's; excellent and delicious...or maybe we just aren't as particular or have extreme expectations as some readers have...
We were in last week for a birthday party in the bar area. Unfortunately, I had a pretty hefty sized lunch so I wasn't very hungry when I came in. I ordered the tortilla soup and it was fantastic, one of the ladies at our table thought it was a bit spicy, however, I didn't taste the spice at all. It had a wonderful flavor and the avocado was a great addition to the soup. 

They really made this new location look great. I loved the windows all the way around the restaurant until someone decided they needed to open them. It wasn't warm out, the temps were only in the 60's and it was windy so as soon as the windows opened everyone's napkins started flying around. Most folks appeared to be cold, when people start putting on sweaters/jackets while you're opening the windows, it might be a sign the windows don't need to be open. 

Because of this, I wouldn't be back unless it was warm out for fear of freezing to death.
Showed up with a group of people after kickball and hostess was very short and un-accommodating. After waiting at a dirty table and no service, we left.
Very rude would not serve a group of 20 poeple because the host did not want to move tables together and sit us.
Its tough, as a resident of this area, to support a corporate chain coming into the neighborhood, but Z Tejas is a welcome addition.  The bar area design is very cool, but the dining room decor is very lack luster - who sits in dining rooms anymore?  The service is always fantastic, even at peak times!
Had the breakfast enchiladas, very nice flavor with the red chili sauce and chicken. I subbed in the pan fried breakfast potatoes for the Black beans and yet I still got black beans. Ugh. So I flagged down one of the staff and told them and they promptly corrected the problem, or so I thought. The potatoes arrived ice cold!  So this time the server corrected the problem, or so I thought. She opted to bring me a soup cup of flaming hot potatoes because the cook decided to deep fry them!  I didn't feel like arguing anymore so I finished the enchiladas and called it a day. I don't like shortcuts and feel like they think they fooled me. You won't get the chance to fool me twice!
The food at Z'Tejas is just ok.  Except for the cornbread.  And the cobbler dessert. But this place gets a 5 star rating for the staff, the dining experience and the great service.  In a neighborhood filled with great places to eat, this Z'Tejas location should be in everyone's regular rotation!
I love Ztejas, I frequent the South Coast location a lot and decided to stop by while visiting family in AZ. I drove from the west side of town and was happy I didn't have to make the journey to Mill Ave or deal with Scottsdale Fashion square. The location is very open and quant. The middle of the dinning area has a glass ceiling and looked like it would be very nice for an event of some sort. The location also has sliding windows which is a nice concept until the family behind us asked to open them. I'm sure today was an average of 90 degrees so I had to suffer waves of hot air blowing at me. Luckily, we were getting ready to leave everyone their seemed very friendly and lie waitress was so enjoyable and very friendly. Our food came out fast and the difference I noticed from this location to the South Coast was the fact that they serve big portions. I always get the Mushroom enchiladas, they come with beans rice and mango salsa which goes perfect with the enchilada sauce. I couldn't even finish half and I was full. They offer happy hour, hours vary and it's totally worth it!!  They need to make more locations in North OC!!!
I am giving the 4 stars for space: fabulous bar area with lots of windows. 
I would give 3 stars or less for food. But it is to be expected at ztejas I suppose. Maybe the rating could be higher if they did something about their rice.
Fantastic. The chip trio is always great, the white queso has a great kick to it. We split the diablo pasta, the vegetatian chopped salad, and blackened catfish tacos. The fish tacos were gone before I could look up! The tri-color pasta had a perfect balance of cream and spice, while the shrimp completed the perfect bite! Jacob was our server, adorable, engaging, and efficient! Our table was cleared from appetizer before food came- clean eating! Oh, and the salad was a great  and refreshing neutralizer from the spice off of both of the plates! Yummy!
I love Z'Tejas, but just not this Z'Tejas. I've been to the one in Scottsdale several times, and I've had great experiences and great food every time. Here...unfortunately not. 

Came here with the boyfriend for happy hour, and ordered the Tejas Trio, Blackened Catfish Tacos, and Grilled Shrimp and Guacamole Tostada bites. 

1. Tejas  Trio: The cheese, guacamole, and salsa were so good! Especially love the queso dip :) Would definitely order this again.

2. Blackened Catfish Tacos: Ehh...wouldn't order it again. If it was free, I might eat it.

3. Grilled Shrimp and Guacamole Tostada bites: Had this at another Z'Tejas location before, and it is good! Unfortunately...the order came out wrong, and we got something different. So the guy who brought the plate out apologized and took it back to get us the right order...honestly, at least 20 minutes went by....our waiter comes back and asks if we got our tostada bites......uh NO. So he goes and brings it right out. Yay right? NO. It was cold. My guess is that it's been ready and just sitting in the kitchen, and it got cold by the time it got to our table.

And speaking of our waiter...all he did was take our order and filled our water every so often. He didn't ask us how our food was, didn't apologize for getting the order wrong, didn't ask if we wanted dessert, didn't ask us anything and then just gave us the check without saying thank you or have a great day. What?!!? Come on....first, we're nice people. Second...even the guy that brought us the food is nicer than our waiter. He filled our water, gave us more chips, apologized, and changed our order. 

Writing this brings up a bad memory. Never again! So instead of giving this place 3 stars...I have to go down to 2. :/

Anyways, besides that, the cornbread is delicious!!! I would recommend going to another location though.
Awesome free cornbread & hickory burger with jalapeo aioli is one of the best burgers I have eaten.
I'm torn on this review. We started out happy hour here which was awesome-one of the best in The Valley in my opinion. Their happy hour is FANTASTIC. Shrimp tostadas, queso fundido, catfish beignets, all $6-$8 and all amazing.  I'm not much of a margarita or tequila guy (BAD experience in high school with a big jug or market-brand tequila-took me years before I could drink tequila again) but their frozen margaritas KICK ASS. In fact, they kicked MY ass. I had either 2 and a half or three and a half-I can't remember but I was DONE after that. SHIT!!!!!

So good food, good drinks, what could go wrong? Well we had an amazing server called Nicole who was FANTASTIC. She took great care of us and really was an all-around exceptional server. When she told us she was finishing her shift, we closed out with her to make it easier for whoever stepped in for her. And THAT is where the problem was. We were not looked after once Nicole finished. We had to ask three different employees several times for more drinks. No one seemed to know (or care) who was our server, so that was a very disappointing end to an otherwise great experience. So four stars for the first part of the visit, two stars for the latter part. Nicole makes up the additional star.

Lacking service notwithstanding, how could you not come in for such great HH specials?
Not bad for a Taco Bell.   Like any Taco Bell around except the service.   The service is way above average.
Two parts to this review.  

First, the store overall.  Very nice - the folks are quite pleasant and helpful.  Inside, it's well-kept and clean.  It's very convenient for me and an easy stop.  Very reliable for the standard Taco Bell fare when I have that hankerin'.

Next - their new "breakfast".  I had a waffle taco.  I *love* breakfast, so I was excited to try this.  Blech.  While it wasn't horrible, it is no threat to McDonalds.  The eggs were few and crumbly.  The sausage was okay.  The waffle was too maple-flavored and overpowered the rest of the ingredients (no need for the syrup).  Overall, a disappointment.  It would be alright in a pinch, but I'd cross a busy street if there were a McDonalds (or Burger King... or Hardees...etc.) as an alternative.
This location is quick and always friendly. I've never had a bad experience with the staff or the food. Great location and easy to get in and out of. 

When you're craving something fast on the way home, this is the way to go!
I rarely go into Taco Bell, but had to try the new Stuft Nacho thing they invented. The commercials always get me to try the new stuff that fast food chains are rolling out. It has a strange triangular shape and clearly tastes likes nachos all wrapped up in that tortilla, but near the end it gets messy and your thinking, "why did I order this" instead of just getting real nachos.It's only 2 bucks and the chips are inside, but they are tortilla strips and everything else in there has been seen before. It's creative, but falls short of being something that you need to eat more than once.
Got food poisoning from here. Confirmed.  All fluids exploding out of both ends requiring me to keep drinking water and fueling the mayhem. Never again.
So excited for another Mexican food place to open in my hood. Coke products, check. Awesome salsa/hot sauce, check. Tasty bean & cheese burritos & quesadillas, check. Hubby is loving the variety of their menu, which includes lengua tacos & meatball soup (as you can probably tell, he's a little more adventurous with his food than I am), and he loved both. The prices are a little high IMHO, but otherwise 2 thumbs up.
Been waiting for them to open since they were giving out promotional samples one afternoon in November.
We tried the loaded nachos, chicken burritos, and quesadilla. All tasty and just the right amount of burn.
They have a Coke Freestyle machine for variety.

We will return often!
Great food. We moved here from Chicago and have tried variations of Mexican food from the hole in the wall to high-end cuisine. This shop is exactly what I've been craving since leaving my Chicago taco joints.  Their tortas are amazing. Tacos are flavorful and they don't skimp on the amount of meat. 
There was a mix up with my order but they were very accommodating and with food as good as theirs, I quickly brushed it away!  Great food-Excellent service
Tried this New Mexican joint and was impressed. Taco selection was nice, got three different kinds with rice and beans. Salsa bar was good as well. Old lady had enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed. Very cool coke machine we've never encountered before. Overall nice place we'll check out again!
Cheese sauce.  Not cheese, cheese sauce.  Burnt carne asada and pink Carne asada in the same burrito. They couldn't even make my daughter's quesadilla properly.  This place is to be avoided.
I was so excited to try this new, nearby Mexican restaurant, only to be thoroughly disappointed. The staff was not welcoming. The prices are not competitive. The portions were ridiculously small. A burrito double the size is available at Gordo's a stone's throw away and for a lesser price! The salsa did not knock my socks off. My Enchiladas had barely any filling and the sauce on top was slight and dry. I will not be returning.
Sadly, I must update my review. I have been here three more times after my initial review and all three times waited exponentially longer than the time I was told. On this last occasion the lady on the phone told me 20 mins so I left my house after twenty minutes, arriving five minutes after that. I went in, gave her my name and they said it would be right out. I sat down. I watched three people come in, place their order, and walk out with their food. I went to yhe counter and asked about my food. She left to go in the back and said it wasn't ready yet. I gave her a look of bewilderment as it had been about 40-45 mins since I placed my order. I sat back down. TEN MINUTES later, she brings me my food and tells me she's sorry it took so long. That my order had actually been ready for a while and was sitting in a place she didn't know to look. Needless to say food was WET from condensation, cold, and less than UNsatisfactory. So sad. I wanted to like this place!
What did I order? Five tacos and a torta.
Finally went here. Got hard shell taco plate. Steak had nice char, carnitas was tender. Love the guac salsa. Best part was the churo. My wife gets them every where we go, and this is by far the best churo we have had.
This place is pretty solid.  Not sure about some of the complaints with waiting.  I called and ordered take out, showed up right when they said to and it was ready.   Seemed like the kid at the counter was new but the place is new so it's kind of expected.   Also, the price complaints?  I mean it's not the bell.  We paid $15 for a burrito 3 tacos and nachos.  I feel like that's pretty normal.   The burrito was awesome.  The tortillas here are great.  I didn't like the hard shell taco, but my wife got soft ones and hers were good so go with those.  The hard shell ones taste and look store bought.  We will definitely be back.  I'd say I worry a little about the place because they don't advertise clearly and it's a huge space for a taco joint.
Sadly, I was going to give 3 stars, the food tastes wonderful, but, shortly after leaving there, both my son and I got violently sick. I will spare details, but it was not the flu. No return trip for this family!
We had eaten the ground beef, my wife did not.
I love this place! The pazole was awesome and had a lot of meat in it, the nachos were good, and the best thing about this place...$16 for a dozen tamales! The tamales are huge and cheaper than most places that sell them frozen. I love this place and will continue to sing their praises
Got the taco salad with chicken..perfect, taste great couldn't have made it better..good service and food came put in a timely manner since it was the lunch rush..will go back if in area
I don't often write reviews...but the service and food here warrants one.  I was really hoping to like this place, but sadly I was VERY disappointed.  The staff was rude and seemed disinterested.  The food was, in a word, horrible.

I had the cheese enchilada plate, a steak taco, and a chicken taco.  I don't know what they put on the enchilada, but it definitely wasn't enchilada sauce.  The "steak" was just charred pieces of (I guess) beef.  The chicken was bland.

I may give it another shot in the future, but first impression was terrible.  I guess I will give Gordo's a chance tonight...hoping for something better.
Love this place! The asada street tacos are amazing! Love the homemade chips, as well. The staff is young, but very nice. I've really liked everything I've tried, but will keep coming back for the tacos.
Awesome place the owner is a very nice lady she always takes good care of my daughter and I when we eat here weekly.
We love the crane Asada burrito and the cheese crisp
Carne asada is outstanding! Great flavor and quality. But you'll be cheating yourself if you don't get at least one Green Chile Cheese Tamale! So good!
As to the reviews about service, I have been here 3 times and every time they have been very friendly. Food comes out hot and FRESH! Plus, while you wait you get free chips and salsa bar. What more could you ask for.
Quick, cheap, & yummy! I saw a few reviews of people complaining about service, just want to state that this is not a sit down service type place. You order at a counter, get your drink from a soft drink station, get your own salsa, and they bring food out to you, not a whole lot of service to be had. Nothing fancy but when I need a quick, cheap meal this does the trick!
Good, clean casual dining.  My husband had the fish tacos, and I had the carne asade tacos.  Both were delicious and exceeded our expectations.  We will return when we are looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat.
I love the tacos, but the salsa is awesome!
Disappointing is all I can say.  My husband and I just happened to be driving by and decided to stop in for lunch.  Decor is very bright and pleasant.  A nice salsa bar with several choices, however, the pico de gallo and mild salsa were extremely bland, no salt, tang or heat at all.  The chips were free, but almost chewy instead of crisp.

My husband ordered the ceviche tostada (good) and the pozole (passable), mine was a little worse.  I ordered the three item combo so I could sample a few things to get a better idea of the food.  The green chile and cheese tamale was flavorless, lots of thick masa with canned green chiles in the middle and no cheese I could find.  The beef taco on a hard shell was unseasoned pot roast on a soggy taco shell, and the cheese enchilada arrived cold with a very thick red sauce.  The refried beans were unpleasantly pasty instead of smooth and creamy and, again, unseasoned and the rice had no flavor or seasoning at all (there seems to be a pattern here with the cooks not seasoning or tasting the food going out)

Price for this was $20 without any drinks (water only) so not terrible price wise, but considering the poor flavor and quality it was not worth it.  Needless to say, we will not be back.