I'd only been to one strip club previously, and was appalled that the girls there had on house arrest anklets.  Treasures, however, is in a class of its own, with fine hardwood paneled walls and gorgeous women.  This place is the best strip club in Vegas, which puts it in the running for best strip club in the world, leaving you feeling satisfied instead of dirty.  So have fun, bring lots of money, and beware of Tristan:  that little firecracker stole my heart.
Of the top places for nice bought racks, great bodies, and a decent routine: Las Vegas

Of the top places for high entry prices, fancy luxury clubs, and walking out the door because you're too poor to buy more than one drink: Treasures, Las Vegas
I don't frequent strip clubs because its only a tease but we were here for my friend's bachelor party...

The place was rather small but there was quite a few strippers on hand for a Sunday night.  

Our hostess was very attentive to us, but that was expected...

Other than that, it's just another strip club.
New meaning to the term Strip Steak!!!
 Despite being a "gentleman's club", this place actually has a really nice restaurant inside! They claim it's prime, I really think it's just a good choice steak.
 Their drinks are poured strong and stiff. 
 The Caesar salad was good.
 The lamb chops I got were good, though lacked salt and pepper.
 The mashed potatoes, and other sides were fair to good. 

 It's just soo convenient that it's attached to a strip club! How convenient!
My continuing search for the great steakhouses in Las Vegas has led me to this Gentlemen's Club. I wouldn't come here normally but a well-informed local told me it serves some great steaks. And he's right. The meat is very, very good; almost as good as Prime, believe it or not. Thick and juicy...well-prepared, and simply seasoned. The lobster tails were not as good, but still tasty. The service is prompt and quite colorful.  The decor is kind of upscale "vegas brothel" but not unbearable. Prices are a little lower than the Strip steakhouses: in the low 40s.

However, there are two areas that ARE irritating.
First, the wine list: it is very modest and obscenely over-priced; 5 times retail in some cases!  A bottle of Siena which can be purchased for around $20 at Lee's Liquor is on the winelist at over $100!!!  It should be about $50 tops.
Second, because the restaurant is connected to the strip club, dancers wander in thinking that diners want their company, which is extremely annoying. Just do what I did and tell them they are not the kind of meat you came there for.
It may be smaller than some of the other LV strip clubs, but I just love it!  I don't think pretty, well-dressed ladies (me!) accompanied by a well-dressed good looking husband should be charged cover, but they do charge!  That's not the only problem I have with this club.  The cocktails are not very strong, and the cocktail waitresses are a little bit aggressive when it comes to bringing more of them.  Having said that, the girls are beautiful, friendly, and not adverse to couples when it's the lady who wants the lap dance.  Additionally, they actually dance when they're on stage!  Not a bored looking dancer there!  Love the effects, the neon, the fog machine, it's all very old-school and great!  We've not been there on a weekend night, but during the week it's not too crowded (yeah, Spearmint Rhino, I'm talkin' about you) so it makes for a pleasant, relaxing, comfortable experience.  
In conclusion, I highly suggest anyone looking for a good time with beautiful girls, hit Treasures!
Went here a couple years ago and didn't leave until the sun was coming up. I think after all those wild turkey cokes time or money did not matter. I had several dances including two privates...that was two consecutive privates. It ended up being a night both the stripper and myself regretted but hey, it's Vegas and whatever happens in Vegas...???
You like steak?  You like titties?  Come to Treasures for both!

Food:  Fantastic!  Treasures was classy and their steaks were on par with some of the high end steakhouses that I had in the past.  Steak prices ranged between 40-70 dollars and sides are separate.  They also had a huge lobster tail and filet mignon special for $65.  Even if you're not down for titties, I would recommend coming here for dinner.

Girls:  Better than average.  My friends argue that Spearmint has the best girls but I say that's only because they have more to pick from.  On an average basis, I think Treasures wins.  The venue is much more luxurious compared to Spearmint and it's less crowded.  If you want to get titty slapped with class, Treasures is the way to go!

Another word of advice, call their limo service to save on cover charge.  702-259-GIRL.  We didn't know about the free cover if they pick you up, so my friends and I ended up paying $30 each...which could have gone to another 10 lap dances.
It's official, I'm in love with a couple of the dancers here.  Why is my husband just fine with that??
It's true that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  Especially what happens at a Vegas bachelor party, but this story is too good not to share.

Last day of my week-long Vegas stag party.  Most of the gang already broke out early in the morning, but half a dozen of us diehards have evening flights home and we're gonna get in one more round of blackjack, Crown Royal and T&A.

Early morning the Rio treated us somewhat nicely at the BJ tables so we had a decent grip of cash to rain with.  About 10am we head out for breakfast, but the limo driver from last night just happens to be pulling up to the curb and recognizes us.  We couldn't say no.

So we had him take us directly to the nearest titty bar.  The only thing open at that time was Treasures so we head over.  1st points in their favor is they comp us the entire cover when they find out it's my bachelor party.  Only thing is, the place is like a freaking funeral home.  No lights.  No music.  No girls.

Us: Is this place really open??
Hostess: Oh yeah, just come on in!

So my boy Hap walks past the entryway into the main room as we follow.  Still, dead silence.  "What, does this fucking place run on headphones or something?" he asks.

Hap almost breaks his neck tripping over a big object in the darkness.  Turns out it's a passed out dude.  "Oh never mind him," says the hostess, "That's Dan.  He's been here since last night.

The fuck?  Whatever.

All of a sudden, the lights turn on, the music starts thumping, we're whisked into plush seats right up against the stage, and a bikini clad blond materializes in my lap like she just came out one of them Star Trek Transporter shits.

Freaking awesome.  I imagine somewhere in the back there's a panel with a switch that says "Off" on one side and "Music, Lights, Tits" on the other.  Shit was amazing.

We quickly dispatched a bottle of Crown as the girls came crawling out the woodwork and onto the stage.  Good times, although the one single mom attached to my lap was really starting to put me in a deep sleep with her neverending dreams of going back to school.  Luckily, it was eventually her turn to go up onstage.

At one point they put on "With Arms Wide Open" by Creed and I jumped on stage and belted out a few lines (with my arms wide open, of course) before the manager came and escorted me down.

As we were about to leave, there was more humor to be had.  A stripper marches into the joint and confronts the manager.  They exchange harsh words and she goes storming off.  A few minutes later Mr. Manager has some security dude go after her.  We go outside to see what's up and girl is a couple hundred yards out, buck nekked except for a bikini top, 5 inch heels and a strip of floss between her legs -- running across the desert in the middle of the day.

Security dude jumps in his pickup and starts coming after her.

She speeds up.

Trips on something.

Eats it, face first.

Fuck, heels must be murder to run in.

p.s.: To Ryan H. - I feel you on the grip of money you burn through at titty bars, but as far as pervs, most people really don't go to these upscale joints 'cause of that.  The pervs get their diddle on at the seedy little local joints.  I'm not a huge titty bar fan, but the fun is in throwing a few dollars around and acting like you got it like that.  Don't nobody really live like that.  Paying double for drinks and cover isn't exactly my idea of a great evening out, but where else can you throw down a few twenties and motorboat a hot gal while she tries to grind your nuts into jelly?
First night of the 4 day trip we end up here after discussing Steak and Tits, not a bad combo right? Please read.

$25 Cab ride
Damn this place is far. We get out of the cab and this place looks cool. Okay fine, we go in cause there's nothing else around and the cab took off already.

$30 Cover charge
Umm okay...so I guess it's Tit's THEN steak? I guess. After paying cover we're escorted into the empty Restaurant portion of the joint...um what? The "waitress" tells us not to worry, she'll have a few girls come over and give us some attention. We tell her not to worry cause we're hungry for Steak more than Tits at this point. So she laughs and gets our drink orders....5 minutes go by..10...I'm gonnd look at boobies..15 minutes..WTF did she go to Ireland for my Guinness? Oh there she is! 

She takes our food order...all menu items are ala carte...we all ordered steaks and there was no choice as to the size of the portion we ordered but they were all HUGE the filet mignon being the smallest 18oz!!!! But that shit cost $62!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!!!!!?!!!!! I got a 24oz $48 Rib Eye and the "Waitress" says the portions of sides are pretty big and 1 order should be fine for us all. So we just got:$15 Mashed Potatoes and
$15 Sauteed mushrooms....hopefully it's a huge portion of sides. Plus 2x $12 Guinness. 

So with our orders placed after about 5 minutes the "waitress" brings out some cold bread and butter...our 2nd round of drinks arrives about 10 minutes after we'd ordered them...keep in mind the Food part of this place is empty...We dig into the bread cause we're hungry as hell....

10 minutes later the beer shows up. 
We check out boobs...
5 more minutes...Oooh look that one has got cellulite!....
+10 minutes....*watches old man dry sexin a stripper doggy style*....friend says,"I smell fish or...is that blood?" Back to the table we go.
+20 sitting at table talkin....coulda did this at the room...minus the fishy/blood aroma where we walked by.

"Didn't the "Waitress" say she was going to send some entertainment over to our table?"
"Yeah." 
"Uhh k?"

+5 Food comes "HOLY SHIT!!!" Huge meat is placed in front of each of us who had ordered. It was good too....wait..."who ordered the baby shoe sized portion of potatoes and shrooms???" Fuck it...we eat.

Minutes later, we're all so stuffed we can't walk. The majority of us at the table are straight up carnivores that destroy buffets But damn. This amount of food, so late at night which is placed atop several pints of beer, shots of liquor and who knows what else, isn't good at a strip joint.

We finished eating, pay $685 for 6...yes...$685 for 6...so dumb. Then we go and sit in a corner to chill. After a while a girl comes over and sits on my in process 24oz steak....

"I'm sorry, but no...please. Get off."
"What are you broke?"
"No I'm FULL." 

This happened to a couple more of us and we leave. When Steak ruins tits it's never a good thing. Treasures needs to balance their portions...I'll let you decide on what to make smaller your women or your steak, I like my girls with meat...so yeah please take the hint.
I guess getting old isn't all bad.

The last of my college buddies was getting married, and being the smartest one of the lot, he chose to skip the pomp and circumstance of a conventional wedding and got married in Vegas.  As the best man, I offered to take everyone out to Treasure's for one last party.

Now we're not youngsters anymore.  Gone are the days when our money would run out before our desire to drink.  A late night now is anything after 11 pm.  Now we make plans, rather than fly only by the seat of our pants.

The plan - Steak and naked chicks.  Some things don't change with age, but now I can afford them.  

Planning also involves research, and said research turned up 2 for 1 dinner coupons at the steakhouse.  2 for 1 here meant anything on the menu would be 1/2 price - much better than getting the cheaper dinner for free.  Using a coupon in a strip club sounds cheezey but hey saving $20 is a table dance, 2 drinks or 20 singles for g-string stuffing.  Since there were 4 of us, those coupons worked out to be $80 worth of dances, drinks, and stuffing singles.
 
Research also indicated that Las Vegas has a unique taxi to strip club policy that requires big kickbacks to the cab drivers that bring in customers.  The clubs recoup that cost with their cover charge.  Since I drove, we all got in for free.

We also arrived around 7 pm.  It's not prime strip club time, but it is dinner time.  It could also explain the free admission.  Either way, we got into the club without paying the $120.  That's even more table dances, drinks and throwing around money.  Being old just netted us $200 worth of entertainment.

Despite my research, I expected a typical gentleman's club that had mediocre steaks that would be served at your table, or tucked away in a far corner of the club.  I couldn't of been more wrong.

The Steakhouse is a full blown steakhouse.  From the steakhouse you wouldn't even know there was a Strip club attached.  The music didn't bleed through.  The waitress was sexy but not anything you couldn't see in a casino.  The Steak was huge, the Lobster Tails were bigger than my hand, and 2 sides served all 4 of us, with leftovers.  Even when I was 22, a 28 ounce porterhouse was more than I needed to eat.  If Treasures was just a steakhouse, it would warrant 4 or maybe even 5 stars on it's own, even from a crotchety old fart like myself.

OK, I'm not really an old fart, but I finished college 20 years ago.  And I am crotchety.

The strip club side was nice.  The women weren't top tier, but it was still very early by night club standards, and a Monday night.  The majority of the dancers were about 30-32 years old, and naturally stacked.  Somehow, this is more appealing to me than an 18 year old that already has implants. If you're 22, you might prefer the younger girls, but when you are planning to celebrate your 39th birthday *again* the 32 makes you feel a little less perverted.

The dancers were unusually friendly.  I suspect this was also a function of the time/day issue.  With fewer patrons, the women could just hang without feeling they were missing out on better paying patrons elsewhere.  We also appeared to be closer to the dancer's age, so a decent conversation (no generation gap) could take place.

Strip club experiences can be all over the map, from 1-5 stars depending on the hormones and the expectations of the reviewer.  Both of mine are much lower now, but excellent value steak and lobster never change.  I wouldn't mind going back, but at my age I have to worry about looking like the creepy old guy you always see in strip clubs.
Billed as "the most luxurious gentlemen's club" in Vegas, Treasures definitely tries to live up to its name. I showed up on a Thursday night for a bachelor party and were greeted with a $30 cover, which is pretty much standard for Vegas. We were able to sit immediately and drinks were procured at the bar. 3 Jamesons on the rocks = $39. 2 shots of Patron = $40. I guess "luxurious" means "ridiculously expensive." 

While the girls were nice (not pushy, not mean) and the staff was too, I couldn't get past how insanely overpriced the booze was. Even the Heinekins were, like, $12 or $14 (I can't remember because at that point I simply stopped looking, because the only way to enjoy myself was to pretend like I wasn't getting raped by the bartender every time I was thirsty). 

Overall, it's an alright club. Not a single girl on stage did anything other than strut around (disappointing when you're from Portland and the girls here do insane pole acrobatics) so there's ZERO reason to sit at the rack. Drink before you go, or maybe go for the bottle service? I generally avoid bottle service, but the drinks are so expensive that it might be worth it. You're better off showing up toasted or smuggling in a flask. 

This is definitely not my first choice for adult entertainment in Vegas unless someone else is footing the bill. The level of "luxury" they offered me (standard strip club chair, standard strip club table, same drinks as anywhere else) is not worth the luxury price I paid. Maybe if a high-roller is rolling with me footing the bill, I'd be into it. 

It blows the Rhino out of the water, tho.
Ok..... went here last weekend. Actually I was pleasantly surprised. My husband tells me that he has taken CLIENTS here to the steakhouse and they had a great time here at "dinner theatre" LOL. It's our private joke. Usually the fare at these joints is absolute crap no matter what you spend, but the food here was actually good. We must have had the hook up because hubby called this number and a limo pulled up to our hotel pronto! We had an excellent steak dinner with two side dishes and a nice Italian bottle of wine. Our server was this lovely lady from NY. Although dinner was pricey, it was in decent restaurant and you did not feel that you were in a strip club. I was expecting crappy food like hot dogs and chicken fingers, so prime cut steaks cooked perfectly, was a treat. I also got a few chuckles watching some other parties of guys eating with scantily clad ladies. So if you hate eating alone on business, this is the place for you. So after wine, dinner and dessert... we proceeded to the club area.... 

We were escorted to the seating area. There are two stages. The ladies looked fairly good looking. Actually better looking than in the bay area and less pushy. I saw a lot more male/female couples in the audience with a few male posses in the audience. The ladies were doing their lap dances for $20 right on the spot. Pretty decent grinding topless lap dances and you can fondle them. It was nice having drinks served from the bar. Bar service is pricey, but hell this is Vegas. I imagine all you guys are bitching about the prices and all. You can go to SF for soda, $40 cover charge, pushy chicks and lame touching if you are that broke ass!!!!    But while you are here you can also go into the private rooms/private areas for a little more money. We ended up dropping around $600 for dinner, drinks and about a 45 minutes of "play" with a very friendly girlie. So I guess the spouse is happy. Hell, its Christmas in Vegas and all :)We tipped pretty well and saved on the cover charges by eating dinner there and we had a great time. Think of this as very expensive entertainment - Kind of like a VERY adult Vegas show!
I'm usually more impressed by atmosphere than food quality -- but here is a place where both are above reproach!  I've been here twice, and both times I had an awesome meal accompanied by excellent sevice and even excellent-er people watching.  Talk about dinner and a show! 

Treasures is a super-classy faux-baroque McMansion nestled in a cozy industrial area on a frontage road off the freeway. Once you make it past the dago thugs at the door, take a left into the plush, clubby, restaurant, seemingly decorated to evoke Colonel Mustard's drawing room -- white tablecloths and plush wingback armchairs, and a super-cool ultra-Vegas lady server with a raspy New York accent and a brusque yet affectionate tableside manner.  The chef apparently paid his dues in some gourmet rooms on the Strip, and his pedigree is reflected in the food, every bit of which was awesome.  I had typical steakhouse fare -- Caprese salad, Caesar salad, filet, potatoes, creamed spinach, cheesecake, etc. and everything was GREAT!  
But for me, what really made the place special was the fact that you can watch strippers feeding and being fed choice tidbits of meat to/by fat old conventioneers and perverts.  I think the wonderful lady server checked with us to see if we were interested in having female company, and since we demurred, we ate our entire meal unmolested by the girls.  But we did go into the main room after dessert and give them some business, so all was not lost for the club.
Anyhoo, if you're looking for the QUINTESSENTIAL Vegas experience, swallow your square-ass Puritan qualms and go here!  All that other shit is just Disneyland -- thid is what the Vegas of today is all about!
Hands down the best gentlemans club in Vegas. Beautiful girls who are not too pushy. The club is a bit smaller but you get the sense that there's more attention thrown your way because of it. It's the only club I will go to when in Vegas.
Right now this club will get two stars. Mainly because of the 10.50 beers. Some of the girls were decent, but there is too much of a hustle going on. Could get a higher rating if they have a decent steak at a reasonable price.
Best HAPPY HOUR ever!!!

4pm-8pm everyday!
FREE buffet!
$1 and 2 for 1 beer, well, and call drinks!
FREE cover when you drive your own car!
HOT dancers!

It's only 2 blocks off of the Strip!

NOTHING TO LOSE! CHECK IT OUT!

I seriously give it two thumbs up:)
Best meat I've ever had.  

- Talking about the steakhouse.
free shuttle/ limo from the strip, $25 cover that came with two drink tickets....not that bad of a deal. lots of poles but i was pretty disappointed with the main stage. if i go to a club i want that pole to be taller and i want the lil mami on stage to be doing some tricks. it seemed like any other strip club ive been to so i wasnt that impressed. they did lap dances right there on the floor. i am not sure if they had private rooms but i can go to any club and see a chick giving some random guy a lap dance so again not impressed. but hey it was pretty much free so i guess it was fine.
VERY VERY PACKED!! But what strip club isn't in Vegas. We got a table upstairs and paid about $40 to get it. It was worth it. The drink were the same like anywhere and everywhere in vegas...about $10 a drink. The girls were 80% great and the frequency of their visits were great. Our bachelor had a great time..lets leave it at that. We did use the limo service to pick us up but the wait to be brought back was super long. Some Lil punks try to swoop in on our limo but NO i wasn't having that . Told them to get the F out or we would have to handle this out side. The driver remembered us so we told them to get the F out. Nice!!! Fun times. Great SC.
I'm no strip club connoisseur, but I've gotta say that Treasures was one of the more disappointing "gentleman's clubs" that I've ever been to.  And I've gone to strip clubs in Syracuse, NY!

We showed up in a large group, so we got limoed in for free.  The set up of the place is just the kind of cheesy that you'd want from a Vegas skin joint.  But the dancers on the stage seemed bored and uninterested, the ones on the floor seemed just plain old desperate to sucker a dude into a private lap dance, and looking around at my compatriots, everyone just seemed kind of bored.  

So a good chunk of us bailed after a while.  Apparently things did get more... interesting... after that though.
Good club. Cushy, comfortable seating. The seating has a dark, tucked away feel for the customers. Great main stage and talented strippers. Cute, classy girls. Next to Olympic Gardens, Treasures is my other gentleman's club of choice unless I really want to get down and dirty in which case it's Palamino Club.
Went to Vegas for our sorry friend who's getting marrie....oh, sorry, the great news of another wonderful marriage. Anyways, got tickets off those annoying hand slapper guys off the strip "free limo, free entry" and had to pay $12 for 2 drinks. Long story short, we got in with that- no catches. 

2nd night of bachelor party- got same free limo ride, got same free entry and this time no 2 drink buy-in. I was happy both times that there were no catches involved- just solid fun.

The limo will drive you back for free as well- very nice feature. 

Got excellent service from Shico Antoun the VIP host- this guy really goes out of his way to make sure you have a great time.

Beautiful girls all around.
Really enjoyed this club. There were a plethora of girls walking around so it wasn't hard to get a dance if you saw something you liked and some of them were from other countries which was a bonus. Not the best of the best in Vegas but a solid place.
So far I have been here 3 times with the hubby. Its a beautiful club. Didnt eat while we were there..who eats @ a strip club? LOL
Every time we went we sat by the stage..the best seats in the house!
Hubbys goes and gets 100 in singles..cuz thats what we do..we like to tip the ladies & they like the attention. Most guys dont tip..they just sit and stare..lame!
Always a nice amount of dancers on hand.
The girls all do the same thing..walk around asking for dances or VIP.
I think we found pretty girls every time to dance for us. And they never were pushy about drinks or VIP.
Some day we will get to visit Treasures again..someday..
I haven't been here in quite some time, so this review might be a bit dated.

Even so, though, I highly doubt they caught up with Sapphires or the Rhino in the past couple months.

It was a nice change from the norm, but I doubt I'd come back. The girls just were not that cute, a couple of them that approached the table I was at were stumbling drunk, and it just wasn't the best time ever. I'll stick with my old standards... you can never really go wrong at Sapphires!
I have had their steak and it is, admittedly, Mediocre by steak enthusiast standards. Specifically I had the petite fillet Mignon, I decidedly average steak. That being said, the women are the best in Vegas. I have been to Sapphire's, The Rhino, and Scores but Treasure's consistently delivers the same great experience each time. Here is a word of caution: If you call Treasure's directly they will pick you up in a limo from the strip, waive your fee to get in, and buy you a drink! Tell the guys on the street trying to sell you the same thing to get bent!
I "accidently" found this club when asking a cabbie where to find a good steakhouse. He suggested Treasures which was a strip club also and instantly I thought, "Dinner in a strip club? Cheesy!" Boy was I wrong. As it turns out this is a 4 Star Steakhouse and it sits inside the club but you don't see the dancers unless to enter the strip club itself later on, which we did. 

The girls get the hottest after midnight and the crowd seemed to pick up then too. Our waitress at the steakhouse had mentioned that this club had a late crowd, so don't come expecting it to be busy at 11pm.
This was uhm... interesting. We had friends come down to visit us from Michigan and we were looking for someplace decent to eat and planned on going to a strip club afterwards... went to tix4tonight and came across Treasures-50% entrees, free admission to stripclub, and free limo! We figure sure why not! its everything in one, plus a free limo! The restaurant and strip club were in one building, but the restaurant part took over half of the building and the stripclub was in the other half.The food was alright, but it was weird trying to eat, and strippers kept walking by to get to the table behind us (im assuming a bachelor party maybe?) I dont exactly enjoy eating with naked ladies in my presence haha but hey, I guess some guys enjoy that. No regrets though, it was an interesting experience. checked out the stripclub for a little bit after food, but it wasnt that great at all. We left pretty quick.
I have been to this club twice.  The girls here are attractive, but very predatory.  Like most clubs of this type in Vegas, the girls make the most money giving private dances.  I wasn't interested in lap dances, I just wanted to have a couple drinks and do some people watching.  There isn't much time for that here.  There was a constant stream of girls asking for (err, offering) lap dances.  

If you are here for that I can attest that there is a wide range of types and ages from which you can chose.  

Also, take the limo service from your hotel in order to avoid the door charge.
Wow. Great place to visit. We called the club and they sent a free limo to pick us up. We did not have to pay a cover to get in the door. We had dinner at the 4 star steak house. There were many girls and they were gorgeous. Thanks for the awesome time Treasures.
I am a local. Treasure is the best strip club in town. It is the only club I visit because the girls are nice and gorgeous. Not too pushy like some of the other clubs. The girls sit and talk for a while, especially if it's not too busy. Lap dances are $20. VIP starts at $100 but it is defiantly worth it. The hosts do their job but they don't act like security guards standing over you. Most of the host are very friendly.
OMG! mouth watering steak AND lobster. I have never had better and dream about my next trip to vegas for some more. My boyfriend and I bought discount tickets for a lobster dinner at one of those places on strip, they don't tell you all the details until the ticket is purchased. So we got a limo ride to the club and suddenly we were like ugh a strip club might not have very good food afterall its not the main attraction; right? We had the best dinner of our lives there and I will never forget it. We were the only other couple eating so service was spectacular and we got in the club free after dinner to boot. I will never leave vegas without eating there and I tell everyone about it.
Great place for Monday Night football with good drink specials. The good talent seems to roll in late at night. The steakhouse here is absolutely fantastic and highly recommended, Nancy will take good care of you!
Went in a group of friends trying to find a non-mournful strip place that was full of life.  This was it!  Double-powered drinks for $12 and really hot ladies that didn't have bullet scars or terrible tattoos.  I had a real clingy lady sit down on me in the middle of talking with my friends, a real rude one.  But that was the outlier in the crowd of amazing women.  Good times.  

Was amused by the idea of the steakhouse.  Who eats classy at a strip joint?
Pretty nice looking building, inside and out, but not a cool place at all. Weird set-up, rude drunk girls, bad service. No way.... on a separate note, the majority of dancers here are usually Latinas, (which is fine), but wonder why there isn't a nice mix?
The strip clubs in south Florida are better. Had to wait 45 minutes for our waitress each time a drink was needed. The girls are lazy dancers. The bouncers treated us like we were children. Very disappointed!
I had just been to my very first strip club across town. Because we were drunk, and hopped up on stripper fumes, we thought it might be a good idea to visit a full nude strip club. We hopped into a cab and headed over. We arrived at 5:30am, only to be told that they close at 6:00am and they weren't taking any more customers. I was bummed out but we carried on over to a competitor.
I visited here just recently.  As someone else noted, the decor is definitely Vegas brothel.  To me this is really more of a strip club than a true "gentlemens club".   Put it mildly, there weren't alot of real gentlemen in here (unlike a very fancy and expensive gentlemen's club I visited once in Dallas).

Anyway, the cheesy decor is  kinda funny.    Got their a little early (I think between 7-8pm?)  in order to miss the cover charge and take advantage of happy hour drinks...basically  2 for 1.
The club is topless only...typical first song drops the booty shorts down to a thong, second song off comes the top.  One main stage plus 1-2 side stages seemed to be working.  None of the ladies I saw could work a pole to save their lives...too bad.  I have a client that teaches pole dancing classes.  It takes alot of skill and I like to reward the ladies who can do it.

Yes, the girls are aggressive about hitting you up for a lapdance ($20) or a trip to the champagne room ($150+).   Aren't they all in Vegas (or pretty much any good club?...mgmt hires hustlers).  

I took my time to find a lady who was fun and took a trip upstairs.  Early in the evening seems to be (as a friend joked once) C-section hours...basically your single moms.  Later seemed to be the top girls.  I'm told Vegas primetime strip club hours are basically 10:00pm to 6am.  I didn't stick around into the wee hours so I can't offer much advice on that.  Anyway, I had a very good time.  
Definitely not as good as some clubs in the Atlanta, Dallas or S.FL areaas  (as someone else noted) but WAY better than Southern Calif. area clubs.     

Can't tell you anything about the steakhouse.  I have a rule about not eating in a strip club.
My husband and I came here on a Sunday night.  The crowd and selection of girls doesn't get going till around 11.  

The dancers on stage were mostly looking bored, but there was a couple who knew how to dance.

We never felt pressured for a dance.  Maybe bc we were there as a couple.  The girls are very personable and will sit and talk for a while.  

Prices are about average for a strip club.  We did VIP with Mary Jane, had a lot of fun.  But that story belongs on another forum....

If you are a couple looking to have fun without the pressure go here.  Just remember to not be uptight about it :)
Went there on a Friday night on a holiday weekend, friend arranged us a limo to get there, this place looked very nice from outside, with all those nice statues, I liked the decor. they have a steakhouse restaurant on site, we never tried though, but our friend said it was not bad.

It is a big club, 2 big stages downstairs, we were taken upstairs to our reserved tables. there was a small stage there. and a few VIP dance boxes. 

I didn't really like the showgirls there, most of them are older, not what I expected. and the drinks sucked bad, we paid $25 each for 2 drink tickets, but they were only good for well drinks, light beer, house wine, cheap vodka, yikes! we had to buy better drinks, those drinks were still so bad, I suspect they were watered down or something.

There were very few attractive girls dancing on the stage, they did bring lot of girls upstairs for entertainment, a couple of them tried to give hubby lap dance, but when they saw me, they were like '" you are so pretty!" and just ran away!  WTH... I came here for lap dances too?! That was very unpleasant indeed....

Wouldn't go back again . :(
I am not going to lie, I was a little buzzed when I went here, but I had a great time. I went here for a bachelor party. They were super helpful. I called in advance to get the free limo and the driver was awesome. The workers there are super cool, and the happy hour there is awesome. Buy one, get one.... that will get you...

Dancers are cool and talk to you.. I never felt like people were getting pressured to get a Dance. It was fun, and the bachelor was taken on stage for a little bit of cost, but it was worth it and not to expensive. I would definitely recommend to people are looking to have a good time, that is more of a jovial atmosphere, not so much a sleezy, weird vibe.
VERY expensive liquor, but very good.  Must be seen to believed.  Would be a 5 star if full nude.
I came here while I was in town last week. Since I grew up in St. Louis I went for the Monday Night Football party that they have. RAMS vs Seattle. It was pretty cool.

The place looks huge on the outside. On the inside from what I could see there were 2 floors. There was a HUGE projection screen TV on the "center stage" so no seat was bad. We got there about 15 min till kickoff and we got a table in the second row back from the center stage TV. There was no cover to get in which was cool, most places from what I saw charged about $20 per person, but we just walked right in. 

They did offer a free buffet which had hot dogs, lasagna, chicken fingers and regular tail gate food. The food was better than I though it would be, but this place is a steak house as well. They did have drink specials and we partook in the $25 bucket of beers. So it was 5 beers at $5 each which is SUPER for a gentleman's club in Vegas no less. They has trivia throughout the game and one of the people that went with me won a prize. The DJ guy was pretty funny. Even though the Rams lost we all had a good time. They did $1 dances at halftime and they even threw out t-shirts at the end of the game (I was able to grab one) The wait staff and all the girls were real nice and not pushy at all. 

I recommend to come here for the MNF games. Great time.
Was here for the AVN so a friend wanted to try out this club . Great dances if you pick the right girl ! Came here cause I was force against my will . The quality of girls are good . Tried out the VIP again was force against my will . Drinks are pricey & especially in the VIP which the drinks is totally rip-off ! You have to pay for 2 & you'll be lucky if the waitress gives you back your change so you pretty much get ripped-off twice ! Girls here can get money hungry so they always try to get you to do VIP which pretty much the same dances you get from the regular couch dance . Unless you're like Charlie Sheen ... you're better off getting dances from the couches ! P.S. Was my friends idea to come here in the first place .
I tried to go here for dinner with my friend. We got to the front door and they carded us , im over 21 and my friend is 20 . we  werent allowed to the steak house part of the club because of that . I herd good reviews about their food . So she and I left ......since you have to be 21 and over to apperently eat there...I try again some other time .
yes, it's a strip joint but it's also a Steakhouse and the girls keep their bottoms on, I personally wanted to experience it but they made us wait over 30 minutes for a table and we had a reservation so we didn't get the peep show or to try the steaks. too bad.
I've been debating this review, as those who know me also know I'm not a "gentleman's club" sort of person.  However, the level of service, attentiveness, and professionalism I encountered here definitely warranted at least some sort of acknowledgement.  

This was several months ago and I've forgotten nearly everyone's name.  But even so, I will still treasure the Treasures experience, and I think that's what matters...

So toward the end of last year, a group of us took a close friend's brother to Vegas for his 21st.  Yes, we did the normal 21+ staples. Hit up the pools, gambled a bit, even entered him into a silly game of beer pong.  So, after mulling around on what to do for his last day, and after hearing Treasures repeatedly recommended to us by other friends, at the last minute we decided on treating him to their steak.

As the designated "planner" of pretty much everything, I jumped in to call ahead and make reservations.  Unfortunately, the kitchen would not open until much later in the day, when we'd already be heading back to California.  For shame!!  I had pretty much given up at this point, but the manager on the phone had another idea.  He assured me he'd take care of everything and he'd see us later for an early dinner.

Ultimately, about half our party left to drive back down to the OC.  But our small party still held to our plans for steak at Treasures.  The birthday boy was a little wary of entering his first gentleman's club, given the seedy surroundings and less than stellar exterior.  But we were happily and professionally greeted at the door with no cover, an offer of a coat check, a small tour of the restaurant (closed at this time), buffet, "sports corner," etc.  The bouncer even asked if we were the "birthday group," cluing me in to the fact that the manager did indeed inform staff that we'd be coming.

After touring us around, we were led to our "dinner table," which was set up by the main stage.  It was an elegant white tablecloth set up complete with white china, silverware, and low lighting ambiance.  It was incredibly classy and far from what I had expected.  The manager then stopped by to let us know that he'd given the Chef notice of our intention to eat some red meat, and that the kitchen was almost finished being prepped for us.  The fact that the manager prepared for us in advance, and that the kitchen was being opened before hours just to accommodate us was far beyond any level of service I've encountered in Las Vegas.

Our waitress was fantastic as well.  She was knowledgeable about the food, attentive to our table, and even asked us if we'd like her to bring some of the women over to chat with the birthday boy.  Of course, we obliged her offer, and had some lovely ladies stop by to chat with him in between their short stage sets.  Every woman we spoke with was professional, casual, nonpushy, and very well put together.

Of course, the steak was perfectly cooked and the entire meal was a dream.  In summary, my experience at Treasures far surpassed anything I could have envisioned.  The treatment is five stars, the women are gorgeous, and the cost is a remarkable value.  Highly recommended to anyone who wants to experience Vegas class.
I'm sad to say that I no longer frequent strip clubs like my younger days. Long gone are the endless nights at Sapphire, leaving at sunrise with a few debit and credit cards less than when I came in with. Hey, the recession is tough on everyone, myself included.

Suffice to say I wanted to go somewhere new and Treasures has always been on my list. I've heard endless stories of the Chris Farley portion-sized steaks and steak and legs is the motto. Treasures can definitely be pricey if you allow it to be. However, for $3 per person you can purchase a dinner voucher from Tix4Tonight that will allow 50% off your entree.

I ordered a massive New York Steak (18 oz?) with a baked potato, and my friend also ordered a over sized piece of meat. We skipped on appetizers because we knew the portion sizes were going to be insane and we were also given bread and butter. Our waitress was friendly and courteous throughout the whole service. She told us stories of regulars who come in and wolf down 28oz Porterhouses on a regular basis...INSANE.

My New York Steak was nothing overly memorable but was definitely Steakhouse quality. The meat was tender, juicy, and cooked perfectly to a medium rare sear. I barely touched my baked as I put all my effort into finishing my steak. Unfortunately, the steak won and my jaw was beat. My friend also enjoyed her dinner, but we could not move as our food coma started to take over.

If you like strip clubs and steak, this is your place. The interior aesthetics are very brothel-like with lots of velvet. The chairs at the dinner tables are big and comfortable and don't help against the cause. The dinner area and strip club are in separate rooms but less than a 15 second walk, as they are in adjoining rooms. My friend and I had an early dinner (8pm), which meant the strippers weren't out in full force. I was a little bummed, but I was ready for a post-coma nap anyways.

Note: Unless you want to pay $10 for a diet coke at dinner, I suggest sticking to water.

Happy Hour: $1 Well Drinks & Domestics from 4-6p.m.; 2 for 1 Premium Drinks from 6-8p.m.; Free Buffet 4-8p.m.

Ambiance: 4 Stars (out of 5)
Food: 4 Stars (out of 5)
Service: 4 Stars (out of 5)
Price: $$
Overall: 4 Stars (out of 5)

Pros:
+ Steak, steak, steak
+ Steak and legs
+ Brothel interior
+ Tix4Tonight discount (50%)
+ Free limo pick up

Cons:
- Lack of strippers during dinner time (8pm)
- $10 diet cokes
While the girls were moderately attractive here, they were NOT couples friendly. They spoke with my husband and I while we were sitting at their rack and that was IT! Not a single one of them came over to our table. Which was their loss for sure cause we had some cash to blow. Also, our cocktail waitress was not the best, she took my drink order but didn't even ask my husband if he wanted anything. And she ordered the wrong shot for me. I asked for a blonde slut and she brought me a red headed slut. I drank it because I didn't want to look like a b*tch. I even specified to her it was LIKE a red headed slut but with pineapple juice, and I still ended up with the wrong one. :/ We left after about an hour.
They were a little hesitant to let a table of women in at first, but the service was impeccable after that. Our waitress (CC) was awesome. She was very personable and fun and even though she was busy as hell, she still took the took the time to make our dinner memorable. As women in a strip club, if you want girls to come to your table, be prepared to ask for them. They won't automatically come over to you.

The food was incredible. Typical steakhouse fare with great flavor. Meals are ala carts but sides are big enough to share.

Would I go back? In a heartbeat!
This review is solely on Treasures Super Bowl party!!     What an amazing deal!!!  Limo service, unlimited premium drinks and shots, wine, great food which was changed out at halftime. One dollar half time dances. Great viewing to watch game. It is the best  deal in Vegas bar none to watch the big game at. The service was second to none!!  Our party of 25 will NEVER go anywhere else. The bar staff , perfect, the wait staff , exceptional, management totally has their stuff together and organized. It was classy, fun , and an incredible value!   thank you Treasures and we are looking forward to 2013!
What can you say? A few months ago I was there for my batchlor party and it was just me and three other guys.

All the girls clamored to my friend who obvouisly was better looking than us apparently. 

"Oh my friend (points to me) is getting married in a few weeks"

Girl: "Oh that cool...so where are you from?"

Me: "I'm from Portland."

Girl: "I mean him (points to the friend who she sitting on his lap)"

Friend: "Portland"

Girl: "Your so hot, I want to fuck you."

Gee if I was gay I probably have sex with him too.

So that's how that night went, plus it was really dark. A girl complained that my friends smoking was irritating her. Earth to girl, your in a strip club...

Eventually I had a decent time there. Take advantage of the limo service they have to avoid covercharge. The driver was really cool and told us how he lost like $2000 in one night. I'm thinking Damn...I should have been a limo driver."

It sucked that the ride back the limo driver told all the patrons in the car that he was dropping us off at PH and not at the Tropicana because he had people to pick up at PH...
This probably should be a one-star review...
The extra stars are only because someone in management/ownership understood I'm not a "dumb drunk bitch" and have a brain. 

Went on Saturday night, with thanks to a promoter who was hoping to show 3 girls a good time (two of which were celebrating their 30th birthdays; one of which, was me). 

Promoter told me in advance there would be no cover but a $27 two well-drink minimum (which is paid prior to entering the club). 
Okay, fine. 

We're given receipts (which are also drink tickets). 

After sitting down and getting a feel for the vibe, a server comes over to take our drink order. 
At the same time, another server swooped behind my girlfriend and took her drink ticket(s). 
Original server said she could only serve us 2 drinks for the 3 of us (after we had explained another server just grabbed the tickets without taking an order). 
And, wait a minute, we had 4 additional tickets between 2 of us...?
What just happened here?
Pretty sure 3 chicks x 2 drink tickets = 6 drinks. 

This is where management came in, asking who took the drink tickets and they'd be happy to compensate the next round of drinks. 
That's nice and all, but I already PAID for the SECOND round of drinks. 

Me and my girlfriends decided it wasn't worth staying and asked the front if we could at least receive half of our money back. 
We didn't even take but one sip of our drinks before attempting to walk out and the entire (shady) debacle had me completely on edge. 

Another manager (may have been an owner?) came out to explain there would not be an opportunity for refunds, but he wanted to try to make it up to us. 
Being a business owner, myself, I would want the same opportunity before someone completely gave up on me. 
So we followed him back in and were accompanied by a private table, server and bottle service -- all which were excellent, unexpected and much appreciated. 

Long story short:

-The men who worked there were respectful and helpful. 
-The female servers try to pull wretched shit over other females. 
-The entertainment is so-so (some entertainers were really into it and others were not). 

To any female party interested in checking it out:
I'd most definitely proceed with caution, add dudes to your group or just pay for a reserved table.
My wife and I were in town for my Bday and we ended up here. We were getting back from a show and we walked pass the Cosmo and we ran into a guy advising us there was free limo rides and 2 free drinks. We thought about it for like 1 min and decided to go for it, since it was my Bday. We walked maybe 10 steps and we got into their limo. We meet a family in town for a wedding who were really cool and they ended up inviting us to the wedding the next day. 

The ride was nice, and the company was cool. I think it would be a little weird if there was not a party going on in a limo on the way to a strip club. So, we got in and my wife talked to a manager mentioning it was by Bday and he escorted us up to the top floor. This was a Friday night and it was packed. There were no seats available, but the person my wife spoke to was able to get us a nice seat that over looked the down stairs area too and it was right in front of the bar. I really don't remember how much the drinks were or how long we were there, but it was an amazing time. 

There was a steady stream of girls coming over and asking if we wanted a dance, then it turned into my wife interviewing the girls to see if they were any good at couples dance. I ave to say, it is good to have a wife that not only would come to a strip club with you, but filter through the "weeds" as well. I would say after about 5-7 girls we decided on one and we went to the back room. There was a 2 drink min., but since there was 2 of us...it was not too shabby. We did have to buy a drink for the entertainer, but it was well worth it. It ended up being 3 songs for a bill. I had a good time and even better my wife had a great time. She could not stop talking about it the rest of the trip and that was just our first night in town. 

We were getting ready to leave and we ran into the same people we were in the limo with on the way there. Funny how things work out. So we got the free ride back as well and everyone got dropped of at Cosmo. I mean that is where they picked us up at so it seemed fitting. Everyone in the limo tipped the driver so I think he ended up with well over $150.00. I am sure he had a good time listening to everyone's conversation on the way there and back. This was a great stop on our trip and I have a feeling when we are back in town next year, we may have to make another couples stop there. 

The place is huge and amazing. The people were super nice and we always asking if we were comfortable. We
DO NOT GO HERE! My fianc and I were looking for a sexy couples night and we kept hearing about treasures. So, we decided to go. It all started off pretty good with the ride to treasures, then they tell you for a couple it will be $56 dollars (okay well not unreasonable). Made sense because you got 4 drink tickets with it and a ride to and from the club. Once we got it, it was kind of a shock. We were thinking higher end girls, and pretty ones. Let me just tell you having 50 girls just standing around that are fucking ugly is not a great thing for a club trying to make money. We decide let's have fun since we are here. Once we sat down a girl sat right next to us smoking and started talking a mile a minute and would not stop. At one point my fianc was going to tell her to go away, but it was about to get good because she was the only somewhat attractive one there. All I wanted was a lap dance. Once we told her that she jump to talking about having 15 mins with her in a private space (which really is not the private) and spending $100 for 3 songs, did I mention she also said 2 drinks were "free" and she would push it out to 20 min for us because "she liked us". While talking to us about this she started slandering other races and talking about her fellow dancers in a very negative way. I will also mention as this was going on her eyes were starting to close and she conned us into buying her a drink, but guess what we did. So we turned down her offer of a "private space" and told her we just wanted her to give me a lap dance. She pulled us to another table and was about to give me a lap dance and we were sooooooooo close (top came off and so did here outer panties) and then some women asked my fianc if he wanted company and he turned her down, then as I was about to get my lap Dance FINALLY, or what I thought.... The girl got into an altercation with the girl who asked my fianc if he wanted company. Very nasty words were exchanged in front of us. And then it got awkward and weird because these girls just wanted to keep fighting. Obviously, the girls at the club did not like the girl we had. So 1 hour later, no lap dance, and an upset stripper, and a free ride back to the hotel. At least we got to see two strippers get into it! What a highlight for a couple trying to have some "sexy time". Guess that did not work out! This place is not professional and the girls are rude and disgusting. I would not recommend this to ANYONE! Maybe next time we will try the Rhino, we heard that one was good also.
Not big on strip clubs, but this place was radical! I had a super fun time. Thanks Candy.
What a monumental shithole Treasures.

Cover charge at 4:30 in the afternoon was $33.00. Almost immediately upon entering you're besieged with hustling bitches trying to shake you down for table dances at twenty bucks a pop. Should you decline, they'll step up their marketing skills by offering you a package of five dances for only one-hundred dollars. 
God, they're clever. I think that works out to, oh wait, twenty dollars a dance.
As I said, clever.

When servers ask for your drink order, they'll immediately ask how you're going to pay for it, suggesting perhaps you may be homeless and without funds for such a wondrous event. 
The look on your face suggests you're experiencing a wtf moment. 

          " Cash or credit card?" she annoyingly barks while you're still in disbelief.

Shaken down at the door, now insulted, as if you were going to swill down a beer and beeline it for an awaiting cab without paying, you begin to reassess if any of this was worth it.

Whether your response is cash or credit, they'll demand payment up front prior to taking the order. I believe this is because, and this is only conjecture mind you, their default statement is to not trust anyone who graces their shit hole establishment for fear they're part shit hole too. It's a projection thing I guess.

Don't get suckered into a VIP dance in the back room by one of the many fleeting nubiles promenading about.. They're there for one reason. To take you to the 'back room'.
If you do get suckered into a back room dance, the fee starts at $100 with a $32 two-drink minimum, again, all paid up front of course. And god help you if you happen to get caught up in the moment, losing count of your five song 'deal'. The sixth song just shot the price up to $250 along with a now $50 two-drink minimum. 
It's like being penalized for getting caught up in the music and whirling tits!

You're now knee-deep in the shit, having unwittingly purchased the multi-dance package and guess what? This time, the dancer doesn't shake you down for loot, she waltzes you over to some guy bigger than all outdoors, whose tone of voice is lower than a 30" subwoofer and whose countenance is that of a guard at Buckingham Palace.

   "Two hundred fifty bucks pal, how you gonna pay?" 

I panic.
The eighth song just began playing and I don't know what the rules are. The seventh shot the price from twenty to thirty-five. After everything I've seen thus far, I'm thinking they're going to ask me to pony up a nut when song number eight begins playing.
I cut my losses and head for the door.

When you've had enough of their bullshit and want to take a cab back to the hotel, guess what, no cabs. 
Oh there are cabs, a cab line and a valet, but you're not going anywhere...not just yet. 
That's because you'll need to grease the valet, this or else wait in a terminally long line of losers who didn't have money to line the valet's pockets.

Here's what I did.
I saw an off-duty cab about 100 yards from their driveway entrance and started toward it.

   "HE'S OFF DUTY!" the valet shouts. 

    "FUCK YOU," I respond politely. 

I offered the taxi driver a fifty to take me anywhere as fast as he could. This so I could begin erasing the entire shitty experience out of my memory. 
He declines, saying he'll get in trouble with va-ray. (Asian)
I make it a Franklin.

  " Hop in" he says.

Everything about Treasures smells to high heaven, including the plethora of Russian whores in cheap perfume and glitter. You'll know who they are immediately.
They speak with the same dialect as that ugly bitch from Rocky & Bullwinkle.

I would only come back here if I won the lottery.
To the people complaining about $20 dances- this is Vegas, that is NOTHING.

As for this club all the ladies I saw looked old and worn out.
A couple of really nice girls, nothing amazing. But free limo and drink offers which is always great!
On the strip we were stopped by a promoter claiming a free limo ride to and from the strip. free cover and free drinks. we got there and there was a cover fee of 25 bucks. 

the drinks were hella over priced, again no big deal however we were promised free drinks and got nothing.

when a member of our party tried to show a door man the video of what was promised shit went to down. hella lame and we lost our ride.

door man knocked our friends phone outta his hand. doing hella much. 35 bucks in taxi fee, we had to take 2 back to the strip. 

bay area got no love here that night.
cheap lap dances (20 bucks).. lots of talent.. although a lot of that talent disappears by 3 AM.. at least my bachelor friend had a good time..
If Spearmint Rhino and Treasures were siblings then Spearmint Rhino would be Charlie Sheen and Treasures would be Emilio Estevez. Spearmint Rhino is a lot more fun with a lot more going on. Treasures is small and booooooring. Bottle service is a lot cheaper though.
Not my favorite strip club.  Just because I didn't feel the girls were really into the dancing.  Just more about collecting their dollar bills.  For us women out in the audience, we want to see some moves girls.  You are living art,  people paid to see you perform.  Also dancers, you are supposed to give us ladies ideas on our private performances at home.

The shuttle was a nice service to have.  I was super impressed with hot large the place was.  Two stories!!!  Felt like it was a Chuck-E-Cheese from the outside, an adults playground on the inside.
This place wasn't too bad.  I was there for brother's bachelor party and (with a lot of money) they did a nice job taking care of everyone, especially my brother.  The drinks are a bit too pricey, and my oddest complaint is that for how huge it looks, the seating is done so poorly it is a bit crowded and uncomfortable.
I was not impressed with this club. The girls are just meh. It's very expensive. The decor is nice but that's about it. Don't waste your money there when there are so many other clubs to chose from.
This review is for the steakhouse. I reserved a table for 10 over the phone - I was on hold for 8 minutes and was very tempted to hang up but I had to stay on the line. A few Yelpers and I came here. I've been very curious about their steaks...I heard good things.

The early birds and I had some drinks at the bar. Thanks, Chris for the champagne! They were having "specials" on drinks which means 2 beers for $12 and $25 for 2 glasses of champagne! I'd have to be drunk before I pay that much for alcohol! The 2 ladies that work at the bar/restaurant took really good care of us. They called me by my first name and even spelled my name correctly which hasn't been happening lately.

Cece was our server and she was very patient with us (late peeps, splitting up the check and peeps who didn't want to get entrees). She's a very spunky lady but she treated me well and gave us a good deal on entrees (buy 1, get 1). So, for a group of 10, we only paid less than $400 including tax and gratuity.

We had a view of the stripclub and we can see the dancers from our table. We also had access to the stripclub without paying for cover. Some dancers were walking around the steakhouse to accompany men who needed them. You can request for girls in advance or tell your server when you get there. But if you didn't, they won't bother you. 

Surprisingly, the steak was great and so was the garlic mashed potatoes. I heard about them but didn't trust other people's opinions I guess so I had to find out myself. The bone-in ribeye was huge (24oz) and had to share it. We got it medium-rare. It was tender and delicious. The steaks are anywhere from $30-60.

It was an interesting dining experience. Dinner and a show I should say. To answer somebody's question: no, the girls won't be grinding on you while you eat your steak!

P.S: Somebody please take my pixelated crown away from me!!!
Went here with hubby to celebrate his birthday. We told everyone it was his birthday, but nothing special was done nor did they appear to care. There were all different types of girls here, but barely anyone came up to us at all. I believe we asked two girls to come talk to us and they were very nice and gave us dances and introduced us to a friend who also gave a dance. We went up to the stage to ask girls to come up to us. I am not used to have to beg women for attention at a strip club! 

The club itself is nice and spacious, if they actually had girls walk around the entire club and not congregate in the back of the club, it would actually be just as good as spearmint rhino. We left after feeling frustrated that we could not get any girls to come up to us.

There were several couples in there so i was happy that they were welcoming to women. The black dancers in there are very friendly. Can't speak on the white or asian ones because they ignored us.
Meh. At least the drinks were strong so you would be drunk enough to buy a lap dance from a relatively clean girl.
Surprisingly good steak.  I'd also recommend the shrimp scampi appetizer.

We got the crab cakes as another app and had the garlic mashed potatoes as a side but neither were worth writing home about.

However, the bone-in-ribeye and filet were both legit and not pricier than any other average steakhouse in Vegas.

Beware that it is likely you will get hit up by a stripper in the middle of your meal.  This can be a gift or a curse depending on who approaches you or the occasion for your visit.

One mistake we made was with the cocktails.  Our assumption was that we would get normal restaurant prices for cocktails $8-$10 for a simple well drink but reality was it was more like strip club / night club prices at $13-$14 per cocktail, ouch.
Grea club. For sure the most posh interior in Vegas. Not overly impressed  by art on walls as much as girls on floor.  Pretty crowded on Friday night. Dancers are a bit on the aggresive side,butit is Vegas somthe girls are always on the hustle. Upside,  girls,girls,girls everywhere!  Downside, over priced drinks and VIP prices wayyy pricey. But,as Vegas clubs go!this is as good as it gets. Back for sure - some day soon!
This has been such a fun day! Where to next?! TREASURE'S!! This is the first time I've set foot in a strip club in Vegas for at least five years! 
It's MNF aaaand they had AMAZING deals here! 
Football is on, on the BIG screen. $1 well drinks. Or they have buy one get one on their regular drinks. $12 buckets of beer.. Which WHY wouldn't you when ONE beer costs $11?!!! Free food buffet, raffle tickets are given out for every drink you buy AND they have $1 dances. WHAAAAAAAAT. 
This was actually SUPER fun and I recommend going here if you are into football, free food and cheap drinks! Or I'm not even INTO football but I'd go for the free food and cheap drinks anyway! LOLOL.
this is the first time i've ever been to a strip club with no real complaints. Im thoroughly impressed at the customer service from the limo driver, bouncer, door man, waitress and large range of non pushy girls. the drinks are expensive around $14/$18 dollars but the atmosphere is great.  whereever your hotel is, ask for Blaine to pick you up. Call him 702-343-2828, he'll take care of you ;) He reminded me of Sal from Breaking Bad lol. 4 stars because drinks are expensive
Super expensive, and the charge me extra because I came in a cab. I'm a local just tring to be safe. I will never go to this place again!
This place has a nice little racket going on where they hire promoters on the strip to do their dirty work for them. What is their dirty work? Lying to customers about what club they'll be taken to, and then shuttling everyone here, to Treasures. And when you realize the bait and switch? They berate you for wanting to go elsewhere. If this is how they treat potential customers on the outside, one can imagine how they treat the trapped souls inside.
Beware. This is not the place to go when in Vegas.  Terrible Limo. Terrible service and terrible girls.  Got to sapphires or rhino.  Huge ripoff.
So we just left Treasures on our last night in Vegas. We had a party bus drop us off for no charge and the two drink minimum was fine and easily understandable. Drinks were strong. The girls were sweet and very talented. So why the two stars?

My beau went up to a girl to try to get his friend a dance and on his way up, he accidentally dropped his winnings from earlier that night. Before I had a chance to even say anything, a girl ran over and picked it up and ran back to some dude's lap. I confronted her about it and she was about to give it back to me when some senior stripper told me "any money on the floor is fair game". And the girl stuck the money back in her purse.

I was having an absolutely amazing time until then. We left right after that, there's no reason to give any more money to thieves. 

Watch your back when you're there.
A lap dance was pretty much forced onto my boyfriend. Not worth the $20 that they charged. 

I had found a deal online saying free limo and drinks and free entry. yes the limo was free, and the entry was free in theory. We ended up paying $33 for two drinks a piece, which excluded drinks with more than one alcohol. 

Needless to say we were there for less than an hour and we would not go back.
Free limo ride to the strip club which was nice but was told that they will take us back to our hotel when we were done.  Well it didn't happen,  our hotel was "out of the way" and we were told to get out at Planet Hollywood and walk.   

There was no cover charge but you had to pay 33 dollars for two drinks up front.  If you wanted a drink that had more then one alcohol in it (Long island, double jack and coke) they took both tickets.  33 dollars for a double jack and coke are you kidding me?!  Just say its a cover charge and get it over with. 

Pushy girls.   As soon as you sit down they are on your lap.   I had to tell one stripper that I didn't want a dance from her over a dozen times.  She wouldn't take no for an answer.   Then another girl came up that I told half a dozen times that I didn't want a dance at the moment (was having a cigar and attempting to enjoy my $33 jack and coke) she said well you can afford to pay it and gave me a lap dance.  When I say no I mean no but I paid so I wouldn't be kicked out.  

I eventually went upstairs with my last $100.  I was told it was $100 for 15 min and 1 drink.   Well it was $100 but the drink wasn't free they charged another $20 for that.  The stripper got mad at me because I told her that all I had was the $100 (I did tell her that before I even went up) and couldn't pay for the drink.  On top of that the stripper only danced for two songs and said I owed her money!  

In conclusion don't come here.  Over priced drinks and extremely pushy girls.  I couldn't even enjoy the venue.
Came here based off the reviews. Sapphires reviews were bad so we passed. The girls here are pretty good lookin just a few here n there that made me ask how did they even get the job. Seats everywhere and the I like how there is a center stage and a main stage.

The bad I came in there with no cash so the ATM was my first stop. Bouncer told me the charge was like 2.50 mmm no how about they charge $10 or 9% for every transaction which ever is greater.. I'm not really caring at this point until it hit me I'm going to be charged 10 for 20 dollars ughh PLEASE bring cash the ATM will kill your pockets as well. Women's bathroom ..,. Well u share it with the strippers and a Mexican service lady and the room is soo small you would think 5 strippers wouldn't hang in there taking selfies. The dancing overall was basic only a couple would do pole tricks smh and drinks are soso. 

If u find a man on the street make sure u tell him u want ladies in free or u are not going