If your looking for Bar food in the city of Middleton this is the place to go. They have excellent burgers. And honestly their fries are some of the best I have had.

Ive been there only twice and have never had anything else on the menu other than the cheeseburger but it was excellent as far as burgers go. My friend got the cheese steak...which looked awesome too. 

Worth checking out if your looking for a burger/sandwich...and prices are quite good.
Quick review: Stopped in for lunch today, with the intention of sampling their Friday Fish special. $7 gets you 2 pieces of deep fried cod, fries, slaw, roll, and soda.  Fish was solid - nicely done, especially for the price and speed.

Detailed review:

I'd never visited the Middleton Sport Bowl prior to today, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  We arrived exactly at noon, parked, and made our way to the bar, where we found two seats and were promptly greeted by a bartender.

We both ordered the lunch special - 2 piece deep fried cod plate with fries, slaw, tartar, dinner roll, and soda.  The bartender took our order and came back with a complimentary bowl of popcorn, which was a nice surprise.

Plates arrived about 10 minutes later - the fish was appropriately sized, as were the fries - no imbalance, and portions were fair.

The fish itself had a flavorful beer batter that was a little thicker than what you'll typically find at most places, but it was delicious and I welcomed the extra crunch.

Inside, the fish itself was a tad watery with just a hint of grease - not anything outrageous, but just enough to sense that it was there.  Flavor of the fish was incredibly mild; the batter stole some of its thunder.  

The fries were excellent - battered-style and straight cut.  I'm told the slaw and tartar were "average."  Dinner roll was hard and dry.

Total lunch bill for two: $14.64, and we were in-and-out within 35 minutes.  Totally acceptable and a good lunch, all things considered.

Middleton Sport Bowl = NEUTRAL

Food = 2.75 to 3 stars (average; not bad, not spectacular)
Service = 3.5 stars (prompt and friendly)
Value = 4 stars 
MISC = 3 stars (actually seemed to be a nice bowling alley/bar)

Summary: Not a win, nor a fail.  I'd go back for the fish at lunch, and will definitely be back to sample other foods - the sandwiches looked really good.
Middleton Sport Bowl is kind of a mixed bag.  I'll briefly break down how I gauge them (I've been many times, both before and after the renovation)

Facility:  Great environment, a reasonable number of lanes (although not as many as other alleys in the area), a roomy bar with TVs for the sports games, and an upstairs that has both pool as well as a rental area that hosts private functions or tournaments.

Cost:  Fairly cheap if you go on open bowling nights, I think it's around $1 or $2 a game plus shoes.  I'm sure it's hiked up otherwise.  Open Bowling is usually after 9pm during the week and not a bad option.  We used to go on Thursdays which seems to be a good night for them.

Food:  It's typical bar food.  They have good cheese curds, and the usual fare that you'd see at an alley.  Nothing to write home about but if you're in the mood for a greasy burger you probably won't go wrong.

Service:  I cannot stand the people that work at the counter.  There's a couple of older guys (50-60+) who obviously hate life and want to project that on you when you're there.  Everytime I've gone in I've tried to be courteous and polite, and asked simple basic questions like "I'd like to get a lane, there's 3 of us and we all need shoes" etc, etc.  These guys first look at you like you walked into the wrong bar, and then respond with gruff, 2 second answers that doesn't help either party move the process along.  It's really irritating because I've gone to this alley off and on for probably about 10 years or so, and it's always been like that.  The bartenders, when you get a woman, are usually friendly and don't share the same attitude.

Personally I'm more of a Schwoeglers guy, but their prices for open bowling are more expensive and the atmosphere is noiser, so Sport Bowl sometimes wins out.
Hadn't been to the SportBowl for quite some time, but visited for lunch today, thanks to a hot-tip about the burgers and curds.  Some co-workers had been raving about them, and ever the skeptic, I had to verify the claims for myself.

Arrived at around noon on a Friday, and copped-a-squat at one of the numerous bar stools.  A very friendly bartender walked over, menu in hand, and asked what I'd like to drink.  I ordered an iced tea, and browsed the menu.

Tea arrived within a minute, and I placed my order: cheese curds and a bacon cheeseburger, with pepper jack, cooked medium, please.

The bartender left with my order, and I passed the time by watching the Big-10 basketball tournament and gazing around at the large and expansive bar area.

The food arrived, and it looked spectacular.  Let's start with the curds.

Friends, I know curds.  Believe me.  You can read all you want about the "awwwesome" and "amaaaaaazing" curds from the Old Fashioned - those suck.  Point blank - they suck.  They're greasy, they're usually over-cooked, and they're bland.

What "saves" the OF's curds is their tiger sauce.  And I don't care who you are, but to borrow from another reviewer, "Sauce does not a good curd make" (sorry Doctress, I saw your line in the El Tigre review, and had to borrow it).  

The Sport Bowl's curds are DEFINITELY homemade.  You can tell simply by looking at them that these offerings begin as simple, unbreaded curds, are battered and rolled in a breading (probably Cornflake or cracker?), and then carefully deep-fried.

And the result speaks for itself.  They are EXCELLENT.  So good (see photo).  The bartender confirmed they take 'bare' curds, and give 'em the batter/breading treatment, all to order.  I believe him.  You need to believe me - these are the best curds you'll find outside of Green County.

The burger was equally excellent, and I'm going to go on record to say the burgers here are without a doubt in the Top 3 for Madison-area burgers.  

Knoche's Market supplies the beef.  It's hand-pattied and grilled to perfection.  I asked for medium and received a true medium burger.  The burger wasn't dry and it wasn't greasy.  It had a delicious smokey, charcoaled flavor that instantly brought back memories of mid-summer grill-nights back home...

The pepperjack had a nice kick, and the bacon served as pork-icing on the cow cake (I'd have said 'beef cake' but that's a bit over-the-top).

The bun was light and airy - very fresh tasting and lightly toasted.  

The burger was so good that I'd have no problem eating it completely plain - burger and bun alone.  That's saying something.

Middleton SportBowl = WIN

Food = 4.75 stars
Value = 4.5 stars
Service = 4 stars
MISC = 3.5 stars (not super inviting environment, but it's a bar/bowling alley)

Summary:
- Best curds in Madison
- Top 3 burger in Madison-area
- Go.
Let's start this review at a 3-star (A-OK = not good/not bad) rating.

+1 star: They have a Badger Bus for home-game weekends. It costs $5, and includes a coupon for a free drink when you get back from the game.

+1 star: The bowling alley looks nice. It's a small space, but clean-looking. I don't know prices. I'll give them the +1 for appearances.

-2 stars: The food is terrible. TERRIBLE. After the WIS v UTEP game, the wife ordered boneless Buffalo chicken wings. They came out deep fried and hard, with almost no flavor -- there was NO BUFFALO SAUCE ON THE WINGS! (We think the B-sauce might have been fried onto the chicken, but, if so, the flavor was lost in frying).

-1 star: The service was lacking. Following the game, with all 50+ people who had just come back on the Badger Bus, there were only 2 servers, and they were also the bartenders! Service was slow, haphazard, and careless -- the guy never once asked how the food was, nor did he ever actually stop at the table except long enough to take our order. Drinks were dropped on the fly, the food was all but thrown as he whizzed by ...

Overall, 2 stars. I'll go back for the Badger Bus and the bowling, but I will NEVER eat there again.
Like to stop here on Fridays,as your first drink is free. That's right not 2 for 1, free! Had a burger on last visit which was quite possibly the best I have ever had! Fresh,hand patted,with a great bun. Craving another as we speak..Service OK.
I eat lunch here about 3 times a week.  They have a different special each day of the week Monday through Friday.  Always friendly!  I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a place to eat some lunch.
A co-worker of ours just got a promotion/transfer, and as part of his farewell/send-off, he requested we join him for lunch at the Sport Bowl.

I can't expand much from my previous review(s)... the burgers are still in the Top 3 for Madison, the curds are in the Top 2.  This is primarily a burger/fries/curds place; everyone in our party ordered burgers (save for me and my boss - we both ordered salads), and every burger was perfectly cooked and earned rave reviews.

The salads aren't anything special; processed meats, iceberg lettuce, mediocre veggies.  I would've loved to have one of those succulent burgers, but I'm in the zone with my diet/exercise these days.  

Lunch specials include a free soda/iced tea as well.
I'm not reviewing this place as a bowling alley, since I don't have the expertise to know what constitutes a good bowling experience.  If the shoes fit, the ball rolls down the lane, and the pins fall down, it's fine.

This review is all about the food.  Which, if you can't tell by the number of stars above these paragraphs, is pretty tasty.  To start, the cheese curds are required eating.  I think they just take cheddar cheese cubes, bread them, and fry them, but they are delicious when fresh.  Make sure to eat them quick, however, because, like all cheese curds, they harden when they cool and have a weird texture after that point.  

When you think bar food, you think burgers.  And the burgers at the Sport Bowl are excellent.  Not only are they excellent, they are fairly priced as well.  At lunch, you can get a burger + fries (battered!) + soda for eight bucks.  I can see some people thinking the burgers are too greasy, but the grease gives you a delightful "contented, weighed down, and fuzzy-brained" feeling afterwards.  

A quick rundown on other items I've tried: the meatball sub was so-so, but huge.  Go to Gino's a mile away if you're craving meatballs.  The turkey club is stacked high and tastes exactly as you would expect.  The patty melt is just a burger on bread, so obviously it rules hard.  The pizza is decent, with a crust that tastes like Pizza Hut's deep dish.  The fish fry is a lot of good food for a good price.  The "Philly" cheesesteak is too greasy even for me.

The best part about the Sport Bowl is that if you feel some postprandial guilt for your frenzied ingestion of large amounts of fat and grease, you can pop over to Willy West next door to get an organic hippie-smoothie.  But it will probably cost more than your entire meal here.
Great burgers, sad fish. We do a weekly managers meeting and everyone takes turns choosing the location. One of the guys choose the Madison Sports Bowl. I ordered the fish, when the food came to the table I saw beautiful hand pattied burgers, hand dipped onion rings, then came my fish. Sad flat, boring, breading right off the Sysco truck. What a disappointment. Today we made a second trip and I ordered the burger and onion rings. I'm very happy!
Ever since their renovation, this place has knocked it out of the park.  This is THE place to go for a cold beer after a softball game.  Hungry?  No problem!  Their menu is extensive and everything that I've had has been excellent.

I especially recommend the pizza - you don't expect great pizza from a bowling alley, but they do a great job.  It's a favorite of ours.  Their burgers are top notch as well.  I haven't had the gyros, but a friend of mine raves about them.  The kids menu is great - my little guy destroyed their mini corn dogs.

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The owners put a lot of hard work and time into this place, and it shows.  On a cool summer evening, you can't beat sitting out on the patio with a cold one.
I dig this place. My lady and I get dinner here maybe once a week, the wraps and salads are always good and the staff always friendly. Couple that with the entertainment aspect of having darts, pool table, bowling etc. in a family place that's not geared toward the rowdy, and it's a great place to unwind after work.
Nice and clean.  Good food, fair prices. It's a country music/NASCAR place and that is not my thing.
I have been to this place quite a few times, more than I can count! They have some pretty nice lanes after a nice revamp a few years ago! Although they don't really compete with some of the newer ones bowling alleys in the area in the alley sense; they make up for it with their really nice atmosphere and staff. They also make up for it with their spectacular drink specials and food specials! It is bar food that is cheap and delicious! You can't beat it here. 

They have some nice pool tables in the back where the bar is along with a dart board and some other fun games. They even have those bar slots and some other fun electronic bar games. The bartenders will even play bar games right there with you and are sometimes quite generous, in the sense that they don't care if they lose. They also have some great volley ball courts across the street with a bar over there as well so you are never parched. I played on their fall league once and it was a lot of fun! Everyone is really nice and is no one really takes it too seriously.

Finally, they have TV's up the wazoo so that you can watch all of the games that would be on that day and they sometimes have specials based on how good a team is doing! Props to Wildcat Lanes for keeping even me interested!
The sign outside advertises Friday night fish fry, but after two tries we have yet to find it.  It used to be in an area upstairs, but now that is locked up.  When you go in the bar, you are pretty much ignored unless you are a regular I guess.  No one seemed to be eating fish in the bar, but that is the only place I can figure out where it might be served.  After the lackluster greeting, we left both times to eat elsewhere.   If anyone has experienced it, let me know the details of the illusive fish fry.
Last time I was here, the buffalo chicken wrap went from using fresh white meat and some magic awesomesauce to the worst dreg cuts from the back and thigh - which I would normally not care about, because those cuts have the most flavor - but they were cubed up in tidy little piles with not enough hot sauce and tasted really, really old. I could taste the freezer burn on the cubed chicken in the wrap. You shouldn't taste that on a dish that's supposed to be drowned in hot sauce.

This was at least two years ago, so the downward spiral started shortly after I wrote my first review. We have not been back since.
I love this place.

It's close enough to my place that I can still go out, without going all the way downtown. For those nights when I'd just rather keep it real with my friends, at the Schwoegler's sports bar (which has ample HDTVs) or out on the lanes.

The bar offers good specials and great service, and the lanes are well maintained and utilize quality scoring systems. Oh, and their league nights are very well managed too.

Really, this is a bowling alley... I'm not sure how to write the glowing review that it deserves, but it is a great establishment regardless of my writer's block.
I feel like I was swindled when I went here. Be very aware, on a friday night it's $4 per person, per game. We paid $40 for 1.2 hours of bowling. INSANE! This is an ABSURD price for bowling. Not even the swanky bar/lounge/bowling alley in the heart of downtown Chicago by the Magnificent Mile charges as much for the same amount of time we went bowling. And this is the outskirts of Madison, Wisconsin. 

The price per game is not clearly marked at all, unless you go on the website. Unfortunately, we walked in off the street...odds are if you're reading this and on the internet in general, you won't make our mistake. I mean, caveat emptor...but I am pissed. The guy at the counter didn't even bat an eye at our incredulity, it seems like this happens ALL the time. 

As to the bowling alley itself, drinks are decently priced for Madison. The equipment is not particularly modern, but you're not bowling with rigs from the fifties. The selection of bowling balls is bad. The finger holes are all super tiny, and I have long, slim fingers, so it's not like I have particularly large fingers. The alley was also not super crowded, so there should have been more adult-sized balls available. The alley was fairly clean.

I'll never come back here. If you want to get ripped off on a date, come here. Otherwise, AVOID!
This was a really nice outing with the friends. Price of $10.5 for 2.5 hours of bowling seemed reasonable. Also, the pizza was unexpectedly nice and beer was good. I'd highly recommend it.
This is my friends' and my go-to bowling alley.

They have the best deals I've seen. We went a lot on Sundays. It's $7 for all-you-can-bowl-in-2.5-hours. Mondays were $2 games and Tuesdays were $1 games. There were Groupon deals that frequently featured Schwoegler Park Towne Lanes as well. However, whenever they have bowling leagues or tournaments, there's a good chance you won't be able to get a lane. 

Oh and shoe rentals aren't included in the Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday deals I mentioned above. We went so much that we ended up buying a pair of our own shoes. I highly recommend that if you plan on bowling anywhere more than 5 times. You can get a cheap pair for $20.
Bought a $15 "Koupon" online for 5 people, shoes, and 2 games each.  Normally $50.
Very Cheep Management! Really will charge you for the littlest thing's. Eg. Ask for a tiny cup of sauce. Look carefully at how cheap management is. Sadly customer is not a concern.
I have a 3 1/2 year old who learned about bowling from the wii and wanted to check out real bowling so we decided to go. This alley is the closest and a friend if mine told me that they have ramps that little kids can use to bowl. So we headed out in the snow to have some indoor fun. We got there and the guy behind the counter barely acknowledged us at first. Then when we were getting shoes he was irritated because we didn't have bowling shoes for our daughter. I guess it was our bad for not calling beforehand to see if they have kids sizes and they don't. But oh we'll she used her socks that were non slip. The bowling alley itself is in good condition and the ramp for kids is sweet although you have to pay 2 bucks to rent it. It does seem that this place does have charges for every little thing. Definitely not an every week outing. But I digress, we had a great time bowling but I do agree with the other posters in here who mentioned the poor supply of bowling balls. Many with tiny holes and many with huge holes. But all in all we had a good time. And the food is good too.
Jillian's is pretty much the only place in the hunk of junk known as Neonopolis to ever have anyone in it, and it's easy to see why.  Its appeal is pretty universal.  It's a restaurant, giant arcade, bowling alley, bar, music venue and dance club all rolled in to one - however, everything in one place doesn't always mean it's awesome.  I've had some good times at Jillian's, but if I'm hanging out downtown it's not my top choice of places to go.

I ate here once with my ex-husband, and although he left the bad taste in my mouth, the food was pretty good.  It's your typical, American, Apostrophe S restaurant cuisine.  The arcade is fun, but it's no measure to Dave and Buster's (why don't we have one of THOSE?  jeez!).  The bowling is fun, that's for sure.  It's a little more expensive than other alternatives like Sam's Town or the Gold Coast, but they have groovy balls and blacklit lanes all the time and I'm a nerd for things like that.  Also, my friend Ryan fell asleep on one of the bowling benches and they let him sleep there.  (I guess that's a plus if it's a tired friend, not so much if it's one of the transient population of downtown.)  The bar is a bit pricey and doesn't have much in the way of pizazz and the DJ and dance floor are notoriously lame.  Lots of local bands and some touring acts play here from time to time.  I've never gone to one of those shows and, frankly, I'm kinda baffled as to where they set them up.

One of my ex-boyfriends once tried to get frisky in one of the banquet rooms.  I'm not that kind of a girl and it smelled like salad dressing, so I passed.  But if that's your bag, there's always that possibility.
I participated on a panel at the Amplify Music Festival, and this is where it took place.  Jillian's is recognizable as a variety of the "Dave and Buster's" genre- video games with booze, you know?  

I'm not an afficianado of he genre- skee ball is for kids, aight?  But I did spend an enjoyable Vegas afternoon here on their indoor bowling alley.  They manufactured a decent white russian; while the pizza and nachos we ordered were TERRIBLE!!!

They also have a live music venue downstairs- that is probably what sets Jillian's apart from other Dave and Buster's type places.  I didn't actually go to a show there, so I can't review that aspect.

The video games looked like a tossed off after thought- nothing that looked interesting- except for the white water rafting game(?!?) that looked interesting

The decor is reminscent of your standard TGIF.
Oh Jillians...

what an experience.

As we were winding down from our big day on the strip we decided to check out Fremont Street....wow....what a change in pace ad scenery. 

Jillian's is similar to (but not as cool as) a Dave & Busters.

We bowled under a black light and drank cocktails which was pretty cool.
oh! what to do in a city where there's so MUCH to do?
where do most of the locals in Vegas hang out? 
Skee Ball and hot dudes offering to teach you how to handle a ball.
Pool tables for you to reach over ever so sexily to hit that cue. 

i love Jillian's in Seattle. my local buddies and my crew from LA attending someone's birthday party. this location is pretty average. the scene is pretty laid back- but the local men here are completely prowling for fresh meat. you can almost feel the desperation.
This place has a great atmosphere with lots of big screen TV's, only 4 boothes but lots of seating, a large arcade, a bowling alley & pool hall. PLUS on weekends they have live ROCK shows for ALL ages. The food is very reasonably priced. The menu is pretty limited to bar food though. The service is kinda iffy, the y were very friendly when we arrived but once we got our food we never saw them again so NO refills or anything else. We had to track the waitress down to pay the check so we could leave. The Chicken wrap was excellent very tasty & fresh. The beef & cheese sandwich was good but quite messy you had to eat it with a fork since it was soggy. The onion rings were terrific but could have used some kind of dipping sauce. The lager was great smooth & crisp with good alcohol content.Their own brew. Overall is was quite good but service was a little lacking considering their were only 3 other patrons in the place. I would recommend it as a good place to eat when in downtown Las Vegas
I can't believe it's really over. I was reluctant to believe Phillip C. but when I saw it with my own 2 eyes it nearly brought me to tears. Other than the 99 cent deep fried twinkies & oreos at Mermaids there really was no other reason to go downtown except Jillian's-IT will be missed. Especially the concerts.
This was one of the best concert venues in Las Vegas. I miss Jillian's. Just like someone else said. Its kinda like Dave and Busters. Hope something else opens up just like Jillians.
Wow when my friend said we got VIP to bowl I wasn't too impressed.  When I got here I was totally 180'd.  Hot waitresses, disco bowling, DJ spinning, loungin' on the couch and clubbers dancin' away.  There was free food & drinks all night woohoo!! (Granted VIP night before grand opening).  Still the place was popping.  The bowling system was off the chart and high tech - yeah it was for bowling.  Located in CityScape; this is definitely gonna be the next hot spot in downtown PHX.  Which is great since downtown is so lacking in the night life!  As for the food man it was good.  Not your typical slider I tell ya.  The ambience is just right - how they got that high-end bowling and bar lounge to work??  Beats me but  it does; I'm gonna have my birthday here! - Enjoy!
When the announcement was made in early 2010 that Lucky Strike was coming to the neighborhood, I knew it would be special, and I knew it would be something that changed the game in Downtown Phoenix. Opening night at Lucky Strike went swimmingly, and it has been getting better and better ever since. 

The atmosphere is reminiscent of Big Lebowski, which coincidentally was the model bowling alley for the first Lucky Strike. It's a small bowling alley with only 12 lanes, a lounge and bar area, and pool tables. Make no mistake, it isn't cramped, just a small place with a lot going on. By day you'll enjoy well lit lanes and a bright casual atmosphere, but by night, that all changes drastically. Lucky Strike is predominately a night club on the weekends, when the music is loud, the lights are low, and the sexy people are aplenty, sometimes three deep standing at the bar with a 2 hour wait for a lane. Some say the Old Town crowd has moved in, but I say it's a diverse and fun mix of people all with the same intention of dancing to old school hip hop, bowling, and having some fun downtown. The bowling lanes are a little nicer than your standard bowling alley. They have newer and better scoring machines, TVs behind the pins, and all state of the art technology. It's really fantastic.

Throughout dozens of visits, once as many as three times in a 24 hour period, I've recieved both exceptional service and awful service, with no real consistency either way. One visit, we sat down at the bar by the window in the back of the club, and were told we could not order drinks there. Another visit, I waited 15 minutes to get my tab after requesting it, though we were the only ones there. Other visits, the service was so perfect that we felt we could may as well be guests in someone's home. The staff here is all friendly, and everyone seems to like their job. I have a theory on the service, and that is the way the managerial staff has the place set up. It doesn't flow well for the servers. Example, there is a bar right by the bowling lanes which is never open. The other bar is around the corner, down the stairs, in another room. Servers must go here to refill a drink or get a beer, which makes it take forever. They should really work on a way to make food and drink service more expeditious. 

By this point, I've tried every item on Lucky Strike's $5.50 lunch special (lunch, soda, shoes, and one game) menu and they have all been good. Some of the standouts for me are the Turkey Brie sandwich, a mixture of sliced turkey, melted brie, and apple butter on a Ciabatta, the Bleu Mini Burger, served in a duo (you can mix and match with other types as well) with house made french fries. You really can't go wrong with any of it, though. The happy hour menu features half priced "Lounge Menu," $2 domestic drafts, and I forget what else from 4- and 9-close 7 nights a week. I love the pretzel dippers, served with garlic butter, mustard, and cheese dip, as well as the Beef Skewers with a spicy and sweet glaze. The same mini burgers are available at happy hour as well. 

In actuality, if you're a hardcore bowler, you might not care about all the flash and bang at Lucky Strike. You might not care that there are beautiful women serving you food and drinks right at your lane while wearing little black mini skirts. You might not notice the DJ booth in the lounge area, and you surely might ignore the animations on the screen when you get a strike, but for those of us who can't seem to muster more than 125 a game, and really just want to hang out in a cool place with great food and friendly people, Lucky Strike is heaven.
I went to Lucky Strike on Saturday Night.  This review is more about the feeling I got than any particular aspect or event there.  With one exception, my bartender was absolutely my favorite bartender of all time.  (If you are reading this you make the best iced tea ever!)  

We get there about 7:30 and had to wait about half an hour for a lane.  No problem, it's Saturday at 7:30 on opening weekend.  I kind of expected a longer wait.  We all sit down at the bar, order some drinks, and grab a bite to eat.  I had a club sandwich (not so great), friends had a pizza (they seemed to like it), and the last of our foursome had the pretzels sticks (I stole one and loved it).  The drinks were good and seemed well mixed.  I generally just drink bourbon on the rocks, so it doesn't take a genius,  but the pour VERY generous.  

When our TGI McManahan's beeper goes off we head on over to the front desk to claim our lane.  It wound up being about 20 per person for shoes and and the lane.  By the way.  Try not to go anywhere you need to rent shoes with a guy well over 6 feet...Size 14? really?

There were some issues with my friends changing over the bar tab but these things happen with an opening weekend.  The music had some high points but over all was a little disappointing.  The waitresses were attentive.  I bowled like crap.  That about sums up the facts.  Oh wait.  The place is done very well as far as decor.  

I will definitely be back but I don't see myself making it a weekly trip.  Maybe every other month.
I'm not going to lie.  I was kind of excited that Lucky Strike was opening up downtown.  It's close to home, and downtown definitely needed something like this.  
Our server was nice, but it probably took like...20 minutes to get a drink.  It was a Wednesday night, with probably 5 other people in there.  It's not like it was busy or anything.  When I finally got my drink, it was sooo watered down.  
Then, when we ordered food.  Another 20 minutes later, the food runner comes out with our food, puts it at the wrong lane and when I asked him to bring it over to our table because it was ours, he gave me attitude.  I wasn't even being rude about it.  Anyways, I asked him for a side of ranch and some water, and he says, "ask your server".  haha.  
I work in the service industry.  So believe me, I'm not some stuck up, up tight, high maintenance customer.  I give great customer service, and when I'm paying pretty high prices for food and drinks, I expect pretty good service.  
Basically, I'd rather go to a regular bowling ally during Cosmic Bowling where I can listen to better music, get a pitcher of beer and some good food for half the price.
This place can't tell the difference between a reservation and a wad of cash watch out for the manager who puts words in your mouth then kicks you out. If this place wasn't in such a good location I'd say let's laugh and watch it fail. I will enjoy this place as soon as they clean house with the pompous incompetent staff.
So we finally got a chance to hit up lucky strikes last night. It's super nice, and a great place to have some drinks and shoot some pool. Did you notice I missed the bowling part? well I'm sure the bowling WOULD be fun, it we were able to bowl. We got there around 800 and were told there would be about a 45 minute wait. We decided to shoot some pool and have some drinks while we waited. The service...well, our server was nowhere to be found until my buddy flagged down a manager. We finally decided to leave around 1130, never got a chance to bowl. soooo 3 and a half hours and no bowling, that sucked. tremendously. Will I go back? Sure, why not. I love the location and the lounge is a great place to have some drinks and shoot pool. Is it all that and a bag of chips? Nope no sir
I went bowling at Lucky Strike in Downtown Phoenix's new CityScape development last night (a Friday night) with my wife and family.  We made reservations for 7pm, arrived on time, and then waited about 20 minutes for our lanes to be available.  It was okay, because there was music playing, good drinks served at the bar, and pool tables open, but still...

We had an overall nice time, but I expected more out of a Lucky Strike, especially this early on in its presence downtown.  The music was run-of the-mill pop music and the service was average.  Most people are fine with just going to get their own food from the bar at a bowling alley, so if you're going to assign a server/waiter to each lane, then I'd think the service better be above-average.  One thing that was not average...the mini-burgers!  Mmm, they might've been my favorite part of the night.

Considering the fact that I live in Old Town Scottsdale and probably pass five bowling alleys along the way, and the fact that I had pay for parking (since Lucky Strike doesn't validate - crazy!!), I won't be rushing to go again soon, but I'll consider going again if enough of my friends are going too.
I guess I just had really high expectations, so I feel like I would have usually given this four stars, but because I had built it up in my head, it's only a three. 

I went there for my party, and invited about 10 friends to come bowl with me. The pricing was pretty legitimate, and they still have new shoes and shiny new lanes. We went at 5pm and it was EMPTY. They said they had a big lunch rush, but I'm sure things are still picking up here. Everyone in my party got served on time and with appropriate happy hour orders, but I had my order screwed up a few times. And there were drinks that were brought out that no one had, and some of the servers (I think we had 5?) were confused. HOWEVER, I know that they're still learning, and that they're working out the kinks on their food and their service. I guess I just expected a lot more pretty early in their lifespan.

The bowling - well it was awesome. I love Lucky Strikes and will hopefully go again, but I'm waiting for their service to be worked out a bit more, and then I'll review again and go for a 4-star review!
We had girls night out last Saturday and were so impressed by Lucky Strike.  The vibe was good, the service was good, and the staff was friendly.  We had a reservation for 7 to bowl and checked in and got our clean bowling shoes without a hitch.

Awesome drink specials from 9-close - $2 domestic drafts, $3 well drinks, and $4 house wine.  I was a little put off by the sign out front about the dress code - no "colors", motorcycle wear, construction boots, or cut-offs.  This place was pretty classes and I just hope it stays that way.  

Great place to celebrate a birthday or take a group.  Awesome DJ with VIDEOS (I love that) and pool tables.

:)
I am thrilled that Lucky Strike is open in CityScape.  If you need a break from an exhausting work morning, you go there and lunch and bowl.  Relieve some stress and get a great lunch.  AWESOME!!!
Did this place get lost on the way to old town Scottsdale? This place sucks. Save your money and bowl at a real alley. Too few lanes, expensive drinks and expensive bowling. Lastly, they endorse Mitt Romney...that says enough.
If you know me, you know that I'm an advocate of almost anything Phoenix.

That's why when Lucky Strike was set to move into Cityscape, I was thrilled. I've been to the Lucky Strike in LA, and have always had a great time.

I've been to Lucky Strike PHX about 4 times since it opened and for the most part, the wait and bar staff have been above par in their customer service. I am particularly appreciative of waitress Nicole, who has an uncanny ability to almost anticipate what the customer needs before they even ask. She has an overall pleasant personality without being too saccharin-sweet, know what I mean?

For employees like Nicole, I commend Lucky Strike. 

Now, here's why Lucky Strike irritates me: it's their "we're hot shit" mentality. 

1. I tried to reserve one lane for a Wednesday night, and they respond with a "we only take reservations 7 days prior." IT'S A WEDNESDAY NIGHT, FOR CRISSAKES! And this is Phoenix--not Hollywood, not DC, not Miami. People are not going to be lining up for lanes on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday night. At least NOT YET.

2. Do you validate parking? No, you don't. Not even an hour validation. Hell, CVS does even if we just buy a package of band-aids, but you don't. So we have to pay the $12 parking fee.  Throw us a bone here! We are Phoenicians who try to minimize walking in the heat. We like convenience but not at a steep price. Phoenician women also like to wear heels so why make them walk just to go to your establishment and spend AT LEAST $14 for the first game, $10 any additional games, and some change for libations and grub. You want us to patronize you, work with us. CVS did.

3. I know you're new but you gotta train your receptionists or the people who are tasked to answer the phones first. They are not rude, but they do sound clueless machines who will spew out the corporate answers to your questions. Just saying. A few almost sound as if they're "hot shit."

4. On your website, the dress code states: Head gear is not permitted. But it seems to me, fedoras are okay. Last I checked, a fedora is head gear. C'mon, don't be a hatist (as in HAT not HATE). Stick your policy and be fair. If you think a baseball cap might be gang-related...just remember the Mafias of yesteryears wore fedoras. If you're going to say "head gear," mean it and don't let your hosts make a subjective decision whether a hat is offensive or not. You're not god of head gears. (But do me a favor and kick out anyone wearing Ed Hardy caps.)

Lucky Strike, please understand that Phoenix is still learning that there is life after 5:30p.m. in the downtown area. We're not a tough crowd. I mean we're fascinated by flashing lights and air-conditioning. But we do need some coddling, some TLC. And when you "win us over," believe you me, we will be fierce followers. But the: 7-day advance reservation, no validated parking, the "we're hot shit" attitude might.and inconsistent dress code policy will not win us over. And I personally, would like for you to succeed here.

We Phoenicians are quite different form the LA, Miami, Denver, etc. people, so don't categorize us the way you would categorize them. We are fascinated with your right now--your concept is so hip and cool, we like it! But if you don't treat us right, it won't take us long to realize that at the heart of it all, you are just a bowling alley with soft-dim lights and air-conditioning.
Five stars for having the best meal value with recreational outlet during the lunch hour.  Your lunch outing will get you a great meal and a free game of bowling for only $5.50. Srsly!

I've done the lunch & bowl three times and each visit was easy breezy, just stick to the following:

Most people are there during their lunch hour so show up a little early to guarantee access to the next available lane. Sign up for your lane immediately upon arrival and order your meal as soon as your server checks in with you. Keep your game going and avoid stalling and lingering. Believe me, two players can get through a game and lunch within 45 minutes. Most importantly, just have fun!
Decided to take my newest man toy to Lucky Strike Lanes last night.  I know, I know...it is WAY out of the "orb", but sometimes you have to branch out.  It was a cool place, lot's of huge tv's, good music, pool tables and oh yeah, a full bar (bonus!)  My date and I arrived and it was happy hour (4 - 7pm and then again from 9 - 12am) so we decided to have a few beer to loosen up and get some food.   Domestic drafts on happy hour were only $2 and certain small plates are half off.  We had the hot pretzel rods that come with cheese, spicy mustard and garlic butter - they were yumo.  We had the hot spinach dip with tri-colored tortilla chips (not on happy hour but very good!) and a couple of the sliders.  The menu reads well and they have quite a bit to offer.  You could have dinner there, or just get some nibbles.  There were lots of appetizers to choose from and next time I will definitely try the fried macaroni and cheese bites (can it get any better than that!) and they had pizzas, salads, burgers, entrees, dessert.  After a beer, we decided oh yeah, we are here to bowl.  that was kind of a down side...it was $14 a game to bowl....kind of ouch, it's bowling!  I like that you get to sit in couches instead of hard plastic chairs, and the music and lighting is good, the shoes are new.....unlike the bright light of regular bowling alleys.  But, it is kind of hard to see the lanes??  Hence why on my second bowl, I actually struck the hard plastic thing that protects the pins because it hadn't lifted yet!  It was hillarious....and in my defense, it is dark!  Oh well, something to laugh about.  DO NOT park in the underground parking lot or the lot across the street, it is $12!  This isn't downtown San Fran for sake.  If you want upscale bowling...for sure head there!
I heard that Lucky Strike opened downtown several months back, but I'm not a huge bowler, so I didn't really think twice about it.  However, a few weeks ago, Jared got it in his head that he really wanted to go there...  So last Friday night, while at dinner, we texted Amber and Dallas  to see if they spontaneously wanted to join us for  drinks and bowling at Lucky Strike... and sure enough, they did!  (Gotta love the spontaneity!)

Unfortunately for us, we weren't the only ones in the mood to check out Lucky Strike; the place was packed with an hour wait when we arrived!  We stuck it out though, and despite being on the pricey side, we did end up having a ton of fun!  

A couple of rounds of drinks later, we finally did get a chance to bowl.  I was by far the worst bowler in our lane; (bowling is not my sport even sober).  Little known fact: Amber and Dallas are pretty serious bowlers... they both have their own bowling balls at home but they didn't bring them out with us this time.  

I am sure I'll return to Lucky Strike; I think it's a great new addition to CityScape downtown, but next time  I'll call ahead to reserve a lane... and I may even try to brush up on my bowling skills before I return (or not)!
Such a cool place and so glad to have it downtown at Cityscape!  They have a great happy hour with $3 wells and 1/2 price appetizers.  The pretzels with 3 dipping sauces are amazing and worth the visit alone!
Lucky me!!  I see a lot of trips to Lucky Strike in my future!  I have been a few times now and have decided I really like the place, but not just for the bowling.  I like Lucky Strike for the good food, the cool vibe, and the specials.  The bowling is just an added bonus; a little something to get you moving so you're not just sitting in the same spot drinking and eating.

The lunch specials are great and so are the happy hour deals.  Where else can you get a (really good) lunch for just over $5?  Not many places that I know of, especially in the downtown area.  And for those hard days at work when I just want to vent over a beer with coworkers, Lucky Strike is perfect!

As far as the food goes, the mini burgers are fabulous; we had the blue cheese burger (with arugula) and the buffalo chicken (grilled chicken, not "crispy" aka breaded and fried.)  The pretzel sticks are yummy as are the beef skewers even if they are little on the sweet side.

In addition to lunch and happy hour, I have also been on a Saturday night and had a great time.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND making reservations ahead of time.  It worked out perfectly and there was quite a wait (2 hours) when we were done.  Just make sure to round up all your friends as we needed more than 10 people to keep our reservation for two lanes. We bowled for two hours and hit the bar after that. Staff was very friendly and accommodating; mostly good looking girls in tank tops and short skirts.

Overall, Lucky Strike is a great addition to downtown.  A cool bar that has bowling, not a dirty, smoky, bowling alley.  Go for lunch, go for happy hour, or go for nighttime fun on the weekend.  Either way, I think you'll have a good time.
If you're a native, this is an entirely different bowling experience.  This place is awesome... the food was great, the service was friendly the place looks really cool.... I'm coming back soon.
I really like this place. There aren't that many lanes, so if you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night, call ahead and reserve your lane. 
This place has a lounge area with a good sized bar and couch area. Over where the 10 lanes are, there are about 4 pool tables, another bar, and another table and couches area. The end of the lanes have screens above them to watch sports or music videos. They play good music very loud. I had a really great time. 
My only complaint, we reserved lanes for 4 hours, and when the 4 hours was up, they wanted us out immediately. They started bussing the tables just taking drinks away. I was busy changing my shoes and didn't notice the busboy grabbed my drink. Excuse me, I just purchased that. I let him know that I understood they wanted us gone, but should ask the person sitting there which drink is theirs before throwing it away. As we were leaving, I was at the other table in our area and the busboy asks me if any of the drinks on that table were mine. I reminded him that he threw mine away and he should probably be asking that question to somebody else. It really annoyed me. 
I would definitely recommend it for a Sunday fun day. I didn't feel like we could really relax and have a good time on a Saturday because it was too busy and the staff was looking to make money rather than have their guests entertained.
I have been dying to come here for bowling and today we headed down after lunch. We parked in the garage under Cityscape and got our ticket validated which was nice. I noticed a sign near the entrance touting a $6 lunch and free game deal. That is awesome and if I was lucky enough to work downtown, that would be such a fun thing to do on your lunch hour. We were going to play one game which after two pairs of shoes had us at approx $17. Yikes! Luckily, my husband had this card that gave us an hour of bowling and shoes for free.  It turns out that we finished one game in 15 minutes. I would have been pissed to pay $17 for 15-20 minutes. My husband ordered a beer, me a water that tasted like flat sprite. Yuck when you are not expecting that. The server rectified it very quickly, though. I also ordered their pretzel snack that had 3 soft pretzel sticks with a trio of dips (cheese, mustard, and a garlic butter that intoxicated me with its smell). The app was $7 but I hear it is cheaper during happy hour (which they also have a reverse HH, by the way). My only beef with the app is it should be four instead of three pretzels since most people would split it with someone. Then you have the awkward "who will take the last one, or do we split it?"

The game was pretty fun and I would recommend getting an hour if you are going with a group. Thirty minutes was about right for the two of us and was two games. Call me a traditionalist but I would have liked to see the "tips" on the monitor telling us how to achieve that unattainable split. Instead, we get how fast our ball goes down the lane which I suppose is good to know for some people. 

Overall, I enjoyed myself but again, the game was free. For a brief moment, I thought it would be great to take the kids (during the day) but that would be very costly for a family of four to play 2 games. I'd like to come back at night and bowl then but I hear that it is extremely difficult to get a lane. I have heard that it is still a cool place to hang out even if you can't get a lane so I'll go again. I can't wait to have those pretzel snacks again...day-um!
I was very excited to check this place out but was unfortunately really disappointed in the experience. I went with friends this past weekend and while I expected it to be busy, I had no idea it would be as packed as it was. 

We went on the wait list at 7:30 for a lane and were told it should be an hour and a half, we were happy with that and went to get some food and drinks. Our waitress took 6 orders without writing anything down, when we said "wow that is amazing you can remember all that" she quickly told us how wonderful her memory is...we were all impressed....until we got our orders. Of the 6, 3 were messed up and when we nicely asked for things to be fixed she rolled her eyes and was very nasty. 

I worked in food service for years and believe that even if you are annoyed, you should never let the customer know that and NEVER roll your eyes in front of them. So after we got all that squared away and were 2 hours into our wait for a lane, we were told it would be at least another hour to bowl....lesson learned. We will not be back to Lucky Strike. The atmosphere was really cool but the service was so poor that it is not worth making the trip there for mediocre food and service with an attitude.
Wow this place is great. The whole atmosphere is unique. Bowling, bars, dj - it's an awesome idea. Only thing is on a Friday, it's super busy and takes along time to get a bowling lane.
We had an office party here Friday for our one-year anniversary.  So, being that I didn't have to pay for the games, shoes, or food, my review is based on my experience.  Just thought I'd get that out there so nobody reams me.  
We got the private room, which was really nice.  In fact, everything here was really nice: the decor, the people and, being that it's a new bowling alley, the shoes.  The shoes were still brand-new.  That's huge.
We had a TON of food!  Pot stickers, pizza, veggie trays.  Everything was great and tasted fresh.  It wasn't Sysco food.
The service was outstanding!  I'm not one of those people who says "outstanding" very often, but we were really taken care of well.
There's a nice lounge off the main room for people who just want to...go to the bowling alley to drink.  Do people really do that???  
I can't wait to get a group together to go again.  It's fun, it's Downtown and I'm excited about CityScape!
Great place to grab a quick bite before the game or the concert. They have a happy hour menu that has everything half off. We had 2 mini burgers and the chicken bites. Both were outstanding.

I'm not a drinker, but you can watch people bowl and watch the big game on the large screen TVs at the same time while you're eating.
It looks cool but the place was full of suburban douchebags and the wait for a lane was over 1.5 hours.  I will not wait to bowl.
Damn Lucky Strike Lanes
Had me insane in the membrane
Downing Patron, tasted like propane
Dancing like I got an ankle sprain

Live DJ spinning
21 and over winning
Neon, glowing balls pinning
Munchie menu for the feigning

Great place to par-tay
Don't be tardy
If you want to be a smarty
Cz the crowds be mighty hearty

Sexy, urban-lounge atmosphere
Can't talk dirty in my BF's ear
Music and vibe is loud and clear
Tis okay cz his lips are near

I love nights like these
Where waitstaff is eager to please
Naughty intentions are here to seize
Like laugh, drink, or get a hickey

Time to bowl and kid it up
Let loose and cut it up
Or dance and fire it up

Adults only playground
After 7pm, no kids are found
Get ready to chow down
And clown around

Tequila Influenced Gutter balls and I'm out ;)
I've read complaints about the service but my experiences, including a couple of stops during Lucky Strike's first week of operation, have all been four star-worthy. The only snafu I can recall is the back bar running out of clean pint glasses, which resulted in a completely benign wait. 

Perhaps my expectations aren't as stringent as other reviewers but I've found the waitresses and bar staff to be both competent and charming. Really, there's so much going on around you, what with bowling, club music, sports and pretty folk everywhere, who notices if the food is coming out slowly?

Speaking of the food, the price of the lunch and bowl special, which includes a choice of two sliders, fries, and free game of bowling, recently rose from 5 to 9 bucks but that was to be expected, plus it's still a really good value. The sliders (beef, pork sausage, chicken or tuna) are no joke and the fries, which come in modern stainless cups, are always hot and flavorful. I can't speak to the small plates, salads or pizza but I'll bet the menu redefines the words "bowling alley food."

Quick Tips: 1) Make sure you get on their mailing list to receive the food and bowling coupons; and 2) If you're planning a large party--corporate outing, birthday, whatever--make sure you call and try to work a deal. In this economy everything is negotiable.
Very cool place downtown in CityScape, love the idea, not your dad's bowling alley full of sweaty old men playing in league's. This is definitely built more around the lounge concept than bowling lanes. A great place to have a b-day party with friends, they have huge screens at the end of each lane that were playing college football games when we went. They stocked local brew from Four Peaks which is awesome.

The downside is the service wasn't the best but this is a new location so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that they will figure it out. Other than that we highly recommend checking it out, once CityScape is done it's gonna be great to hangout downtown.
I'm not complaning,  we just found the food and bowling to be over priced.   So for those that can afford it go ahead and enjoy :)
SOOO glad to have this in downtown PHX. Great vibe and decor complements a needed addition to PHX- an upscale bowling alley where I can do other stuff beyond bowling. 

Lanes are beautiful here and the televisions throughout the place makes it impossible to miss a play in a game.
Made plans to head over to Lucky Strike after hearing about it (3) times in one week: my girlfriend went with her work, it was highlighted on "Undercover Boss" and again on E's Kendra... it was time. We went on Friday, about 8pm and it was packed... but we didn't mind. We checked in and they said it would be about 2 hours until we got a lane... no problem, we grabbed a drink (me, a Coppola cab - the fiance, a Kiltlifter). His beer was fine, but the cab was SKUNKY. I let the bartender know and he swiftly opened a new bottle sans tude... I liked that.
We were waiting for (2) friends who arrived about 15 minutes later... about 10 minutes after that our buzzer alerted us the lane was open (so the (2) hour wait was really closer to 30 minutes. Not bad!
The atmosphere is super clubby, almost in a bizarre way. They have bouncers at the door and you literally get turned away if you don't meet the dress standards (no hoodies, baggy clothes or hats). Kinda weird, but in a way I get what they are trying to do.
The alley part is dark, with lounge style seating and super loud music. Very fun for bowling, but not ideal for convos. They have a little bar area with a DJ which is a bit quieter. 
We had apps, but they have a full menu. The pretzel dippers and boneless chicken wings were very tasty. 
Everyone had a great time, we'll definitely go again!
Went to Lucky Strike in Phoenix for the second time after my wedding reception last month...yes I bowled in my wedding dress! The staff was wonderful. They gave everyone in our party free shoe rentals and they game me a free dessert. The drink specials from 9-close are awesome. You won't find much better in downtown phoenix. The place is decorated great and has a really cool vibe. Even if you are not bowling, it is a fun place. Also, the manager/owner used to be my sister's soccer coach and he is awesome. They are a little particular about reserving lanes (can't reserve for Saturday until the Wednesday before) but I definitely recommend checking it out!
Lucky Strike is by far the best bowling alley I've ever been to.  The atmosphere is super cool and loungey, service is on point, really cool prints on the walls, great food (love the mini-burgers), and one of my favorite parts....giant TVs with sports on all over the place
I am the store manager of Urban Outfitters at CityScape, and we recently had our store's Holiday Party here...let me say that Lucky Strike was more than accommodating, highly recommended!
This place is awesome! For bowling, drinking or eating! But the bowling is a plus!! The ambience and colors inside are fabulous so you feel more like you are walking into a club than a bowling alley, but very cool. The menu is WAY better than it has to be. You should not expect traditional pizza and fries at this place. The bar tender Teddy makes great drinks and Buddy, well I don't really know what Buddy does, but he's very friendly! This is a great place for a date, a double date, a party or even for happy hour. The hosts are not overly friendly but that isn't that surprising. Overall fun and beautiful! Good times!
The waitstaff was outstanding! Really friendly and made sure we had what we wanted. They were also really accomodating with us bringing our own birthday cake- providing us with plates & silverware. 

The bowling itself was great fun, but getting to that point was a real hassle. Trying to reserve 2 lanes the Saturday before Christmas was difficult (even though I started trying like 3 weeks ago), but they managed to accomodate us for an hour before their contracted parties came in- but this took persistence with a few phone calls and schedule juggling with my party time. 

The most annoying part was trying to get started bowling once we got there. They wouldn't let us pay until right when we were to get started. I was told beforehand to come in 15 minutes before our reserved time to get set-up with the names & shoes but what actually happened was once I paid, our hour started (although I did have time to try and guess all of the people that would show so they could enter the lineup). We had to rush to get our shoes, the names were already ready entered on the lineup and we had to shuffle to get things rolling. It was a bit chaotic.

If reserving lanes in advance here, I would definitely recommend that you know exactly how many are showing up & make sure they are all there on time. There really isn't any flexibility for latecomers or unexpected guests.

Also, finding it was a little difficult- we had to cut through the CVS and then go upstairs. And they say they validate parking, but keep in mind, it's only for an hour.

We ended up staying after our bowling finished, and found the lounge to be really comfortable. It was happy hour and the prices were great for the food they served. The food was really good- we had the macaroni & cheese bites (bite sized triangles, not too greasy), pretzel sticks (soft & fresh with 3 dipping sauces) & sliders (really flavorful).

Overall, I liked the place and  would love to come back-- but without the pressure of trying to throw a party.
Sunday happy hour 4pm to 7pm! I am there. I mean the prices were GREAT! The appetizers were all half price and the drinks depending on what you got ranged from $2 to $5. I had a mini crabcake sandwich, which also came with fries, a glass of blue moon and a noshed on some pretzel sticks that my friend order. OH DEAR LORD! I was either starving or the food was that good. Considering the fact that I just finished trying to ice skate (which was pretty comical) I will say that I was hungry. Everything came out piping hot, our waiter was great and the company I was fabulous. I will be back soon to definitely try my hand at bowling, preferable during happy hour of course!
It's loud, it's crazy, it's SO FUN!!! I enjoy bowling but this is so much more. We had some wine and a couple appetizers while I destroyed my wife in bowling (snicker). It's a bit tough to get in so be sure to call first and make a reservation, if you can. Mostly good for the family. I mean, there's drinking, and semi-tightly-dressed waitresses and such but it's really not too bad IMHO. Our waitress was new in town and we had all these great conversations about the area. She made some perfect food suggestions and was super awesome in every way. A great place to go, I promise!

If you can bring enough people with you to book both lanes in your little booth area, I would suggest that. We shared our booth with this other group we didn't know and they were nice and all but kept making out with each other (there were 3 couples) right in front of our table. Of course, our table faced their lane. A little off-putting but not enough to not come back. Next time though, we will book in advance and make sure to bring non-make-out-in-front-of-you type friends. lol!
I was very excited to check this place out...anything to make Phoenix a better place to live. But it was very disappointing. We made a reservation which they lost. The receptionist at the front desk was unapologetic and acted helpless. Our waitress was terrible. A young Russian girl with short blond hair who didn't smile, didn't make eye contact, and didn't want to take our order. I guess it was the end of her shift because before we could complain, Nicole came on shift. She was the best thing about our whole experience. She was prompt and friendly. The manager, Buddy, did come over to apologize about our reservation, apparently the girl who took our request made it for the wrong day...he stated this was not the first time this had happened. BTW we received nothing complimentary for our inconvenience and their lack of customer service. Don't waste your money...go to a real bowling alley. Also, the bathrooms were sad.
The Lucky Strike has been our go-to to kick off nights downtown. The atmosphere and crowd are very fun. The bartenders were very friendly when I asked about a new drink recommendation and the waitresses were very prompt and kept a good eye on my party. The DJ was great as many of us noted were noting through the night the good mix of music being played. I have yet to have had any complaints about my time here!
The lighting. It's the lighting.

Whomever did the lighting design for Lucky Strike deserves an award. The lighting makes the place, even more than the furniture and colors. You walk into this subdued nightclub-seeming space, totally devoid (it seems) of any florescent tubes. Instantly your expectations are thrown off. Wasn't this supposed to be a bowling alley? It looks more like a martini bar or gallery or something. . . 

And truth be told it probably works better as a martini bar and gallery than as a bowling alley.

As a bowling alley it's small in most dimensions. There are -- I believe-- 8 lanes. The approach area for each lane is adjacent to the ball-returns, which is a bit off-putting for those used to more ample spaces. And as bowling goes (at $4 per game) it's a bit expensive. The furniture is soft and comfy--in addition to being retro-chic modern--but with 8 people playing per lane there really isn't enough of it. 

We were told by the staff that first of all, we would need to bowl in teams of 8 per lane. That's understandable, and didn't pose much of a difficulty among our group of 16. However, the payment for the games could only be split into a maximum of two transactions. That meant that we needed to pay two people with cash who then bought our bowling fun in a sort of straw sale.  Inconvenient, especially considering that 4 or 5 people suddenly needed to run to an ATM and probably pay a 3-dollar fee. Is there another way to handle it? Probably.

Then there are the laughable intellectual property regulations. We were told we couldn't take pictures of each other inside because everything inside is copyrighted. Well . . . y'know. . . . in this day of cell-phone cameras and fast CCD's that don't need flashes . . . well . . . I'VE GOT YOUR COPYRIGHT RIGHT HERE, PAL!!! Let me just say "f*cking lawerly morons" and leave it at that. 

I ordered a martini that really wasn't too bad. Nothing to write home about. I think it came in at $9. It really wasn't worth that. I noticed others enjoying sliders and pretzels that looked good.

So what you get at Lucky Strike is a sanitized bowling experience with new equipment in a very nicely lit space. It's probably better as a date experience than for larger groups. And I think ironic urban hipsters have probably found their new home in downtown Phoenix.
I'm totally digging Lucky Strike.  It is sleek, urban, and sexy  - strange for a bowling alley, but I can't think of a better way to describe the vibe there.  I almost felt weird bringing my kid with me to bowl, since the place felt so grown-up.  Luckily, we picked a kid-friendly time (Sunday morning), and the place was nearly empty.

We had fantastic service from everyone - the hostess, the guy who checked us in, and our waitress.  Our waitress was particularly awesome.  She didn't even bat an eye when our 4-year-old knocked over a glass of water.  I was happily surprised at how welcome they made us feel.  We sampled the Parmesan and Herb Fries, which were tasty, but I was wishing for more herbs and less cheese.  Maybe an interesting dipping sauce?  The menu looked interesting, especially compared to typical bowling alley food.  Looking forward to a return visit that includes a full meal!

The only downside is the price - $28 (not including food) for 3 of us to bowl one game, with shoe rental.  Maybe it is just my lack of recent bowling experience, but that seemed pretty high to me.  Luckily, the service and atmosphere made up the difference, and we won't hesitate to return.
UPDATE:

I'll tell you this much: Lucky Strike does listen to customers and take customer service seriously.

Shortly after this review, I got a nice note from their corporate headquarters apologizing for a not-so-good experience, and that's all I needed. I dig a company who acknowledges that there is always room to better serve their customers. I've been back to Lucky Strike many times (for lunch, for dinner, for a lazy Sunday) since then and there is definite improvement in phone manners and in handling customers' questions.

More importantly, Phoenix management went above and beyond for me on  a busy Friday night. I didn't expect an agreeable response, I simply thought there was no harm in asking, and management surprised me with an excellent solution.

And that excellent solution made a new mom/birthday girl very happy.

Fist bump to PHX management and staff.

Now if they can only do something about my game, I'd be set.
I new it would be a fun night as soon as I walked into this place!  Great upscale atmosphere.  Makes bowling fun!  Huge screen TVs at the end of each lane.  The menu and food is great! Service was fantastic, never waited for anything.  We had a group of 10 and we all had a great experience!
Fun times! I went here for a friend's birthday bash. It was a Tuesday and the place was packed with hot downtown folk! Men in suits having fun and not minding us girls in jeans and baseball caps! The atmosphere was surprisingly welcomg. Not pretentious. We went during happy hour and the food was fab for the price. Pretzels and wings were yummy. The 2 buck beers kept us hydrated. Oh and the bowling was fun, too. Waiter was a great sport...we were typsy and a tad obnoxious but he never fret about it. We left before the velvet ropes came up outside. The DJ was setting up on the side and the mingling singles replaced us and the businessmen with their weekedn outfits and cologne!

The 411 on the time frame and deals we scored:
Daily Happy Hour
4-7PM
Join us for food & drink specials. Drinks incl: $2 Domestic drafts, $3 Well Drinks, $4 House Wines, and 1/2 off selected menu items.

Dress: college tee to business tie
Yup still a fan. I have been back here so many times and everyone really is pretty nice. I still have not bowled but I have watched others have a grand ole time at it. Me, I come for the yummy sliders, pretzel sticks, and the fries. Although I have had to send my fries back on a few occasions because they have come out either cold or not fresh, meaning that you can tell that they had been sitting out and they tried to re-fry them to make them fresh. FAIL! You try to pass out refried fries to a fry freak like me. Just won't work buddy but good try.

All in all, its a great place to come and hang out and eat and drink for pretty cheap. Maybe one of these days, I will actually bowl.
Today I had the club sandwich for lunch and it was without a doubt one of the top five sandwiches of my lifetime. A club sandwich seems easy enough to master but Lucky Strike threw an egg on top and change the game. Mind = Blown. Also, I had been a little underwhelmed by the service in visits past but today everything went nice and smooth. Your stock is rising, Lucky Strike!
I made a reservation for this place a week in advance. left a voicemail and the host gave me a call back right away and reserved my party.That's a plus! We came a little bit late because we were driving in from California but we were only 15 mins late. however the host still allowed us to keep the reservations. Another plus! 

The clerk , did a poor job in explaining the rules. When we walked in at 9:30 She told us that we could play as many games within the hour. when you purchase time. But they didn't make us finish our game nor did they make us finish our time. So I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager and he (Kevin Stone) took his own sweet time to come speak to us while he was talking on the phone. It was soo long that we had to walk up to him and stare at him for 5 more mins until he noticed that we were standing there. 

However,   recently the Marketing Coordinator or lucky strikes contacted me on yelp and was really sorry about my incident. She agreed to give me 2 hours of play time back.  

That  was great on their part. Lucky strikes has definately changed my mind about there customer service. The marketing rep has gone above and beyond and I really appreciated that establishment. So I changed my rating from 1 star to 4 stars. 

Kudos to Lucky Strikes and looking forward to giving them another chance.!!
Never knew this place existed until a friend introduced it to me... On the night of my "birthday" gathering!  
Wow!  Very cool place in Phoenix!  Who knew!  
We went fairly late after hitting Sens in Downtown PHX, so we didn't have a chance to bowl too much, but it was a place everyone enjoyed and said "we need to do this again!"  

They have a bar, which seemed decently priced, 7-8 dollars for Vodka/Redbull and 14 dollars for a bucket of Millers, I believed included 5 longnecks.  

Go check it out!
I've always had a great time at Lucky Strike - the food is good, the service is fantastic and the place is really cool and different.  It's nice to have an unscheduled, unticketed event/thing to do for the first time in downtown's history.  

Crazy, funny, hilarious Nicole and Daveon are always helpful and on top of it - there's another server, with short curly hair and a cute pierced lip that's amazing too.

My only gripe is seeing a dress code - this is kind of weird to see in Phoenix, especially downtown, where people are hipsters and scenesters and just urban folks.  If people aren't dressed appropriately, they're going to feel uncomfortable, and I don't know about you, but I *want* to know who the problematic people are by how they look when they walk in.  Heck, even when I've been to the opera, symphony, theater, etc people are dressed in shorts and t-shirts sometimes.

What would make it better?  More things to do - I'd love to see a wall of pinball machines - pinball rocks.

Also, making Cityscape more interesting would help too - there needs to be more to do at Cityscape.... put in a Sega GameWorks.... get things to do that are unique and don't require special advance planning.  Be more urban, this isn't Kierland Commons.  Put in a giant building filled with apartments, downtown needs more residents or these businesses aren't going to last through summer of 2012, guaranteed.

Still, a 5 star experience...
Came here on a Sat. afternoon for a 4 year old birthday party . . . can you say 'swanky' and 'cool'?!  The atmosphere there is the bomb! Apparently, for one set price per child, they will be unlimited refills of drinks and food for the party~ which is perfect if you have teenagers who don't blink twice at having 10 hot dogs!
 
We had a table laddened with hot dogs, fries, pizza, popcorn, potato chips~ talk about a kid's food heaven! 

We were situated at the last lane which was perfect, the kids could run around safely while the adults lounged around and have adult conversation.  They have a full menu and full bar to satisfy any adult's appetite.

I took a tour of the place and became very excited by the vibe of the place (sleek, modern, new, clean . . . ) that I wanted to bring all of my friends here to have a good time that I texted a group of my friends right then and there about having a night out!

The waitresses were great~ very friendly and told me that on Friday and Saturday nights the a DJ comes and spins cool tunes~ she says the place gets packed so make sure to make reservations for a lane. (They have pool tables too.)

What a great addition to downtown Phx . . . would not be surprised if Tarantino shoots a scene at this lounge . . . this place is that cool.
I live downtown so any bowling I can walk to and stumble home from is just perfect. We tend to bring out international/out of town visitors there for a fun night out on weekdays. All in all bowling there is fun, but expensive. I've not been on a weekend yet, I wonder if they really uphold those crazy dress codes. (check their site)

The pros:
- It makes downtown Phoenix more awesome. 
- It's nice looking inside, clean and upscale appearance and decor
- They have fun promos with the green pin (waitress witnesses you knock it down when it's pin 1 and you get a free app, etc).
- The waitresses are usually great and friendly

The cons: 
- It is really expensive bowling.
-The shoes still smell even tho it's upscale
-The house wine wine tastes like it came straight from a box, legit. It's so so so bad and at $6/glass or $4/glass/happy hour you'd hope for it to not be truly crappy wine. I wish they would kick it up a notch and get a bubbly on that list. They clearly make enough $$ off the bowling to afford to have wine that matches their dress codes. 
- We've had a few, ahem, special waitresses who made their problems our problem or who left us thirsty for close to an hour. Thirsty bowlers are bad bowlers.
Planned a bowling night for 8 of my friends.  Called a couple days before to check to see if I needed to reserve a lane.  I was told reservations are only for groups who purchase a food & beverage package and that I should get there about 7:15/7:30 and put my name on the list for 8PM bowling time.  Arrived at 7:20 and was told no lanes would be available till 9:30/10.  Texted my friends to come around 9.  Ordered an ice tea at the bar (DD for the night) and was told there was a $10 minimum.  My bowling pager went off just after 8PM.  There was a cancellation and my lane was ready.  Unfortunately, only 2 of my friends were there.  We were informed that it's $50 per lane per hour and you have to decide right then how many hours you want to bowl and you must prepay.  They can only split the bill 2 ways (so make sure you/r friends bring cash).  The three of us ended up bowling for 1 hour and with shoe rental, it ended up $68.  Needless to say my other friends didn't make it in time to join us and they didn't end up getting a lane until after 10.

Bottom line, Lucky Strike is pretty cool, but definitely overpriced and chaotic if your group isn't all there and ready to wait for your lane.  It could be really fun if your group is willing to dole out the dough and get a food & bev package so you can actually make a reservation and bowl when you want to.  It seems a bit out of place, being Downtown.  Lucky Strike would rock in Old Town.  I will not be back, on my own dime at least.
Dropped in with some friends.  The lanes were all taken, so we went over to the pool tables to play some pool.  They were busy too, so a couple of us went over to try and 'win' a table from people who were there.  I normally enjoy playing pool, but didn't feel like it on this particular evening.

The pool tables seemed to be in good shape and there is adequate room, but with people walking by, it can get a bit annoying to deal with them interfering with the shot.....the traffic flow can be improved.

There's a bar area with a lounge on the side of the bowling alley and the floor of the alley is eye level, so it's kind of cool to watch the bowling action from that vantage point.

Overall, it's a pretty cool place.  Would like to come back again.

Return Factor - 90%
My first experience here was short, sweet, and to the point. It was pleasurable. In other words, I had been eagerly anticipating a return.

My second experience was cause enough to never return. 

Picture this- there were perhaps 10-20 patrons in attendance, and mind you, 'twas about 1:15AM when we arrived. We had no intent to bowl as they have a spectacular looking bar that actually showcases local artists' works (I'd give them more than two thumbs up if I physically could for this) so the idea was to grab a few cocktails. Service was lackadaisical at best even though we were the only ones at the bar itself.

The epic fail that we ran headfirst into was the extreme absence of management, poor salesmanship on behalf of the bartenders, and the uber extremism of the  "bouncers." Unfortunately whenever there are a bunch of guys behind me yelling at me to "get out" after the bartender has just delivered a drink, I am going to be a bit frustrated. By the way, it was still before 2:00AM.

Ultimately it's a shame. As I was walking out I told one of the "bouncers" that I would never be back, to which he replied, "It's no skin off my back." For a service-based business in downtown Phoenix to have such a blatant disregard for any patronage they may acquire is simply dumbfounding. I live a few blocks away and whole-heartedly wanted this place to be a "go to" spot for when friends and family from other parts of the valley and from out of state visit, but if the "bouncers" are the only voice here then I would prefer to give my business to anywhere besides Lucky Strike.
last night 5/20 i went to my friend's birthday bash held at Lucky Strikes. Upon walking into Lucky Strikes it struck me that it didn't feel like a bowling alley but rather a huge roomy club. The music was happening, there was a dj by the side bar/lounge and as you walked up the stairs/ramp it led you to a cavernous room where the bowling lanes were situated as well another bar/lounge area and two billiard tables. The overall atmosphere and decor of this place makes it a go-to destination and something central Phoenix really needed. Anywho, my friend reserved two lanes for 120 minutes, each lane was $49.99/hr and she included us in a drink package of unlimited beer and wine for $22 excl tax. let's say the unlimited drinkage helped my bowling game or lack thereof. I've never felt that pro-ish, the tipsiness really gave me courage to give it my all! liked the dj, it was a healthy mix of dance ripped top 40 with old school hip hop... it really lent a true party experience to my friend's birthday bash as well as the overall vibe of the place. BUT one thing that annoyed me with lucky strikes was the music volume, it was LOUD! now, don't get me wrong I go out to the clubs in old town and I'm used to LOUD but a club with friends is not a conversation/social experience, albeit social but i go out to the clubs to drink and get my dance on. But at a bowling alley during down times like waiting for your turn, drinking your beer, there are times you might like to chat with your friends but with the music volume, it's too loud that you spend the time nodding your head and agreeing to something you did not hear =( and it ends up being a shouting fest like, "What?!? you said what?!? huh? No... i did not buy this shirt from..., OH you said you like my shirt?! ok!! thank you! (other person - what?!?) give up, thumbs up!" 

Oh, food wise well it's upgraded bowling alley food with presentation if there's such a thing. lol. we ordered a basket of Parmesan herb fries $7.5 which was a large basket and the mac & cheese bites $6 which were quite bland but cheesy and was a good serving size. Overall, I liked the place, it's a great place for a birthday and everything is professional and appealing. Oh and don't forget to get your parking validated before you leave, it HELPS!
My girlfriend and I were so excited to come here a few weeks ago since we have had fun in the past. Unfortunately, this time it was a bit of a letdown. We got there at 6:30pm and for an hour, it was $50 or $60...so expensive! Not bad if there are a number of you but there was only two of us and that time, you HAVE to purchase an hour. Okay, fine, not a big deal. We sit down and our lane didn't work as the hour is ticking down. You would think there is something that automatically notifies the employees that the lane has malfunctioned but I guess not. I notified the girl and they moved us to lane 11 which is second from the last lane. I know things happen, so that didn't really bother me. As we are bowling though, we were so hot and sweating! I was practically parked by the fan on the equipment that cools your hands. I started getting nauseous because I was so warm. When I mentioned this to our server (because I was concerned the AC was broken on that end of the floor), she agreed it was hot but that always happens when they raise the shades on the windows. She said the windows get so hot that even when the sun sets, it keeps that side really warm. I asked her to notify the manager because the heat had made us really uncomfortable. She said she would but we never got a visit or apology from the manager. Frustrating. If you know that is an issue then turn up the issue in that particular zone. I do not expect to pay that much for an hour of bowling to sweat my ass off the whole time. That is ridiculous. 

On a positive note, the service was good and they had a great happy hour during the time we there. For two apps and a beer, our bill was approx $10. I felt like that really balanced out the price of bowling during happy hour. 

Will I go back? Likely. But it is a shame that I'll have to picky about what lane we go to which might limit our ability to even get a lane. We'll see...
The food and service were great, but the music was so loud you couldn't talk without yelling, but it was a Saturday night, I can understand that. What really got to me though was the lanes were not properly waxed so you couldn't slide and it would seem the AC was broken. My friends and I kept going outside to cool down. Several of us asked for the AC to be turned down and we were told the AC was broken, which is horrible is Phoenix. Overall I'd go to party there, but as a bowling alley, I'd go somewhere else.
This is such an awesome concept with so much potential! I like the idea of a trendy, downtown bowling alley with a hip bar and snazzy feel. (I also love old school bowling alleys as well- especially the bars...top notch!) 

Anyhow, Lucky Strike looks really cool. The main point being "LOOKS". When you actually touch something and focus, this place is made of complete crap. It just looks nice because it is new. The balls are cheap and generic. The floor, lanes and light fixtures are worse than Ikea. They have little plastic stools that probably cost a buck. Give this place a little wear and the poor quality will start to show. There also aren't a lot of lanes? The bar/restaurant area is bigger than the actual bowling alley portion. Hopefully the entrance is finally completed because we had to walk up some creepy closed in stairwell strewn with old food. 

If you are going to charge over 20 bucks for two hours of bowling and attempt to be snazzy and upscale, then commit to that. 

We went around happy hour time and they had some "deals" if you want to call them that. The glasses of wine were so very tiny. About a half a glass each. Our server was nice, but really slow. So we would order another drink as soon as she brought one so it would time out (about 15 min between). I don't really get it either since we were the only people bowling. Better hope you aren't a Vegetarian because your only option on the menu we had was soft pretzel sticks. At least they were really tasty and had nice presentation. 

This place has good potential for sure. Come and enjoy. I just don't think the quality is worth the cost. .
Generic Lucky Strike atmosphere.  Nice crowd.
Finally got around to checking this place out on a Saturday night. Hmmm, let's start at the beginning...reservations are recommended, you are assigned a concierge (unnecessary), you check in to get shoes and they imput your party's names so you don't have to fiddle around with that (nice touch. Wait did I just say fiddle, damn I'm getting old) however the check in boy seemed like he didn't enjoy his job.

A server brings you drinks...and she checks on you tons (cha-ching)!
Atmosphere is great and  there is lounge vibe all around with fun music (they have a dj). Like that they showcase art from the local scene. And a first for me to see a bowling alley with  windows. The temperature (and the shoe guy) in this place knocked my rating down to a 3 star. It was a bit warm and we asked our "concierge" to fix that, she said they lowered it but we couldn't tell. 

We were just there for funsies but it looked like a few celebrations were going on, so it seems like a good place for groups. The food looked good too, but we didn't partake.
This review is only based on the bar area/happy hour. Although this review is negative, I will defiantly be returning for bowling which I know will be an awesome experience.

So my hubby and I went yesterday afternoon (A Saturday) to check out happy hour. I had read on their website that they do Happy Hour everyday of the week from 4-7 with drink specials and some 1/2 priced menu items. The decor is amazing and we love how you can watch the lanes while hanging out in the bar. We sat down and as soon as the waitress saw us, I picked up the menu and asked "Is this the happy hour menu?" And she said "Yes, it is all 1/2 priced" Perfect. My husband and I both got a well mixed drink. It was fine. However, our bartender/waitress was throwing off a weird vibe (I don't know how to explain it, but she made us feel uncomfortable and barely said a word to us) so we decided to just have the one drink and leave. We paid and after exiting, we saw the sign that had their happy hour specials listed which said $3 well drinks. We both got well drinks but were charged $5 for each drink. I understand that we sat down about 8 minutes before 4pm that day but after remembering that the first thing I asked the bartender was about their happy hour specials, you would assume you would get happy hour prices or she would tell you that she would have to wait until after 4pm to honor the prices if their pos system worked that way. I know it is only $4 but I think it is just common courtesy to say something.
I had a nongoing feud with Lucky Strike. That is, they didn't really know about it until about a year later but, on Facebook, I tried to dissuade people from going there because of their policy denying fashion defining jorts (mens jeans shorts). 

That said, Gabi and Jared invited us for a bowl/drink and all was forgiven when you go somewhere (ANYWHERE) with Royalty. 

I got so sloppy drunk. Gabi says we're serious bowlers, and while that may be true in the most proudly white trash sense, that night I could not see straight. Nor bowl. Jared likely benzodiazepined me. 

I would describe Lucky Strike like this: Scottsdale type crowd, very reasonably priced drinks, and very, very expensive bowling.
Thank You SO Much Jacqueline!!!

Our friends enjoy Lucky Strike and wanted to have a little get together for a Birthday. The group consisted of more than 15 people. The two lanes were more than enough for all of us. There was a great seating area just behind the two lanes we reserved where the few that decided not to bowl were able to relax chit/chat and of course enjoy an adult beverage. 

The wait staff floated through the many lanes with ease which was much appreciated. I almost forgot to mention the fact that there were NO KIDS ALLOWED after 8:30pm!!!
Lots of fun but ridiculously over priced!!!!!
I haven't even visited and I'm disappointed.  I wanted to celebrate my wife's birthday there, so I filled out their online form, almost a full 3mos in advance.  I was sent an initial email by the "Coordinator" with party packages, and wrote me to let her know if I had any questions, or wanted a quote.  I HAD questions, AND wanted a quote.  Now here I am, about less than 2weeks from my wife's Bday, and yet, NO response.  They must be doing really well to let good money and repeat business walk away.
I need to update my last review......Since my last entry, the staff read what I had wrote, and went thru the trouble to contact me.  They sincerely apologized for the mishap and rushed to get me a quote for my event.  I want to thank Brandon and Jackie for their efforts, and let them know I'll keep Lucky Strikes in mind for the next event.
Lucky Strike has lunch and a game of bowling for only $10.  The menu has recently changed for lunch, and the grilled cheese sandwich wasn't very good, however, I had such a good time taking an hour for lunch with friends, that this is still a 5 star review.  

Lucky Strike is most famous for its nightlife, but I prefer lunch for pricing and It wasn't very busy.  So we didn't have any problem getting any lanes for lunch.  

I am headed there again this week to show friends new to the valley.  I will trying the chicken sandwich, since it looked the best.
Don't care for the bowling but I love the sliders here.
Expensive drinks, mediocre food, and overpriced lane charges force Lucky Strike Lanes to fight for my approval right out of the gates.  The concept is dead on, but you'll definitely end the evening of fun with a lighter wallet to go along with your sore arm.  The music and layout was certainly the highlight and I had a blast hanging out with all my friends.  Bottomline - if you want to bowl, drink, and eat and it has to happen at the same venue, Lucky Strike is your place.
What I love best about this place, is that when you are hanging out in the VIP room and your gazing out of the huge wall of windows, you feel like you might be in New York for a second.

I wouldn't say this place is really a bowling alley, but more of just a club, but it is still a fun place to go. I didn't have to pay for anything when I was here because I was a company party, so I can't say if I would have paid for this again, but I did have a good time while I was there.

The drinks were pretty weak, but the food was pretty good and the atmosphere is fun. Plus there is a lot of great places in walking distance.
Only 8 lanes and they are over priced.
Hate the concept of reserving lanes.
Decent music and crowd.
Cool place... I don't bowl but a friend had a b-day party here. Liked the setup, I'd go back.
This place was exactly as expected! Decent food, great happy hour in an upscaleish bowling alley. It's a great addition to a downtown scene saturated in bars and restaurants. I love that it brings something a little different to downtown. I definitely can see myself meeting up here with friends in the future.
Is it just me or is the VIP room sexy as hell?  I love this place.

This Mamacita can hit pins, let me tell ya.  I love bowling but bowling alleys can be so disappointing.  Not this place.  I had one of the best times ever at this alley.  The service was great, everyone was helpful and attentive.  Drinks were concocted to perfection.  The music was great - we were dancing around, good times.

I can't wait to go back!
Not your average bowling alley!  This is the kind of place you want to go bowling with friends and not your kids really.  They have an awesome bar and a contemporary look.  Their servers wear tiny little booty shorts, hence not really a place for kids.
I had the pizza and the cesar salad.  Both were only ok.  Pizza was kind of greasy and I like when my cheese is a little more browned.  I was there for a work event, so the I only had one drink.  It tasted good, but not strong at all.  This may sound weird, but the shoes were actually somewhat comfortable. 
When my friends wanted to order something else, it took forever to flag our server down.  Getting the check back took some time too.
My boyfriend and I were on a date Sat night.. Went to stand up live 1st, then after to lucky strike for a drink.  My boyfriend ordered a vodka tonic... WEAK.. So he ordered a double.. willing to pay whatever.. As the girl made the drink.. I did a drink count with her.. (I have been in the service for 16 years) She just put in a larger glass, and did a 3 count.. I asked her about it and she said she did a six count.and if we wanted more she would have to charge for a double plus another drink... girl plzzzz. I watched you...learn how to count!... Rude service!! ! I'll stay at Copper Blues.Thanks
Been to LS in Phoenix a few times. Everything from a party of 25 (with kids) to a group of 4 entertaining out-of-towners.

Each time was a success but that success comes with a price. 

The bowling  is expensive. $40 per hour for the lane plus shoes; we dropped $60 before we even ordered our first drink. That being said, you're paying for atmosphere and the decor is great, as is the service. Very attentive and they seemed nonplussed by the children running around. That's always nice (sometimes you just have to bring them along and kids love to bowl, right?)

Their menu is impressive as well. When my foodie friends come to town and decide against bowling because they hate "bowling alley food", this is a great option because this is definitely a few notches above typical alley fare! My favorite items are the Pretzel Dippers and the Chicken Pillows. Burgers are quite tasty as well. My husband had a salad that was spicy and satisfying. Food and drink prices are reasonable.

I've never been to their happy hour, but am planning an outing in the near future!
I had the short ribs...If you like short ribs this is a must try here??  Yes at a bowling alley the short ribs was delicious and the Parmesan Bread pudding was an unexpected treat.  I finished this plate and for a fair price of $15!  
Not an avid bowler so I sat it out with my group and just had beer and food.  Great place for a large crowd to mingle or in our case a birthday party.  Great music, video screens, and watching drunk people bowl is great entertainment :)
This review update is for the food only.  I ordered the short rib since I had not eaten a thing all day, so a hardy dish was what I was craving.  OMG!  I never would have imagined how good it would be.  The short rib melted in your mouth.  The Parmesan bread pudding was wonderful.  A little on the salty side, but I LOVE salt!
When I walked in to Lucky Strike, I immediately noticed the bar to my left. It was  a very long bar with a ton of stools as well as a few tables. I almost liked the bar area more than the bowling area, because it was so roomy. The lanes, on the other hand, were pretty ridiculously crowded.

First off, there weren't that many lanes. While there were also several pool tables in the building, the actual bowling area was pretty small, with only a dozen lanes. Each lane had some couches and additional stool seating behind the lanes, but to get by everyone at your lane, you really had to wiggle around them because the couches were so close to the balls. It was incredibly awkward and forces you to get super-close to the people you're with.

Also, while there were some televisions broadcasting sports above the lanes, one of the screens simply scrolled through random pieces of art. I much rather would have watched music videos of the songs that were playing (which were not good, by the way-Jamiroquai, seriously?!). The whole art thing was sort of bizarre to me and actually made the place seem less hip.

The crowd there, surprisingly, was mostly suits who probably came straight from work. I was surprised the place was as busy as it was. While our lane waitress was super-friendly, service was really slow, and someone in our party said it almost would have made more sense just to walk to the bar ourselves for drinks.

Prices vary depending on times and days, but if you're going to bowl Friday and Saturday nights after 6 p.m., it'll cost a whopping $39.95 per lane per hour. That, to me, is ridiculous when so many other lanes have unlimited cosmic bowling (with good music and music videos) for only $20 a person. Don't go to Lucky Strike-try Scottsdale Lanes instead.
Came here on a Saturday night for a birthday gathering.

I was pretty impressed with this place:
A) Along with the bowling area, there's a bar with pool tables, and a lounge section with a window facing the lanes where you can people watch.
B) A live DJ played songs and mixed videos on the screens throughout the establishment. I liked the songs he was playing, and also takes requests if you want to hear something specific or change the genre.
C) The waitresses are attentive, and don't mind splitting checks. Make sure you tell them beforehand to avoid any confusion.

**Bonus Points**
Rack City came on, and one of the girls bowling next to us bent over and made her booty clap. I didn't even need to give her a dollar!

So, why only three stars?! Well, there's one REALLY big caveat to this place. Everything was clean with exception to the men's bathroom. It smelled like urine. Not just ordinary urine, but the kind you piss out when you've been drinking a little too much. GROSS. Annnnd it's all over the floor. Management -- please do something about this.

As long as you avoid the bathroom (if you're a man), you'll have fun here.
This is solely a review just on the bar:
Paid $17.50 for a washington apple and a redbull with vodka. 2 drinks, small cups, about 12 icecubes in these cups too making it about a 10 sip drink. Definitely never going back here to drink at the bar...could have bought a whole bottle of vodka for that. No wonder we only saw 2 other couples there haha, should have guessed.
I really like going here for their "lunch and bowl" deal.  Its about $10  for lunch, a drink and a game.  The food is decent, although the service has been a bit iffy.  Usually you can be in and out within an hour...which is perfect for lunch.
I've been to Lucky Strike a few times and have loved it. I usually sit in the bar or lounge area with great service. However based on my last time there, I will probably not go back. I was there for lunch, and our server was great and telling us she was about to relocate. We wished her luck and told her that she would be hard to replace. Then out of no where this guy was behind the bar(i'm guessing a manager), said "no she's not hard to replace". Are you kidding me!!!!!! This is how management treats their staff? After I ate, I asked the server if I could see the manager. She told me she would be right back to go look for him. About 10 min later, she came back and told me the manager didn't have time to speak with me. This is absolutely crazy!!!!!! I definitely won't be back, and will tell my friends not to go there, even though the service and food is good. There are plenty of places  in downtown to support where the management treats their staff properly.
I went to Lucky Strike last week for a work outing. I had never been before so I was excited to check it out. It is definitely fancier than the VFW-like bowling alleys I'm used to. 

Full bar & food options were great. The servers were all really nice & super quick with drink orders. There were so many places to sit or stand it never felt overly crowded, which was really nice. Even the music was awesome! 

Not sure on pricing, but I can only assume it's pricey since it's so nice. It'd be a fun place to go back with a group of friends, though!
I organized a company event here a few weeks ago with a blind eye, since I had never been here before. The folks I worked with to set it up were great, and they definitely treated us well. It was a Wednesday night, so there wasn't much traffic downtown. We had a private area, which was clean and looked great. It was a little confusing that you have to go up to the counter to get your names put up on the screen to bowl, but once we figured it out, we were ready to go. The food they brought out was tasty, the drinks kept coming, and everyone had a great time. I'd definitely come here again for a date night or with a smaller group of friends.
Went for a late night dinner with a side of bowling.  Very nice place, very clean, decent music, fun overall environment.

My wife and I went on a Sunday night ant it was surprisingly slow.  Having worked the hospitality field myself, I know that when a place is slow that staff can get board and can get a little lazy with what few customers are there.  I was surprised that this was not the case.  Actually quite the opposite the staff seemed to go out of their way to find things to do for the customers in order to keep busy.  So that was definitely a plus.  And while the dinner menu is a bit small, the food was excellent and reasonably priced to boot. 

My only major critique would be that while it is a VERY a nice place, the cost of bowling frames seemed awfully high.  For the price of 2 games for me and her, i could have got unlimited games at a standard bowling ally that offers "cosmic bowling".  But i guess your ultimately paying for the environment more then that game itself. 

That said the cost isn't enough to keep me from going, but it is enough to keep me from going as often as i would like.
My Family and I just got back from a few days in Downtown Phoenix.  Luck Strike was the HIGHLIGHT of our trip.  My 2 boys had such a blast.

The Manager, Nicole Joe, really went above and beyond, making our visit the best bowing, food and drinks experience we had ever experienced.  The drinks and food were all super good, and the lanes were so classy.

The look of this place is out of this world.  Huge flat screens above the pins, super classy lighting and wood everywhere.  Just being in this place makes you feel great.

I just wish this place was in Tucson, because we cannot wait to return.  Thank you Nicole Joe!
Our company recently had a corporate event at Lucky Strike and we had a blast!  The team there (Mick, Nicole, Rudy & Dallas) really made an effort to make sure we were comfortable and had no worries.  The whole experience gave a lasting impression to everyone that came.  Thanks Lucky Strike Team!
A different way to have fun with your friends aside from the bar and club scene. There is an arcade, and it is attached to a bar so you have a lot of options.
We had friends in town and needed a place to hang out, eat and drink.  This place was perfect.  You can eat there (which had ok food choices but GREAT drink choices) or hit one of the local restaurants nearby.  We went to Blue Hound then bowled.  Atmosphere was cool, hip and fun.  Large screen televisions helped entertain and large couches were relaxing after rolling a strike.  Young, old and children alike will enjoy this place.
Lucky Strike! 

This place is Deliciously Classy. I took my sweety there for our first date. It was a Sunday just after the George Lopez "Dream out Loud" tour at the Comerica Theatre.  And as soon as we walked in we were in awe.  Its dark, sexy, and a lot going on.  There were about a dozen bowling lanes, pool tables, and a nice lounge area so you can sit watch your date bowl.  We arrived just before a company gathering had arrived and we were mistaken as being part of the group. So they were very happy to see us come in, and gave us the Royal treatment.   When they finally realized we were not part of the party, they asked politely to ask us to move because it was rented.  

Nicole was very nice to us, and didn't charge due to the fact that it was a mix up and I didn't understand that it was rented for another party.  All in all it was a great experience. We had a fun time , even though it was cut short.  And I will definitely be back to play and order and try out the food.  

Ive noticed people complain about the price of bowling, honestly it's a fair price, because it includes the ambiance as well and the music and good vibe this place gets.  The atmosphere of an environment is very classy and those are the types of places Id like to continue taking my date and or a group of people that Id like to impress. So 5 stars for great service, great time, and nice decor AND its in the downtown Phoenix scene, theres so much to do there, and now theres bowling!!!  NICE!!

Nicole provided AWESOME customer service!!  Great Job!
Normally I'm a 5 star (and once a 1 star) kind of girl. Tonight at lucky strike severely disappointed me. We were there to just a have good night out with friends. My friend and I arrived late. It took 26 minutes to get any kind of service (we ended up going to the bartender -who was a doll...she gets 5 stars). Got food and beers and our hour on the lane was over so we went into the soft seating area. We were trying to cash out and still hasn't seen a server -it was an hour later. I got a manager involved and the server had left, charged the card that the tab was on, and never got someone else to cover their section. The manager bought us a round and was wonderful in trying to fix everything. We were waiting to go back on a lane, and it turns out they took us off the wait list since we had a lane earlier and they "didn't think we wanted the later lane as well". They try really hard, but it's like the fart that was forced. :(
Came here on a Saturday early afternoon with two kids, ages 6 and 9. Didn't need a reservation because I think it only gets crowded in the late afternoon/evening. This is NOT 1980s bowling, people! Talk about posh, modern, clean, and awesome. It has a warm vibe, probably because it's pretty small. Great music, not overly loud. I will never look at bowling the same again! The "bumpers" for kids come up automatically for the kids' frames, which is pretty cool.  

Ordered some food for lunch that they serve right at your lane. Chicken pillows (basically chicken won tons), small burger slider things, a turkey club (with an egg in it! Love it!), and the gluten free green chile tacos. We all LOVED everything. The food is pretty great for "sports bar" type of food, but especially for a bowling alley. Had a couple of beers and wine, pretty good selection for both wine & beer. 

Played in the really upscale, modern arcade after bowling. It was empty, so that was great compared to the usual Peter Piper grossness/overcrowdedness of the weekends. I would happily pay more money to bowl, eat, and play games in style!! 

The best part probably is the free photo booth thing where you can put in your email address and it mails the photos to you. The photos are great - they are surprisingly high resolution for a free photo station. We captured a fantastic family photo that will be a great memory of our first time at Lucky Strike! It definitely won't be our last. Can't wait to have a kid party or adults night out here.

The staff was really helpful and the waitress was always coming back to our lane to check on us. Places like Lucky Strike remind me why I'm happy to be a Phoenician!
I have been to Lucky Strikes a couple times, it is located on the second floor of Cityscape in downtown Phoenix area.  Unfortunately, last time I came with a serious beast-like hunger and I had every intention  of shamelessly stuffing my face with lots of delicious bar food as soon as I sat down. I  ordered the nachos and the mini bacon cheese burgers. Lets just say both dishes were mundane and anticlimactic at best. The nachos left me extremely unsatisfied and wanting to run to Filberto's on my way home! 
On a more positive note, the place looks very cool, modern trendy and pretty large.  It does seem good for parties and bigger groups. If bowling is your thing, I'd say this place is worth checking out but don't come for the food. just saying.
I've gone a few times for lunch, happy hour & birthday gatherings...fun atmosphere and great place to gather, but I've been to better places to for food. They usually have decent live bands on the weekends and serves as a great place to launch your weekend. A fun place to kick back & relax with some room to get a lil dance on, but not a total dance floor availabe. Go in, get your drink on & kick back to some music and enjoy!
I had so much fun!! I love this place! I went for lunch bowl and spent $10.00 I bought chicken wings they were so yummy and got a free game of bowling and shoes. It was a steal!! dining and playing :) The atmosphere was great and I would definitely come back at night drink, eat, bowl and play in the arcade. They also validate parking for two hours! A nice little gem in downtown phx, somewhere I would hang out at before I had to get on a flight since its near the airport.
Get the green tacos!  Atmosphere is great!  I don't think ill ever bowl at an amc again!  Spoiled!
Loved lucky strick! Great bartenders, drinks, and the Brie cheese and apple quesadilla was the best I have ever had! Definitely go!
We went for a work party and I was expecting a mundane half hearted attempt to work up some smiles while downing a couple of beers and trying to make conversation, however it was swanky cool in this place, decent music selection, and kinda like cosmic bowling meets ultra lounge meets dave and busters (if that even makes sense). It was not easy to find and parking was a bit of a hassle as most downtown parking is, but they lost a star for location and accessibility. The staff was extremely friendly and they had a huge notch above what you would consider "bowling alley fare". Im currently still on my vegetarian kick so I did the green chili tacos and they were really good. I went for a work party, but I will be back on a date. Check it out for date night for sure.
Where oh where are you Lucky Strike? This is a very difficult place to find from the get go, so if you are on your way make sure you KNOW where you are going before you get there. I am giving these guys 5 stars because I love to bowl and this place takes bowling to another level it is does not make me want to finish the phrase bowling with "alley"...Maybe bowling "avenue" :). A group of my friends went to the New Times 'Brews for Benefits" and decided to stay for bowling. Think ultra lounge with the option to bowl. We shared some belgium fries and sliders and it definitely wasn't typical bowling alley fare. The service was great and the manager even came by and gave us all free game cards. If you are looking for a really good way to spend a Friday night these guys do a great job. 
One note on the location--It is in the Southwest corner on the second floor on the corner of Jefferson and 1st Avenue.
We went to watch an MMA fight and it was great, the food was good, the service was good and the atmosphere was great.  We would have bowled but all the lanes were booked, which is a good sign.

I really like this place and can't wait to go back
Excellent and prompt service.  Cool place.  It's a bar, glow in the dark bowling, and the waitresses are cool too.
Did you know... Lucky Strike has a weekday special where you can bowl a free game with your lunch purchase.  What a cool way to spend an office day lunch hour.  The service and food were excellent as well.  I did not expect the food to be good, but they proved me wrong.  We split coconut shrimp appy and I had the turkey club sandwich.  It was perfection and included homemade potato chips.  The iced tea was nice and fresh as well.  The atmosphere was fun, clean, and very posh as well.  

Can't wait to go back.
I have never been to a bowling alley before that has such a fun atmosphere. I am not even sure I would categorize it as just a boiling alley its really more of an upscale Dave and Busters that has bowling. The lanes are set up nicely with couches to get a relaxed feel the food was much better than a regular bowling alley the waitresses wear cute little outfits and if you don't want bowl they had an arcade, pool tables, and what looked like to be a dance floor at night... If you go during off hours the prices aren't too bad they have a special during the week that if you buy an entree you get free shoe rental and a free game of bowling then after that each game was $4 I believe. great place to do a team outing with your company or just get together with a group of friends.
It's been over 2 years since I was in Lucky Strike Phoenix... it impressed me then and it impressed me last night. We booked 2 lanes for a 30th birthday party. We had a great time... the service when checking in, our food/drinks, the lane server... were all super friendly, GREAT and made for an awesome night for us.  They also expanded since I was there so the added bars and game room were a big plus for our 10person group. Had a great time and would recommend going to anyone who wants to do something fun in phoenix that goes way beyond just a bar. Will be back again!
I had an opportunity to go back and bowl.  We were able to bowl three games, sampled more delicious food, and played in the arcade.  Everyone had a great time and our games are improving.  The staff were all welcoming and excellent.  Thanks again Lucky Strike!
I refuse to think of myself as a crappy bowler, in-fact, according to my Wii I'm one of the best that's ever shoved two fingers and a thumb into a ball...I will instead believe that their bowling lanes are imbalanced. I know it had nothing to do with my "let's try one of everything on the drink menu" flight. I was tilted, sure, but I blame gravity. 

The flatbread appetizer was scrumptious, just as the server said it would be. The tempura vegetables were pretty good too, although I ended up peeling off the breading and just eating the veggies...great flavor! 

After playing a few games, we decided we just wanted to sit  (besides, the bowling was getting kinda pricey and we're really trying to give this "frugal" thing a whirl (yeah, we suck at it, but it can only get better right?), watch some sports and have a few more tasty beverages...this is where the stars got taken away.

The bar area was HELLA UNFRIENDLY! I couldn't even believe how pissy the clientele were, and the bartender was nowhere to be seen (probably scared off by those mean-mugging brutes hogging the good seats in front of the game)...no biggy, there are other bars with TVs out there. We'll *probably* go back to bowl at some point, but aren't in a big hurry to do so.
My first experience here was short, sweet, and to the point. It was pleasurable. In other words, I had been eagerly anticipating a return.

My second experience was cause enough to never return. 

Picture this- there were perhaps 10-20 patrons in attendance, and mind you, 'twas about 1:15AM when we arrived. We had no intent to bowl as they have a spectacular looking bar that actually showcases local artists' works (I'd give them more than two thumbs up if I physically could for this) so the idea was to grab a few cocktails. Service was lackadaisical at best even though we were the only ones at the bar itself.

The epic fail that we ran headfirst into was the extreme absence of management, poor salesmanship on behalf of the bartenders, and the uber extremism of the  "bouncers." Unfortunately whenever there are a bunch of guys behind me yelling at me to "get the f~k out" after the bartender has just delivered a drink, I am going to be a bit frustrated. By the way, it was still before 2:00AM.

Ultimately it's a shame. As I was walking out I told one of the "bouncers" that I would never be back, to which he replied, "It's no skin off my back." For a service-based business in downtown Phoenix to have such a blatant disregard for any patronage they may acquire is simply dumbfounding. I live a few blocks away and whole-heartedly wanted this place to be a "go to" spot for when friends and family from other parts of the valley and from out of state visit, but if the "bouncers" are the only voice here then I would prefer to give my business to anywhere besides Lucky Strike.

Update:
The GM here, Dallas, actually contacted me personally based on my last experience. He invited us back and promised to make things right. And he most certainly did! He helped me plan a big night for my girlfriend's birthday and everything was perfect! I can't say enough how impressed I am that someone made an effort to fix a poor experience; it says a great deal about the dedication of the current management and I look forward to frequenting Lucky Strike now.
My first two experiences with Lucky Strike/Gypsy were less than stellar (see my review of Gypsy Bar in 2012). In fact, my first two experiences were so bad that I vowed never to return. Then I was contacted by the new manager of Lucky Strike/Gypsy informing me that the bar I despised was now under new management, had a new chef, a new menu, and a new staff with a new attitude. I was intrigued. 

My mind is not often changed once it's set, but in this case - the new management team behind Lucky Strike and Gypsy Bar have completely turned this place around. The drinks and food continue to be a bit pricey for a "bar," but they still offer great lunch and happy hour specials, and now there's a HUGE difference - the food actually tastes great and the service is amazing. 

For three hours tonight my friends and I bowled, ate, and drank to our heart's content. We started out with the homemade Belgian fries with chimichurri aioli and the short rib tacos. The fries were delish, and the tacos were decent - I liked the short rib meat and sauce on the taco, but the shells were a little stale. I suggest that in the future they should serve the tacos in soft corn tortillas and replace the blah lettuce with some sugar cured cabbage (a la Fuego Tacos) because the shell and rabbit food just detracted from the great texture and flavor of the filling and sauce. We also ordered the buffalo chicken flatbread, the chicken quesadilla, and blue chips off of the $4 happy hour menu. I didn't try any of those, but from the way the chips and quesadillas disappeared, I assume they were fine. The flatbreads didn't really win anyone over, but two out of three ain't bad. We also ordered the grilled steak sandwich and the crispy bread pudding bites. The steak was a fatty cut and the juices soaked the bottom piece of grilled artisan bread, but it was seasoned PERFECTLY and the bread managed to hold together. I actually love steak juices and found the bottom piece of bread to be a soppy piece of heaven - much like when I find myself eating a really good French dip with grilled crusty bread and a perfect au jus. The crispy bread pudding bites came with a creme anglaise and were vaguely reminiscent of a simpler time in Jack in the Box's history when they served delicious deep friend french toast sticks on their 24 hour breakfast menu. In layman's terms, the tiny squares of deep fried bread pudding were extremely addictive and hit the spot.  

Overall, I was pretty impressed with the revamped menu. The tacos and sandwiches were about $14 each and some of the premium cocktails were about $13 each - once again on the high end - but they were all tasty and I really did enjoy myself with their clean facility, multitude of games available, and spazzy bowling alley. I would give Lucky Strike/Gypsy bar a solid 4 stars for the reimagined bar food menu and ability to entertain people of all ages. However, it was the service that shot this place over the moon for me. The bartenders, management, and servers were AMAZING and I have no problem recommending this place for anyone looking to have a great time with good food, good friends, and really good service.
James is the sh*t! He's a funny guy, he ran our food and kept conversation with us :). My complaint is: the draft beer is watered down and I ordered a red bull vodka, uhh where's the alcohol ?? The cheeseburger minis and nachos were great!!! Just be careful of alcohol :/
When I first walked in, I was pleasantly impressed with the atmosphere. An upbeat, modernized bowling alley.  I came here for a friend's birthday and immediately felt at home. 

I suppose my first mistake was bringing in my beer from a prior escapade. I was approached, by whom I'm assuming was the manager on duty, by a man in a very casual and unprofessional attire. He demanded to speak to me and one of my friends. He immediately accused me of pouring my own beer that "they didn't sell at the bar" and because of this told me the ENTIRE BIRTHDAY PARTY I was with had to leave. I apologized and told him there was no need for that and that I would leave, no need to penalize my friend's birthday. He refused this and insisted that we all leave because we "didn't look of age"  which I assure you, we all were of age. O didn't feel the need to argue with you him. Hey, if he was willing to let an entire group of paying customers walk out of this establishment with a bad taste in their mouths, I wasn't going to stop him. 

I understand, policy is policy, but I think the whole situation could have been handled better and I would have gladly left and let my friend enjoy her birthday. Needless to say, I won't be returning. 

Thanks, guess I'll just be sticking to AMF!
I went to this place for free with an event. It is the coolest bowling alley I've ever been to. The drink that I had (deception) was alright, not good enough for its price(10$). The lanes have really cute graphics that change so you don't see that same thing over and over each time you make or don't make a strike. Every person who bowls gets a graphic popping up which is nice. The food is typical bar far and decent. Again nothing amazing but it fits the bill. 

There are a ton of people there and you can play pool. It feels like a bar that is also a bowling alley. The girl at the front has an accent and it was somewhat hard to understand her. I would go here again and pay this time!
I've been here twice. The first time was great. The last time was absolutely horrible. We bowled six games and not once did anyone come to our table and ask us if we wanted to order anything. They went to the tables to the left and right of us. Even to the table behind us, but not to us. Well probably never go back. That was the worst service ever. The main bar was nice. The bartender was great in there. Just really sucked that my husband had to run back and forth to the bar every time we needed drinks. It completely changed how I felt about this place.
Totally unimpressed. Way to expressive and was rushed off our lane 10 mins before we even finished. I was with a group of girls and we opened a tab on my card and the server encouraged them to just bill my card
Went to Lucky Strike again and was very happy with my visit.  The staff, especially Johnny, was amazing. Will be back.  My last visit was rough but I have changed my mind and will recommend to my friends. Thank you Lucky Strike for an awesome time!!
If you are looking for a place that would meet the needs of different people in a large group setting, this is a great place. They provide expensive bowling with cool tv screens, a dance floor, mini arcade and pool. My first time here was a few months ago when I was invited to a birthday party in the VIP area of the bowling alley. The service we received was horrible. My friend who had spent the money for her husband's birthday was very upset and mentioned a few times that it was a complete waste of her money. In fact, we didn't receive any kind of service - while our waitress was somewhere else, the guys ended up going to the bar and getting all their drinks that way. 

I think this place has a cool concept and I wouldn't rule it out completely but I definitely think they should teach their employees the basics of customer service.
What a sexy place to go bowling. Fam frm the bay are visiting thought we would take em here, glad we did! They had a great time, service was great and the music was not bad and wasn't too loud... Food was good and so were the drinks but a little on the expensive side but what do I expect from a nice place like this. Totally worth it! And got to even dance to a few songs! :) will definitely be back, maybe next time for date night!
Great place to bowl and have fun with friends.  I love the jukebox on your phone idea, just wish there were more songs available to play.  Though that's not Lucky Strikes fault.  

Anyway, we went there for the first time and there was an unmanned counter where you rent your shoes.  The manager hurried over and apologized for our 30 second wait and comped our shoes.  I didn't been notice we had to wait, but I felt like that's awesome customer service. 

Overall, great place and I will be going back.
Went here for a Bday party. First time. Great setup and decent food. Although traffic flow at the pool tables needs work. DJ is a nice touch. Grace was our lane server and was very attentive to our group of about 20. She provided excellent service with smile!
Decent way to pass some time with family. In cityscape across from us airways stadium. Not much else to do there during the middle of the day though, also shoe rental is expensive so bring your own if you have them.
I can't imagine how much fun this place trends late at night.
this place is so much fun!!!!!!!! we went here as part of my birthday celebration month. 

we had a mix up with our reservations which was a huge bummer but Rudy took such great care of us. he was super apologetic, bought all 12 of us a round of drinks while we decided what we wanted to do, gave us all free passes to the game room and comped our two lanes when they finally opened up. 

we almost left when we found out about the mix up but i am so glad we stayed. it was my first time there and because of the delay we got to enjoy the whole lucky strike experience. we got the games, the dance floor, the food, the drinking and the bowling in. 

i usually don't like bowling but this was such a blast. the service was great throughout the whole place. once we wrapped up our game we headed to copper blues. it was so nice having lots of fun things to do in one small area. 

highly recommend for parties and thumbs up to the amazing staff.
WOW! We wanted a fun rehearsal dinner with class and Lucky Strike beyond delivered. The staff was amazing Nicole, Rudy,  & Dallas made us feel like VIP's even though there was a big corporate event that rented the entire other half of the building. The wait staff was amazing at bringing out the food at just the right time. The food was delicious. Mac-n-cheese bites are a must have. Flatbread pizzas were a family favorite. I only wish parking validation was longer then 2 hours. The best "Hipster" playground in PHX!
Super swanky and lots of fun with great happy hour and just ok service, but spendy.  

The place is absolutely beautiful!  It's the loveliest bowling alley I've ever seen - basically a plush lounge with lanes.  I've been here many times with different people and it's always fun.  Our most recent visit was on a weekday afternoon, and the prices are much lower (I can't remember exactly how much, and the website doesn't seem to have this info).  After several rounds of bowling, we paid $9/hour for the pool table, which isn't bad if you play fast - and it is pro-rated so you only py for the time you use.

This also seems to be a popular venue for large groups and special occasions.  We've even been to a birthday party where we just got drinks at the bar and didn't bowl.

So why not 5 stars?  It's pretty expensive for what is ultimately still bowling, and the service isn't great (they seem to attract a high percentage of  "I'm doing you a huge favor by dealing with you at all" staff).

My advice?  Go on a weekday and catch Happy Hour - on weekends, the prices are more than it's worth, in my opinion.
Place is cool and they play great music ... We went here after a comedy show at stand up live because they are right next to each other. The only thing that sucks about this place is the service. The staff had no sense of urgency and are not personable... Great venue tho ... With better service this place could be a go to for a lot of events
If you advertise an industry night and I call about said night please inform us that there is a private party before 10 of us walk up expecting to bowl. When we call to make a reservation just tell us you are closed for the night before we all plan on being there.
Cool place in a busy area. There are several bars in the bowling alley to keep you entertained and a game area. The service is slow at the actual lanes so we had to keep going to the bar to get our own drinks. They don't take reservations on weekends. So we had to wait an hour to get a lane. My advice there is go early or go late. Don't show up between 6-9 and expect to get a lane. Reasonably priced and right in the heart of the busy down town Phoenix district.
We were lucky enough to receive a VIP invitation for today's grand opening! We did a lot in the three hours we were there, when you walk in it makes you feel like you are in one of the Las Vegas Casinos. Even though they claim to be a family theme bowling alley. To me it's more of a young adult theme event. But there is nothing wrong with that. To much to tell you about this place. You must pay a visit or get on there web site for more info. I felt like a kid again, playing in the arcade for a couple of hrs. Food is really good at their restaurant, especially their boom boom shrimp!! Awesome!! Again, a must visit at least once so you can see how it is.
I love this new spot in Surprise. It's great for families during the hot summer days! Surprise really needed something fun for kids and families. For the 21 plus crowd - the private VIP area called The Approach has a full bar and 10 lanes of private bowling. I'm thinking about renting this room out for my next birthday party!

The place gets crowded, so call and make a reservation. 

I tried the food, and it's much more than typical bowling alley food. They have pizza, salads, wings, everything! Their cocktail list is also robust. 

Go during happy hour to get discounts on appetizers and drinks. YUM!

2 thumbs up!
Rating the Restuarant at the Uptown Alley only. Went there during midday, about 2 pm. Service was very good. Drinks were filled quickly. Servers were very friendly. Appetizer came out with the meal, but both tasted delicious. My main reason for dropping a star was for the quantity of food compared to the price. $16-18 a plate and not a lot was delivered. We ordered the dinner salads and chips and guacamole. The quality of the food was excellent. Overall I'd say you are paying for what amounts to servings half of what you could get at a place like Red Robin or Chili's. The atmosphere and service are excellent.
I've been waiting for something like this to come to surprise and was real excited to take the family and friends there when it opened.  Went a few days before the actual grand opening and had a good time, but my mood instantly changed when I went out to get something in my truck and came inside to a "bouncer" telling me they were at capacity.  When i told him i had family in there he made me seem like a liar, and he wanted me to call my girlfriend to come to the front just so I could go back in, not a good way to start your business.  

So I thought what the heck lets try it again another weekend, so last weekend I went with some other family to show them how nice it was, I mean they have TV's everywhere an awesome arcade, and even have a 21 and older section for after 8pm that has its own lanes, bar, pool table and DJ booth for the weekends, and it doesn't cost any extra which is kind of cool.  First thing when we walked through the door was another "bouncer" telling me they were at capacity and they had a 2 hour wait, when clearly i could see from the door there was open seating EVERYWHERE and there were many open lanes.  After about 15 mins of waiting in line I asked the lady if I could use the restroom, she told me I could go next door to the movie theatre and use there's because she didn't trust me that I would come back from theirs.  AWESOME SERVICE!!! (sarcastically speaking)! 

I would give this place more stars but the service and people are terrible!! The food was good and bowling was a little overpriced but your paying for luxury pretty much.  

If they wanna stay in business they need to work on their customer service...ALOT... maybe start by getting rid of the stupid "were at capacity" thing when your not even close to it! 

I'll probably wait a while before I go back
Its a cool place to go, especially due to its location. Not much else going on in surprise, so this place will thrive. 

The place is spacious, with lots of bars, and places to sit. The arcade section is kind of small...btu hey, there's an arcade section! You can also play laser tag...pretty cool. They have a lounge section which is nice, but when we sat down at the couch section, no one came to take our order. It was the same in the adult lounge/bowling alley. Plenty of places to sit, plenty of employees walking around yet no one to take a drink order. To bowl in the adult section is pricey...i think it was approx 30 bucks. 

All in all, a nice place to go if you live in suprise.
When i first walked into uptown alley I was impressed, there was a good vibe and everything was colorful. Other than the fact that it was a Friday evening and it was packed there is plenty of to keep your self occupied. There is a bar and grill, a arcade, a 2 story lazer tag and obviouslly the bowling alley. My son did the laser tag and loved it, it was cheap and fun, wether it was you and 3 friends or 20 people you don't know it's fun. The food at the grill was ok, not the best food ever but it's just a reastraunt in a bowling alley. The arcade games are cool, there are lots of games I haven't seen before and touch screen games, I was impresses. Finally the lanes, they are new aged modern lanes and those ball return things with new. Screens and everything. There is also a area for adults only that has bowling and pool. All in all I give the bowling alley a 4/5 and I will probably be going back.
Red Embers has some great burgers! I added bacon to mine and they definitely gave me a hearty portion. The burger was super juicy too! The food took a while to come out, so try to patient... Deliciousness is on the way ;)
Great place for families with kids and a private 21+ area! So if you dont want to be around kids or teens you can go to the back area. Perfect hang out spot and family fun day. Kids bowl free on Mondays.

Food is good, service was great, this is by far the best bowling alley I have been to. We will be here often.
We bowled here early Saturday afternoon. No problem getting a lane, but when we left, the line was almost out the door. 

When we arrived, there was a line and only one cashier, you would think on a Saturday that they would have more staff at the register and less at the shoe return counter. The drinks were a little pricey, but it was a fun place especially when this is one of the very few attractions out in Surprise.
OK this is good as entertainment gets in Surprise...Which is not a bad thing....
Compared to Lucky Strike this place is HUGE!  Plenty of lanes, plenty of food/drink areas.....

Has a 21 and older bar that has a dance floor, DJ, and darker lighting?  A club inside a bowling alley?  Yes finally a bar/club scene in Surprise, hidden inside this bowling alley.  

Don't forget laser tag, video game area, and I almost  forgot the regular bowling area also....Huge screens on the wall, great music, and even private eating areas if you want to have a company gathering here..

Here's my one wish?  Play music videos in the over 21 area with the dance floor area??  I can watch baseball, etc. on the 5 million other screens here....

The food was great also....I had medium rare beef on my pizza, prime rib sliders, and calamari with my 22 oz beer....Good prices on food and drinks.....Check out happy hour!!!! 

Gather up your friends and appetite and enjoy this new attraction in Surprise.  This should be a very popular West Valley hangout before long.
There are different areas & each area has a different vibe... Try the tiramisu martini... Ah-Mazing!
Alright, I've waited until I settled down before I wrote this.  It's about a new establishment that opened in Surprise, Uptown Alley.  My wife and I used to be in several bowling leagues and sponsored several teams.  Then, we moved to Surprise.  I was excited when I heard about a bowling alley opening in Surprise.

My daughter was celebrating her 32nd birthday.  We thought what a wonderful way to check out this new place.  First, dinner at the RED EMBERS with a few cocktails, opening presents with a few more cocktails, a birthday cake and a few more cocktails, followed by a few lines of bowling for the entire family (Party of 8), and possibly having in a few more cocktails.  This ain't gonna be no cheap date.

To make things easier, and to add an element of surprise, we decided to take the custom birthday cake we had made to the restaurant where we were to have dinner.  That way, they could serve it for dessert, surprise my daughter and really embarrass her with "HAPPY BIRTHDAY".  We have done this several times, at many restaurants.  

My wife takes the cake to the restaurant and is told they can't accept it.  After a brief conversation, she returns home, and not very happy.

I call the restaurant, ask for the manager, and engage in a very long conversation.  I explain we're neighbors, this is our first experience with their place, it's my daughter's birthday, etc.  She blames County regulations for this decision.  I inform her that every other establishment we have gone to with this has gladly accepted and served.  She stands on her denial, based on County regs.  I inform her that my wife has several years in Food and Beverage management, including many years at Arrowhead Country Club, and that no regulation exists.  She stands firm.

Not to upset the daughters, my wife and I continue as planned.  The food was okay.  Mark, our server was good.  I believe, as an attempt to pacify, our server comped a birthday brownie after dinner.  Too little, too late.

As for the bowling experience, again so-so.  Too dark and too noisy.  Ghetto boys in the lane next to us did not enhance the experience.  We had our Grandchildren there and the language and actions from our neighbors was deplorable.

Thanks for ruining a special day for our family!!!!!!!!
Im so glad this place opened up so close to my house! It has bowling, lazer tag, a good arcade, pool, darts and more. Its a super fun place. Its pretty clean, very modern and just a nice place to chill and relax. 

Cons- Need more pool tables. 
The dont allow inside food or drinks in which is SUPER annoying.
The polices are just to strick. 

But overall i think uptown alley is an awesome place for anyone. Im so glad it came to surprise :)
I was excited to finally see a family place in Surprise besides the movie theatre.  We went with our family of 5 and ended up spending $100 for two games (with shoe rental) and lunch.  I was expecting bowling-alley food and to be fair it was quite tasty, although the calamari I ordered was raw in the middle and I had to send it back.  But the prices are the real problem.  An order of chili fries is a cool 6 bucks, a beer is $5, a plate of sliders is $10.  In and of itself not a big deal, but when you add the steep prices all together for a family it's just not worth it.  I would rather drive to Glendale and get the same fries for $3 with a good pitcher of beer and have a ball bowling without having to watch what I order for the sake of prices.  We were looking for a family-friendly hangout and found a swanky, three-bar sprawling palace.  If your family has unlimited means, this might be the place for you.  For us, it will be a one-time thing.
Happy hour update: 3-7p.m. monday through friday.  $2 domestic draft, budlight...etc.

$2 well drinks, whiskey and coke for example.  Half off appetizers, had the sliders and blue cheese and steak pizza.  Very inexpensive and great food and drinks.  We did have the pizza sent back, it was burnt on the bottom.  To correct this they gave it to us free of charge.  Still a great place for drinks and food in Surprise :)
I'll give it 4 mainly because it provides a fun place for both kids and adults in Surprise that has been sorely needed.  

Went with my 7 & 9 year olds today.   We didn't get to do "everything" there because it gets pricey really fast.  That would be my chief complaint, but again, it's the only game in town like this and I am sure the owners know that.

Bowling - was great fun, excellent waitress service right at your lane where you can order food and eat it there.  $4 per person for each game, no discounts for kids (major dislike on that), $3.50 per person for shoes.  

Laser tag is $7 per person on weekends and $5 during the week.  So another $21 for the three of us on top of the $22.50 for bowling.

Arcade is fairly small and you buy tokens that are on a credit card type thing the kids swipe in each game.  It amounts to each game being between $1-$2.50 to play.  This is really price compared to other places like this, and as someone else mentioned the "prizes" at the end of the rainbow with the tickets you get out of the games take way to many and does disappoint.

The restaurant when you come in looks great for watching games.  There is a HUGE screen on one end - we did not eat in there so I can't say much else on it so far.  Same with the over 21 area, although it does look fun and I hope to go back without the kids in the evening sometime.

For some reason there were two uniformed Surprise police officers standing guard in a couple different places inside.  This was odd in my opinion given the clientele on a Sunday afternoon in this area.

Overall we'll be back as a family and I intend to check it out during grown ups time as well.   Just hope the prices don't turn it into a place you have to save up to go as opposed to a casual neighborhood spot to go on any given weekend.
My husband and I and another couple have attended Uptown Alley a few times now over the last few weeks.  We have never actually bowled or tried any of the other activities accept for eating and drinking, so I can only speak to that.  
The happy hour is a really good deal.  During happy hour you can get appetizers for half price.  We always order the steak and blue cheese flatbread.  I always ask for it to be medium rare so that the steak will at least come out medium.  I have also had the BBQ pulled pork sliders and the BBQ wings.  I'll order those again!  You can get a well drink for about $2 and change.  Even when the drinks are full price they aren't bad.
They have a 21 and over area which is nice.
OK, So I have been here 5 times in the last week and a half so I have an update.

Service can improve here.  I did have different customer service from everyone wanting to help to asking several employees to take my order.  

I do enjoy going here, but after seeing the vast variance in customer service I hope everyone that goes here gets the great service all the time.  Great service was when everyone asked if we needed anything, checking back with us throughout are meal, etc.  Different employees, even management checking in and making sure we are enjoying our food and drinks.  

When someone gets the poor service I got I would assume they would not come back here.  I noted 10 minutes before I had to get up and ask for someone to take my order.  I then had to wait another 10 minutes before someone actually helping my group of 6 customers.  It was busy, but I think just acknowledgment makes a difference.  

So between those 2 extremes I hope Uptown Alley can manage a consistant level of customer service.  I did watch several groups of people walk out of the open seating area once they were at that waiting threshold.  Once they noticed no one was going to take their orders they left, loss of business and maybe future business?

I really want Uptown Alley to do well since it is my neighborhood bar, restaurant, entertainment location.  

If you visit uptown Alley please ask for someone to take your order if you are sitting for a while with no help.  The food and drinks are good so please try them before leaving.

Hopefully you come when service is excellent and everyone is asking you how your food and drinks are :)
-Food:  Awful.  There is nothing positive about the food.
-Service: Problematic.  Waiter not very knowledgeable of activity wait times and his food suggestions were lousy.  The wait to get someones attention just to put my name on a list for bowling was ridiculous.  Not sure who was running the front counter.
-Bowling: 3 hour wait.  Found another bowling alley in the West Valley.

I was incredibly disappointed with my first experience at Uptown Alley.  I might try again in a year or two...maybe for my kid's birthday.  

Having the bowling wait time posted or, at least, let the waiting staff know so they can encourage the diners to put their name on a list would have been helpful.  Our waiter had no clue about the wait time.  

Hopefully their problems can be sorted out.
This place is like a dave and busters on steroids, like a costco size building but has a bowling alley, restaurant, VIP bowling area with pool tables, they have nice furniture, HUGE tvs, good background music half the time.  One time I came in and they were playing stupid 80s music.

I've been here 3 times now and every experience with the food has been very good.  Their appetizers are half off in the afternoons and considering the taste/cost ratio during happy hour you can't beat it. However, I wouldn't ever pay full price for their appetizers. The beer is half off too, you can't beat a pint of beer on tap for $2 with some excellent wings. This is the best thing that happened to surprise since Buffalo wild wings shut its doors. This place would be great for a work party or birthday party.

This place puts AMF and brunswick bowling alleys to shame. This is the only place to go to for fun in surprise, you'd have to go further beyond surprise to do some clubbing/bar scene. This isn't the place for that. 

It gets 4 starts because they lack something hugely fundamental. They have a descent range of drinks to choose from, nice furniture, but did not seclude the adult bar/vip room enough away from the kids. the adult bar area is very small but nice and is open with kids running and screaming by. 

The vip room has djs and music/sometimes even live music which is okay.

The bottom line: Overall, if you're looking for a friday night to chill with your bros or your girlfriends, and looking to do something different go for the appetizers half off before 7, and drinks are half off too this is a great place to hangout, if you're looking to do something entertaining and not in the mood for going to a full on bar.
Will update accordingly, but we did NOT bowl since their hours are very short compared to all other bowling alley's normal hours on weekends should be 9am-2am and weekdays one hour earlier is fine but 1am is horrible it's bad that we went for our first time and it was already closing but we only went in for a drink 8.50 for a daiquiri and a pint is 5.00 it's just beer....so being there for only 30 minutes we paid 22.10 before tip for 3 drinks..... ridiculous! It should have been around 5 for drinks and 3 for beer thats reasonable but I'm only judging by the drinks since were looking for a new bar in town......so far not a big deal going sat to bowl but may just go to Peoria lanes....guess well see.
Been to Uptown Alley about half a dozen times so far.  Several times meeting up with a small group of friends, and a couple times on a date night with my husband.  

WELL...cannot speak on the bowling alley part since we haven't been able to get into a lane due to the wait times.  But on the upside, we were able to get some good food and enjoy the company.  

Highly recommend this as more of a "grown up" place to hang out if you want to eat too....there are LOTS of people there on any given night and food choices can get expensive (in addition to shelling out for video games) for kids (ours are 19, 15, 14 and 9).  

Our favorite night to go is Thursday nights.  From 1500 (3 pm) until 11 they have HALF-PRICED appetizers and $2 domestic drafts.  My husband and I stopped in twice on thursday nights and had amazing service, not as busy as "usual" and we ordered (3) of their tasty appetizers and a couple beers a piece.  It came out to $26...WOW!  THe food was hot, fast and fresh.  Bartender (Claudia) was very friendly and attentive.  

We watched pre-season game on their wall of tvs and had a really nice date night (within a tight budget this is awesome!)  NOTE: Thursday night is also Karaoke night which is cool if that's what you're there for, but you can hear the singing (howling in some cases) in the entire building so it kinda put a damper on trying to watch the game and catch whatever Olympics events we could see.....BUT we did hav a blast overall and it didn't dent the wallet! lol

Only negatives I see at this point are: limited and expensive food options for kids, forever waiting line for bowling (a bummer if that's what you came there for)---will have to update when I take the kids in for video games and paintball.....

Overall, a great place to hangout with friends or honey for a drink and a quick meal.....WE plan on being regulars (on thursdays)....especially after checking out a movie on date night!
This place seemed like the perfect place to have a good time and get some food. The facilities here are not to bad (bowling, laser tag, games) bit the restaurant is terrible. Where do I start...

Our waiter I am pretty sure was under the influence of some form of stimulant (meth is my prediction). He was acting all kinds of crazy and saying weird things. It took thirty minutes to get a glass of water, fifteen minutes to get our alcoholic beverages. The mixed drinks were not good at all and all the draft beers tasted the same. I seriously could not tell the difference between Coors Light and Miller Light, so I dont know what they were pushing through those taps. 

Now the food...The food was very bland and plain. Very overpriced. Our meals took forever to get to us and they only brought half or meals. We had to ask for the rest. 

We also had to ask for the check, and then it took forever as our waiter was chatting it up with his friends standing outside the restaurant. Seriously? He also offered the police officer working there a beer that he was holding and then started laughing at his own joke. The cop didn't find it funny, neither did I as I could not wait to get out of there. I will not be back.
Its crazy to rate this place just on "Uptown Alley" because there are so many different aspects to this amazing place! :) 

1. Bowling Alley: Love it! They have an "Adult: section to bowl in with its own bar that you can also rent out for parties. Its amazing. Also have bowled in the big lanes and have always had a blast. All the staff is very friendly and service is good except the drink and food service was a bit slow. 

2. Red Embers: Really liked the place. Outside seating with some nice fireplaces for ambience. Inside is noisy no matter where you sit because its right across from the kids arcade. Food was decent, service was good but we were sitting at the bar.

3 Lazer Tag: Its lazer tag! It has an upstairs and downstairs. Lots of kids and also adults playing. Awesome thing about the lazer tag is if you get hit your not out! It takes about a minute before your gun and vest recharge and you get to keep playing. They have teams . Red and blue. On your lazer gun is your "team name". Mine was Falcon.. after the time is up you can look on the big screen outside for your "team" name and see how good you did against everybody that was in the game. also see if red or blue team won. We had a blast!

4. Arcade: Pretty good selection of games. Kind of reminds me of what they have at Peter Piper.

5. Karoke: Seems like everytime Im there they have Karaoke or some kind of band. It happens right in the midst of everything! Its like this little stage that overlooks the bowling lanes, arcade and one of the bars.. lol.. Ya, Its pretty entertaining

All in all I love this place. They do have security everywhere but they have always been super cool. Always have a great time here whatever we are doing.
Great place to hangout, especially with large groups. Laser tag, arcade, bowling, 3 full bars, VIP section, lounge, sports area with huge screens, and a pretty good restaurant. We seriously needed something like this in Surprise. I only with they were open later during the week.
We have been there a few times. We love that there is so much to do in one spot. A great place to meet friends and hang out. The only issue I have is that it closes so early on the weekends. We would've loved to have a full adult night out. 

We have yet to experience everything this place has to offer but we had fun in the adult section and plan to use it for our birthday next year!
Our group recently held a bowling tournament at Uptown Alley in the hopes of not just raising funds for scholarships for students in our district, but also to spread some community spirit by supporting a new(er) local business. This review is based on our entire experience.

First of all, Uptown Alley does not really give you any breaks for a group event--not even if you are 501(c)(3) or raising funds for a good cause which they knew was our purpose. They charged us $2 each for shoes and  $15/hr per lane (we had 20 lanes reserved). So essentially, we would have to raise at least $1000 just to break even. We were told they would open up early for us at 8AM but we had to be out by 10AM when they opened. Come to find out they already open at 8AM on Saturdays so they weren't doing us any big favors. They wouldn't help us advertise our event in their facility even though it would have helped draw people to their business. They offered us no freebies to our participants to encourage them to come back. Our group has over 2000 members in the local community that we could market Uptown Alley to and support as a local business but nope...they weren't interested in that at all. We weren't allowed to bring in donuts, juice, coffee or any food related items for our participants even though it was supposedly before they opened for business. We had to order from their restaurant with the sampling of breakfasty type items they had. Essentially, we were made to feel like they were REALLY going out of their way and doing us a favor by even allowing us to have our event there at all. If we weren't so set on trying to support a local business, we really would have gone somewhere else but our group really does make an effort to keep it local whenever possible. 

The day of our event went off without a hitch. The staff was polite, courteous, helpful, kind and considerate. This definitely made up for the way we were treated in arranging this event. The bowling was fun with plenty of space, broad shoe selection, decent food, and drinks. The service was a bit slow considering they knew we had a group coming. There was 1 server for all of us and we were the only people in the place...which did open at 8AM per the sign on the door and their website! And he didn't really come back to check on us so my lane's guests only had 1 drink and that was it. The food was alright though and was definitely not what you would expect from bowling alley cuisine. Our group had fun though...but I think it's because it was a fun activity. I mean who doesn't enjoy BOWLING?

As I've understood it in my efforts to market this event, Uptown Alley isn't very community friendly at all. Our district's special education classes don't even go here because they won't give them a break on price! They go to Peoria to AMF! I'm sorry but if you can't support Special Olympics or SPED and give those kids a break, that's just not saying much about your business's philosophy.

So, although I'd like to say I'd go back to Uptown Alley because they are a local business and its important to support local businesses, it  might be solely as an independent person but not as part of my 501(c)(3) group.  I'm inclined to pass on group efforts since I believe that local businesses should also be supportive of the community. It's got to be a give-and-take relationship.
When thinking about how to review my experience with Uptown Alley, this could have been a really long review.  For the sake of brevity, I am just going to get right to the point.   AVOID.  Serious safety issue here when considering this is supposed to be a place for children as well as adults.

There are crazy's and chemically unbalanced people everywhere, and I get that.  So I will not spend my review telling you about how some chemically unbalanced and likely very unhappy woman started yelling at my son and 9 other of his friends because they dared to enter the lazer tag room at the same time as her "private party".  Luckily for the sake of all humanity, she yelled and screamed at the kids (during a two minute window where I was inattentive and dared to use the restroom) to the point where one of the kids was crying because of this crazy lady.  

Anyways, my real problem is not the crazy lady, because in the end her own self-made Karma will probably get her in the form a divorce or two...  but the real problem is that the management at Uptown should have told her bluntly to not yell at children like that.  She was unhinged and should have been removed from the premises.  Her drinking problem should not have resulted in my group of children being yelled at.

So to Uptown Alley, here is all I can really say to you....great property, nice alley...but if you do not have the moral fortitude to stand up protect children (which you did not because your manager explained to me the lady yelling at MY kids had spent a lot of $ on her party...) then you are not in the right.

AVOID UPTOWN ALLEY.  Make the drive to a competitor.  The management here did not do the right thing when it mattered.
Too loud, too out of control, no staff around to offer any help. Screaming preteens running wild everywhere right next to adults drinking. Bad combination if this is supposed to be a family hangout.
2 games for 4 people with shoes was $52.00.   Not horrible.  Not cheap.  Good time?  Yes!
I've been visiting my in-laws here in Surprise for about 12 years now and it doesn't cease to amaze me how much it's grown.

Now that I have kiddies in tow a place like Uptown Alley is definitely welcomed. My first visit was mid-week and right when it opened so it wasn't busy at all and everything was clean and refreshed and service was on point and friendly.

People of Surprise, I don't think ya'll know how spoiled you are with a modern facility like this. I'm from SF but live in HI and believe it or not but a clean, updated, kid friendly and affordable bowling alley with good food and drinks is non-existent in SF and Hawaii. All the bowling alleys are OLD and pricey.  And with the exception of Aiea Bowl (Shout out to Alley Restaurant!) the food is always mediocre. 

This place has automatic scoring and bumper guards that pop up when a kid comes up to bowl!  So then you don't have to get a kids only lane, both kids and adults can bowl at the same time! Sweeeeeet!

I even came back a second time to watch a Niner game as the amount and sizes of TVs in this place are impressive. It was really busy in the bar areas but the service was still good. At any rate bummers others don't like Uptown Alley as much as me, but then again you don't know what you have until you just don't have it! My recap:

Pros:
-Something for everyone: A small lounge area with TVs, a big sports bar area with massive screen and tvs all around, private rooms, small arcade area (which our 3-5 year olds enjoyed). 
-The automatic bumper guards that pop up for every kid that bowled! Sold!
-Really good chips and salsa
-Affordable (well to this Californian Hawaiian it is)
-Lot's of promo nights, like kids bowl free, $2 games etc etc.


Cons:
-Non that I can think of really. Maybe I'll come here on a Friday night or when a band is playing, so it's super busy and I can get irriated like other people. NOT. lol....
I'm giving this place 5 stars because the concept is awesome.  I have only been here twice but I am certain I will go back.  It is a huge place with a bar (2 I think), arcade, upscale bowling alley, laser tag, and I am sure i am missing stuff because I have not even walked the entire place.  It is nice, new, and upscale for a casual place for families.  It is really loud which is good if you already have kids since you don't want yours standing out.  There are huge TV screens all over and one that must be over 100", the drinks are decent and the prices are typical (don't come here if you are cheap).  The service is pretty good, never had a problem and the food was okay but all I have eaten was steak sliders (which barely had sliced beef on it) and chicken fingers (cant really screw that up).  I do want to go back and eat here again since I really didn't go hungry so to be fair I wont deduct for the food.  I really appreciate places like this for families to go.  So once again it gets 5 stars just for existing and if you demand perfect service or complain about every little thing,  I really don't want you to be in the same building as me anyway...you are probably annoying.
Very cool place!  When bowling, service is slow. Just go get drinks or food from the bar! Otherwise, great atmosphere and nice set up in the bowling alley!
For a fun game of bowling, this is the place to go. Modern lane design, good food, entertainment, even a game arcade for the kids. If you want to hang out with friends for food and drink in a more adult environment, there is a second bowling area with its own lanes and bar, lounge chairs, a dance floor area, a DJ to handle the music, and pool tables.
Okay.  First off, I have been to a lot of places like Uptown Alley.  But there is only one Uptown Alley.  This place is crazy big with so much to do for young and old- bowling, arcade, billiards, lazer tag, a full bar and restaurant.  This place has it all.  
It is kind of overwhelming.  The place is definitely not a place for some peace and quiet especially in the bowling alley and arcade areas.  Screaming kids is kind of the norm in these areas.  Don't be surprised to see a screaming adult once in a while as well.  The place is chaotic but fun.
I did find the restaurant to be more peaceful.  I enjoyed a meal with my wife and some friends there.  I recommend the spaghetti and meatballs.  The meatballs are meaty and flavorful and the sauce they use is on the spicy side.  Served in a oversized bowl.  The spaghetti is amazing.  The highlight of the whole place.  Writing this I am kind of sad because it's a state away and I won't be back in the area until next spring.
The spaghetti alone gives me a reason to come back here.  We didn't get to do any bowling or any of the other stuff available to do there due to prior plans that night.  Just enough time to eat and go.  Next time I am bringing my bowling ball to Arizona.  You have to check this place out to believe it.
My husband and I thought we would check this place out on one of date nights. We went on a Saturday night so it was pretty packed. We walked in and saw a band playing. Acoustics were terrible. Couldn't make out at all what the band was playing but I'm guessing that it was bad 90's music. Once we squeezed ourselves through the crowd to see what we could do we saw that it was a pretty big place with screaming kids running all over. Tried to get a lane to bowl on. Was told that it going to be OVER a hour wait. Ok, that's fine. Its a Saturday night we figured, so we went to the bar to get a drink. Took forever just to get the bartender's attention and the bar area only have 5-7 people in there! Once I did get their attention I asked them to make a drink, but they didn't have apple schnapps to make it with. Okay, well I was just about to order another drink when the woman WALKS AWAY to go talk to the other bartender there! Just WOW. That was it. And I wasn't about to try to wait another 10 minutes just to get their attention again while they had their personal conversation. So we walked out of the bar DRINKLESS. We left right after that. Maybe we just didn't go on a good day, but we were pretty disappointed by the whole thing.
I love this place.  We had a small unofficial birthday party for my youngest step-son here this last weekend.  I didn't do a party package (I priced that it is was pretty steep, but seemed almost worth it cuz of the attention you get and space... ) but anyway.  We still had plenty of room, and lucked out big time to be there during the anniversary party and got 2 for 1 deals on game tag, and great arcade deals.  The kids were so busy we didn't have time to enjoy the anniversary bonus activities, bounce house and face painting.  We also ordered pizza and I was impressed with how yummy it was.  It costs more than it should, but it is good.  Our waitress was super nice also.  The staff we encountered we all in a good mood, even though they were busy, so I really appreciated that.  (We have been here in the past and not experienced this, one employee was more than rude, but I didn't see him this time.)  Cant wait to come back for an adult night with the hubby and get a cab home! :)
Cheese Curds!
Wow the place is huge, pricey but set up is legit and clearly bowling and laser tag are taking new leaps for the west valley. This place has arcades, live bands, laser tags and of course the bowling lanes.  I am not much of a bowler but the lanes are really nice and there is a designated area for all ages and then there are those for the adults.  This is really nice for the adults because you can have a great bar to yourself and the food is very good.  We ordered pizza's, wings, and mozzarella sticks which all were very good for a bowling shop.  

For those businesses looking for a conference room, they have them.  I have not looked into pricing because my office is so far from this place, but I will share they seem very state of the art and are large enough for a good size group.
pretty awesome place.  A lot to do and it's good for adults and kids.  My son, wife and I went to hang out with friends and had a blast.  Bowled the best game of my life!  130!! haha
My husband and I have been coming here for a little while now and we love their happy hour. Well drinks and select drafts are $2 along with half price appetizers. The bartenders are pretty awesome and pour some strong drinks.

We have had most of their appetizers. Our favorites would have to be: meatball sliders, turkey/bacon sliders, southwest rolls and cheese curds. I personally have never had real cheese curds so I'm sure they don't taste like what most people are used to but I love them. Then again who doesn't love fried cheese?
Pretty cool place. Somewhat pricey for families.
Probably one of the best places in the valley to bring the kids and watch a football game.   The kids can play laser tag, video games and bowling while you enjoy the game on humongous projection screen. Good service and decent food.
Surprise so needed this place! Lot's of family fun!
We went to Uptown Alley to bowl and play laser tag with our family. It is clean and inviting when you enter. All the staff seemed friendly and helpful. We bowled 2 games with our kids first. The bowling area was comfy and inviting. A good thing to know when bowling with children, you can set up the bumpers to just be on for the kids turn and not all bowlers on that lane. We enjoyed the chip trio (3 dips with chips) for $10.99. The dips were good,maybe a tad under salted, but would order them again. The overall the taste and presentation seemed worth the money. The waitress was very attentive and friendly and supplied us with additional chips to finish the dips and was great at making sure we had enough to drink- even though we only asked for water. The laser tag area was big, air conditioned well, and had plenty of hiding areas and the upper level. 
We will definitely be going back to enjoy some more fun. My only negatives are that it can get pricey (but what can't for a family of 4-6?) I was hoping we could find coupons or specials for combo pricing, but no such luck. 
We recently (in July) visited Wazees World for our sons birthday and compared to Uptown Alley, we would definitely go back to UA. We would have heard about UA sooner if they had more advertising!
Went to Uptown Bowling to celebrate a friends special event. Food was good, waitress was good. But once it hit like 8pm (maybe 9pm) the Adults only area turned into a "strip joint". The lights went down and video screens went up and apparently instead of Vevo or MTV videos that are appropriate for all races, they only played naked "silhouetted" African Americans. I'm sorry but I didn't pay for 2 hours of bowling to watch naked girls on the screen while I'm bowling. I'm so offended that I will never go back. I get playing to one race, but what about the rest?  I'm not racist or sexist, but seriously...it was totally geared toward the black man.  Unfortunately, that's not the only people in your crowd. I talked to several strangers in the restroom who were as offended as I.
Nothing says it's the holidays like a long wait so you can enjoy terrible service! Empty glasses on the table and service help that's too busy talking to each other does not equal a big tip!
This place has everything! Best bowling alley ever! Love the fact that they have separate adult bowling lanes as well.
It's food is over priced and the atmosphere is loud and chaotic. Even though there is an 'adult section', just consider this mainly a hot spot for kids and immature teenagers.
My holiday work party took place here, but I've been here several times before for happy hour. The happy hour food typically seems pretty good, but I'm not sure if that's the happy hour drinks "talking" or my actual true fondness of comfort appetizers post-work days. 

I like Uptown Alley, because it is one of the few places that you can go to on the West side of town that offers so many things at one place. Maybe I don't want to drive an entire hour to Lucky Strike downtown but I still enjoy the luxuriousness of sitting on nice couches and a "fancier" setting while bowling. Uptown Alley is the answer!

Kids have plenty of fun too! There's a big laser tag area as well as a gaming area that although not quite as big as Dave and Buster's, it still has plenty of similar new games at hand. They're not just for kids either. Adults can partake in the fun too!

There is a restaurant that serves decent food, and they're very well organized at handling private parties. 

If you don't want to be around kids, there's even a separate "club" area for adults only to enjoy bowling, games, and drinks. 

I'm really happy to have this place around! It's so convenient, because you can always find stuff for people with all interests to do or enjoy!
My boyfriend and I have been to this location before quite a few times with ok results. The last couple of time we have had some problems. The Uptown alley website tells you about these amazing bowling deals from 10pm - close you can bowl with shoes for $10 on Thursdays. That's great lets go do that.. Oh wait you have to be over 21 to get into the premises after 10 pm, It doesn't say anywhere near the deals anything about this age restriction, You have to hunt for it at the bottom of the page in the smallest writing they have on the whole website. We tend to go to other bowling alleys now, The music is always extremely loud and the screens above the lanes are usually playing sports on most of them, Not music videos or something worth watching. Wanna watch the game? Go watch it in the bar area with all the other fans.
This is how you do entertainment. Um, let me modify that for clarity, this is how you do entertainment for several target audiences. Young, old, sports fans, bowlers, gamers, and the list goes on. I live much closer to this awesome venue now and as long as they keep doing things right, I should be a regular for some time to come.

The first time I visited Uptown Alley was when a friend of mine's band was playing there. Yes, I said they had a live band. When I heard he was playing at a bowling alley, my suspicions of his talents were in question. This was my first time to see him play, mind you. Low and behold, my buddy drummed like a mad man and sang like a boss! Which brings me to my point, this was much more than just a bowling alley. It is a rather sprawling multi-purpose facility. Restaurant, arcade, laser tag, bar, sports lounge, and of course bowling. It's a pretty massive place. I had a couple beers, listened to the music, and called it a night. Very good first impression.

My most recent trip was with family to go bowling. We walked right up, grabbed some shoes, and I was chucking gutter balls before you could say "SSSTTTTEEEEEERIKE!" (best said in Al Bundy tone). We ordered a plate of bacon cheese fries while we played a lazy game of pins from a very attentive and pleasant waitress. The bacon cheese fries were pretty good. They sat like a bowling ball in my guts but bowling was never cultured as a San Franciscan vegan sport anyway. I also never saw the bottom of my glass which is always good. Fear not, it was only tea. After a couple games of bowling around the corner to the arcade and some games of air hockey we went. Nobody was injured, so I call that a win.

I would like to emphasize the staff here. I have never had an unpleasant interaction with any of them. It's not like I specifically interviewed anyone and asked about their hopes and dreams but I think you know what I mean. They were knowledgeable, efficient, and best of all friendly. You absolutely need that at an establishment like this. It just makes wrangling the kids together easier knowing you are going to a place where the only attitude you will get is when your kid bowls a better game than you. It's also handy when bellying up to the bar and bartender gives you a smile. It just brings a place like this up a notch from an already solid entertainment model.

This place is great. It's clean, has a warm feeling, and is inviting as soon as you go through the front doors. The layout is logical and easy to navigate. Long rounded walkways make it fun just to travel around the different areas of Uptown Alley whether you are going to the bar for a beer or to the restaurant to rejoin your party. Even the walls are infused with decorative glass or at the very least have paintings to keep the flow going. There are private lanes and rooms for the more mature patrons giving the option of getting a little more intimate with your friends and/or significant others. So the next free night you have with some buds or the family, head on down with a couple dollars and an some energy for fun because this place is sure to have something up your alley. 

I sort of feel bad for that last line, but I am going to leave it in anyway.
This place needs some work for sure! First off how do you not have the ball ramps for younger kids?? You mean to tell me they are all broken?? How frustrating! There were many parents that felt ripped off because of the simple fact that the children were displeased with not being able to bowl with the ramps. It's was a sore sight to see looming down the lanes that every young child was upset cause they couldn't bowl like they anticipated with the ramps. After having bare witness with my grand daughter being let down and disappointed I doubt I will ever return to this place. Can't go wrong with their competitors. One day not have the ramps for kids cost this place my future business.
This is your standard Bowling and Entertainment Center. The food is good, service is good, and the place is clean. You can eat, drink, bowl, play games, lazer tag, ect..
Only complaint is that the dinning areas are a little too loud for dinner conversation.
This is a cool bowling alley with a bar, large game area, live music, restaurant, large TVs and laser tag I think? Games are reasonably priced. I think I paid $30 for unlimited amount of games in an hour or so? Don't even know if that's saving a lot of money if even any but I'll go with it! Only sucky thing is if you're bowling, it takes forever to order drinks and to get them!
:-/
What sucks about this place is that it could be SO AWESOME if they got their act together. It seems like EVERY TIME I go there the staff screws something up. My latest example was tonight when I wanted to play laser tag. We called ahead and said all systems were go. Then we show up and they say it is closed for a private party? The bowling is expensive. There is nothing special about it to justify the higher price. What sucks is that they know they don't have to provide good service because they are the only game in town. Oh well...
Wow!  Happy hour wings are the best!  Nachos portion is huge and great price for what you get.  You may need to keep on your server cause it's a little hectic in there but happy hour is the way to go here... My kids love the lazer tag and video games!  Not bad for little Surprise ;)
What a cool place! I was hesitant in going at first.  However, my hesitation was almost immediately put to ease!  From the moment we walked in we were met with smiles and wonderful customer service. Not to mention the great interior design of the place.  We had a delicious dinner accompanied by tasty drinks (the bar tender definitely was not stingy on the alcohol) and with happy hour prices all night long our wallets weren't hurting either.  After dinner we spent the rest of the evening in the VIP lounge.  It was really busy with lots of younger kids, so it was nice to have a separate, more quite area to bowl and hang out.  I would absolutely recommend going to Uptown Alley and look forward to my next visit!!
This year, made it back to Uptown Alley. The adults went to the bar to drink cocktails. The kids went to play laser tag. Later everybody, adults and kids, bowled side by side. The younger kids had bumper bowling. The older kids and adults played it straight up. 
Been years since I bowled but I still represented with a 115 first game. Couldn't convert any darn spares. Second game. I rolled a 181. On the second game. In the tenth frame. The bowling alley switched to cosmic bowling. I was like "What the heck?" No lights except the blinking lights in the gutter areas. But no problem. Ten pin spare and a strike. 
After we played some video games. One of the employees sold me a game card but then tried to overcharge me for the card. Kid thought I was a drunk parent or something. Tried to play it off as a joke but I wasn't buying it.
Besides the game card incident. The place was more fun then I remember the last time we visited. Watch out for shady game card salesman and have a blast with family and friends.
Never a bad meal and drinks are made perfectly.
Love  this place! It has a restaurant /bar 
( red embers)  to the left when you walk in. To the right are the arcade games and laser tag..walk straight through and you get to the bowling alley that glows in the dark, to the right of that is a 21 and over bar/bowling alley with couches and High top tables ect... There's also another bar just outside that tucked between the bowling alley and arcade.. Food  is always  amazing.. my favorite is the chicken and vegetables... It has  grilled chicken, asparagus, artichoke hearts , red and green peppers,onion and lots of yumminess. ..... Bonus  for me is that there is karoake with a live band on Thursday nights .amazing sound system and the host is a favorite local entertainer/singer that makes it extra fun. Yes... I love this place!
Great evening out with adults or parties. We love going with our kids the food is great!
LOVE the 21+ bowling and pool area so my SO and I  didn't have to be around the teenage crowd on our date night.

Did NOT like the restaurant.  Slow service combined with a horrible waitress was just bad.  We ordered a custom burger - and she took the liberty to put on all the other condiments on his burger for him "because everybody else does".  If we wanted the custom burger with all the extras, we would have ordered one and she made us feel stupid for complaining about it.  Not going back to the restaurant side ever again.
Went in on a Monday to relax and have a couple brews with friends. We weren't immediately available to order when Kristin came to take our order, besides beers. She eventually took our second round order with food. Her service was extremely slow and not personal. I have been in the service industry in a previous life and know you have to work to turn customers into regulars. This was clearly not an intention of hers. She did check back on us once to see if we needed anything but were okay at the time. We kept talking, hoping she'd come by to see if we were tasty to close out/wanted more or anything but nothing. After 45 minutes, with serious consideration for walking out, I had to go to the bar and ask her for the check. She was pretty nice at that point but it was beyond too late. Avoid the place on a Monday night for drinks!!!
The whole setting of this bowling alley is awesome, but the employees are rude and don't have manners. We were there on a Sunday night and we went up to the bar to order a drink. My husband asked for a pitcher of beer and the bartender with spiky hair said with a rude tone of voice that they didn't have pitchers there. He made us feel very uncomfortable. After we got our beers we went to go bowl. We asked for service so we could order something to eat and we waited around 20 minutes and nobody came to help us, so we decided to leave. As we were leaving my husband saw that there was a laser tag so we were going to go check it out and automatically the girl that was working there by all the prices yelled at us and said we couldn't go in there since there was a game going on. This was our first time here so we didn't know how things worked. We had heard good things about this place, but our experience was horrible! We definitely won't be coming back again.
Hands down best place in surprise! Great food, entertainment! WE LOVE IT HERE! We eat dinner here at least once a week. They wedge salad and loaded fries are to die for!
We did not eat here but we did play games and they were so super! Incredibly clean and well maintained which was great! They had way better prizes as well and I loved the fact that we did not have to hold tickets they loaded directly to the card. I totally want to go back and eat and bowl though!
Can I give zero stars? Hours of operation on the website and door say open at 8 am on Saturday. Well it is 9:15 am and I am standing outside with my husband and kids and the doors are locked. I saw a man inside so I knocked, he motioned to me that it would be a minute. 5 minutes later and no one has come to the door. First time coming here and it is now my last. What a shame.
Been here several times and always have a good experience.  My kids enjoy the bowling and games.  The food and drinks are reasonable.  Food is above average bar food.  The pretzel bite things are the best.  Prices are average.  Sometimes the wait staff leaves you hanging...that's my only complaint.
Extremely excited for what this establishment will bring to Vegas. This is a extremely good reason to visit the strip. The whole place has a great energy and the show line-up is off the hook! 

More details to follow...
This place is awesome. Came here on opening night (accidentally) I'm a local came to check out the Linq outdoor area which is awesome. So Soul Live they were really really great. Had dinner food was pretty good I'd give it a B+ service was speller though! What a cool place to come and hang out bowl watch shows (lineup is diverse with some pretty big names) anyway I'd recommend it for sure and I'll definitely be back (which says a lot bc locals don't hit up the strip too often).
Such a great venue that includes 16 bowling lanes, a restaurant, a stage with dance floor & plenty of bars to keep you hydrated. 

Bowling is $60 a hour for a lane & shoe rentals for up to 8 people. Be sure to try to snag an lane on the second floor because it comes with your own private box on the balcony that overlooks the stage & dance floor! Really is the best seat in the house. 

Food is phenomenal as well. I personally loved the french bread pizza, corn on the cob & the alcoholic milkshake. DO NOT leave without tasting the milkshake! Literally the best milkshake I have ever had. 

I have already bought tickets to come back for another show!
Went here opening weekend. What an amazing time we had. Live music, bowling, and great food and drinks. The decor is cool, the space is huge, and the staff was friendly and very attentive. Our server in the lanes, Tina, did a great job making sure our drinks were never empty and was on her A-game when it came to getting our very (extremely) complicated order right.   Great energy, great experience, and certainly a place I plan on frequenting in the future.   Perfect new weekend spot that everyone should check out.
Super! Great addition to Las Vegas Entertainment, nightlife and music scene. The music sounds real great from any location inside. The bowling is great and food and bar service fantastic. Raising the bar in Las Vegas.
Awesome bowling and venue.  However, even though after 8 p.m., it is supposed to be 21+, the management let in small children who ran through our couch area and jumped on our table where our beer and food was.   Really took away from the fun time we were having.
Fantastic new venue at the Linq.   The staff is friendly, attentive and make sure you are happy.  The bowling is awesome. They bring you your shoes and Ball. Couches to relax and a server brings you your drinks.  Plenty of seating thruout the venue. The concert area is big and well thought out.  Looking forward to returning.  You guys Rock
Very visually appealing. The sound is good for shows. Food and drinks are expensive as with all the new vegas places. Bring your wallet and plan on spending alot for a good time.
I've had the wonderful opportunity to visit Brooklyn Bowl not once, but twice in one week and let me tell you, I couldn't WAIT to write this review.  Instead of writing a review the first time, I waited for two visits, so I could write a really well balanced review. I thought the first time was too good to be true. Man, I'm glad I waited...

FINALLY, a REALLY great space on the strip.  As a local, I try to stay away from the strip as it's too congested and inconvenient for the everyday life.  This place, will absolutely bring me back time and time again.  When you approach "The BB," you'll notice a very aesthetically pleasing olden day-type cinema sign.  From the outside, it doesn't look that big, but don't let that fool you!  Once you enter, you'll make your way up the escalators.  To the right is a little bar, high top table seating area.  This area is full of large windows which offers great views of the Linq.  To the left of the concierge desk are the restrooms and a couple of ATM machines.  Pass the desk and there's either an outdoor space with table tops and a smoking section to the right, and a lovely restaurant with another bar!  Then, the good stuff:  Passed all that, is a HUGE concert venue area and 16 lanes of bowling.  WOW!  Don't worry, there's a few more bars to keep you liquored up all night long.  If that's not enough, make your way to top VIP area where there's lots of balcony space for the concert, sofas for seating and 16 more lanes to bowl on!  In the VIP area, there's also a bar, an outside roof deck and even a very eclectic living room which offers comfortable couches, big screen tvs, quirky signs and lights, all encompassed with a quieter atmosphere.  SOOO AWESOME!!!  

Brooklyn Bowl is full of amazing features. All around, there's leather couches, palm trees, artsy signs, vines covering the walls and lots of exposed brick. Shows lots of character. The staff is also on point!  They are nice, attentive and EVERYWHERE.  All I have to say is the staffing department did an amazing job!  (There's your shout out, Java!) In all seriousness, one of my former coworker left our company to work at this place and I'm glad she did.  I'm absolutely amazed!  On my first visit, our server was Michael, who goes by Micah.  He was AH-MAZE-ING.  So accommodating, so nice and personable, so awesome. I firmly believe the overall experience comes from the tone a server sets and The BB is filled with positive servers and bartenders.  

I'm not going to lie, the drinks aren't cheap.  I payed about $12 for my Ketel One vodka and soda water.  WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?  You're on the strip.  If you're going to come here, make sure you can afford it.  If not, I think Southpoint has bowling and dollar drinks LOL.  I don't mind it at all, because I don't do this very often.  On both visits, I also had the awesome opportunity to try their food for free.  Here's what I had and here's what I thought:

BBQ pork sliders with cole slaw:  The pork was tender and flavorful.  The cole slaw added a crunchy texture and sweet taste.  The bun was good, maybe too thick, but didn't hurt the experience.

The San Gennaro Pizza:  VERY GOOD pizza.  It's filled with sausage, mozzarella and pepper.  This pizza is packed with sausage!  Lots of toppings offered NO complaints LOL. 

Chicken wings:  THE BEST THING THEY HAVE, BY FAR!  The batter was crispy and crunchy and light.  It was so flavorful with spices and not overpowering. It was served with honey which is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  It really just takes the wings to the next level.  So delicious.

Rolling Stone really hit home when they said Brooklyn Bowl is "one of the most incredible places on earth."  I really believe that on a Las Vegas strip perspective.  Who would have thought a venue that offers bowling and live music in one place would be such a hit!  This is exactly what Vegas needed.  Opening up with one of the coolest bands, The Roots, was a great move on their part.  Listen, if you're in the area, turn north on Koval and make a turn into Winnick street.  You need to park your car and walk to Brooklyn Bowl.  This place will blow you away.  Trust me, it's simply AH-MAZE-ING!
This is a brand new venue at The Linq. This place is ridiculously amazing! There's not one bad thing I could say about it. The staff was great and very informative and the bartenders were quick. Nobody ever wants to wait forever for a drink. They had PBR on tap which is my drink of choice so I was happy. They had bowling lanes to the left part of the venue and the stage for shows to the right. I went to see The Roots play and when I went to the bathroom during the show, (a no-no) the speakers were low level and blasting so you don't miss a thing. They were high quality so it made it that much better. They also had an outside patio lounge overlooking the walkway which is pretty chill. It's definitely an amazing new venue that's going to bring a hell of a fight to the Cosmopolitan's venues. Well done Linq, you are genius! Check out a show, you won't be mad.
They are new and are still working the bugs out.

Hours posted outside differ from website. (see photo)

Taxi drop off is NOT available at the time of this review. 

Standing room only to view the concert.

The mixed drink I tried was expensive and not drinkable. I had to toss it out as it tasted like gasoline. I asked for something top self and they didn't carry it.

Sound was good.

Place was kept clean as people were dropping drinks and the workers were quick to clean up.
Items Selected:
The Classic - Tomato, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil
The Theresa - Butternut Squash, Mushrooms, Roasted Garlic
Basket of Smoked BBQ Wings
Fried Chicken Platter - 8 Mixed
Mac & Cheese - Baked with Bread Crumbs
Veggie Buster - Roasted Butternut Squash, Mushrooms, Red Peppers, Artichokes, Eggplant, Olive, Arugula, Mozzarella, Tomatoes, Vinaigrette
Bourbon Street Shake with Nutella and Bourbon
Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream and Hot Fudge
Chocolate Frosted Cupcakes

Knowing full well that testing a restaurant during its early days is always a risky proposition the visit from three friends, all music fans and two vegetarians, made Brooklyn Bowl an irresistible destination for Saturday Night; a night not without mistakes - but not a single one of them involving the food.  Over 80,000 square feet and opening nearly 20 minutes late as staff scrambled and soundcheck overran it must be said that the new Linq locale is beautiful, the dining area, stage, and lanes all up a gleaming escalator and with clever bowling-hip dcor used to divide but not occlude each area from the next both the energy and the volume were high, even with the lanes not opened for "unexpected" reasons.  Settling into our seats, five of us in total, and provided the Blue Ribbon crafted menu service was decidedly rough around the edges - dishes misdescribed, crib notes clearly used, tickets incorrect, and delays plus dropped plates common - but with grace and humor plus a good environment most was forgivable...at least for now.  Moving on to food and beverage, a total of four beers and two milkshakes complimented six plates plus two desserts and with the Bourbon Street Shake and Cookie Dough disguised as French Toast "bread pudding" shining brightly amongst the sweets it was the savories that all wowed; 'bar' or 'bowling-alley' food only in spirit.  Beginning first with toasty pizzas featuring immaculate produce over thick toasted bread and moving on to smoked chicken wings so moist as to fall off the bone without a hint of grease it was what followed that most diners will come for, and with good reason.  Considered by some to be the "best" fried chicken they've ever tasted an 8 piece mixed plate was ordered and delivered alongside breadcrumb crusted macaroni that could certainly generate similar praise the matzo-crusted, brined bird truly was remarkable - just enough spice and salinity in the golden coat plus a chicharone-esque crunch to each bite bringing the quality of the moist bird to the fore. Already running an impressive kitchen in a venue primed to make a big impact in the local music scene it should only be assumed that service and timing will improve and while the 'best' debates will surely continue I know for a fact this was not my last visit to Brooklyn Bowl - gutter-balls and Black Label Society followed by a Banana Split and Molten Chocolate Brownie anyone?
Actually hailing natively from Brooklyn and going to the original Brooklyn Bowl, my initial thoughts were: I wish Vegas would just be itself. But, as I'm learning the longer I'm here, Vegas' culture is actually just an appropriation of all other cultures. 

That being said, it's actually really dope inside - that whole area is incredible - and this Brooklyn Bowl is significantly bigger! It's also not in a giant industrial wasteland, which I appreciate. Got to see The Roots perform for free was a highlight, duh. 

Blue Ribbon: y'all already know. Fried chicken always gets two thumbs up, and a wink! ;)

Lots of attractive locals seem to frequent here, which makes me happy. It's been a LONG TIME coming that Vegas needed a place like this. Somewhere on the Strip that has an open and walkable atmosphere that is down to earth and not something overly kitschy, glitzy, or touristy. I'm sure once The Linq actually opens, it'll be a shit show. Until then, I'm into it. 

Lastly I hung out with Bruce Bromberg on the patio, so obviously that's going to color my opinion. All in all, a wonderful night, and I will be back for many more.
I really dig this venue. The Roots were playing on the night I went - I arrived early to start the night off with drinks and some of their famous fried chicken. 

The fried chicken was top notch. Loved the seasoning on it. Probably the best I've had in this city (Note: Vegas isn't really known for fried chicken). Super juicy, but not too greasy. Real good combo with some beer (Magic Hat on tap) . Came up to $20 for 4 pieces of chicken, collared greens, mashed potatoes, and a slice of white bread. Wasn't too hungry so I shared it with a friend. Good stuff to munch on while waiting. You can either eat indoors or outdoors with a view of the Linq that's great for people watching.

As a music venue, it's really great too. It's just an overall fun atmosphere to be around. Plenty of bars, lots of walking room, and a outdoor 2nd story patio for some air. I also liked the fact that you can get away from the stage to some seats where you can actually hear conversations with company.

I didn't get to try out the bowling, but the alley looked really modern and trendy. More upscale than most bowling alleys that I've seen.

All in all, a really great venue that offers a lot to do. It looks like they have some great artists lined up to perform in the future. I'm definitely going to be dropping by here often.
Great food and atmosphere but two rounds of shots for 5,  a plate of fries and 2 games of bowling came out to 360.00!!!!  I would NEVER go back here. .. way over priced. ..
Because bowling shoes ARE dancing shoes!
It's always tough reviewing concert venues because the actual show is such a major factor. Seriously, Kenny G anywhere (or Kenny Loggins or Kenny Chesney ... pretty much any Kenny) is going to suck. Elvis Costello & The Roots, on the other hand, can make any joint your favorite place on Earth for a night. 
The beauty of Brooklyn Bowl is that it's got its own perfect game going. The people running and staffing BB are a separate class of awesome. (In particular, Adrees Ali earned the title of Grand Protector and Redeemer.) They took us in, made sure we had everything we needed, and sent us home feeling like we'd just found the one true oasis in the desert. 
I confess that I mostly hate Vegas. BB understands that not everyone wants to wallow in the desperate skank that floods every casino and most every corner of the strip. They've found the right blend of food, drink, music, and atmosphere and, naturally, added bowling! It works brilliantly. Even without the tasty grub and ten-pin hijinks, it's a great venue. The sound is excellent, and no matter where you are--from floor to balcony to the bowling deck--you have clear sight lines. The size is ideal (just under 2,000 capacity), and you can tell that the musicians feel the intimacy of it as well. The whole affair is also a screaming good deal. 
If your show starts at 9:00, grab a lane at 7:00. After that, you're taken care of. It's a kind of magic Copperfield can't touch.
Amazing service! Seriously, I don't think I've ever been so picked up after. 
Loved the Rock & Roll fries, but they're an acquired taste for sure. And the fried chicken...so good. Crispy goodness served with collard greens and mashed potatoes.
The atmosphere is fun...a little loud next to the bowling alley, but it's not fine dining so it's not terrible. 
Oh, and the adobo corn...get that!
I am pretty freaking excited that we now have a Brooklyn Bowl! VEGAS is officially taking over! WE ARE FUN! =D

A few days ago, my friends and family went to check it out for the first time to see the Roots (so I have yet to actually bowl there!). There was a huge line outside, but since the venue is pretty big, we got in there fairly quickly.

The stage is fairly small, but there is plenty of room to move around if you are watching the show. There are a couple bars close to the stage, and the bartenders are pretty fast so the lines aren't too CRAY. 

One of the coolest things I observed is that there are bowling lanes upstairs and downstairs! Also, if there is a performance going on, they have huge screens in front of the alley so you can watch while you bowl! 8) Now isn't that cool?!

I will definitely update as soon as I finally go bowling there, but in the mean time- check it out!

PS. I did hear that kids can bowl before 8pm, so you can bring the family!

HAVE FUN! =D
Went there for the Elvis Costello and The Roots concert! What a venue! Had dinner on the patio over looking 16 Block, Hospitality and The High Roller, nice view! Fried Chicken and wings were good.  They serve honey to put on the fried chicken.  The blowling alley has double decker lanes, thought that was super awesome! And at the same time the concert area was jumping! Bars all over, lounge in front is the Bomb! I will be back!
While the concept of Brooklyn Bowl is good and the space for a small concert is great. The security staff is far less than friendly and it's very confusing to know where your "allowed" to go. Many different colored wristbands with no rhyme or reason as to where you can go, and this being a brand new establishment you would think the security would be a bit more friendly when they explain the MANY rules of the place. They definitely need a lesson in customer service.
Only reviewing the concert venue part of Brooklyn Bowl but ASSURE you will be back too not only do some bowling but check out some of the food. I came Brooklyn Bowl check out Elvis Costello and The Roots since won tickets on yelp. Shout out too Drew A. He is always working hard coming up with great events and hooking yelpers with all kine tickets. I do like both bands just so you all know but truth just as excited too check out Brooklyn Bowl. I had no idea the concert venue going too be set up. Me not exactly concert guy but been too few different locations for concert in Vegas and nothing like the venue at Brooklyn Bowl. Really not just Vegas but could not think of another venue with the whole vibe with everything else going on around and just the walk too Brooklyn Bowl down the Linq really unique. 

Lets start with walking down cobblestone street too Brooklyn Bowl one that marquee not miss with bright colors and really stand out. Along the way bunch of other restaurants, shops, and few more things not yet open but excited about. Once you get in take escalator upstairs since nothing on ground level. As you get up kind of excitement of unknown the first time all you see is the Brooklyn Bowl sign. Soon you walk in go music playing that most part current stuff and high energy music. The views you see from Brooklyn Bowl from the bar close too the front has great view of The Linq also the restaurant (really not much of restaurant terms of size, not one of the main focus more on the bowling alley and the concert venue; but admit too credit or have no idea no short cuts comes too the food) and best part concert venue patio area open air that chill outside people watch or enjoy the weather. If really bored can look into these observation binoculars see on top of the empire state building. Though not sure you be looking at but like the decor not only with the binoculars but potted plants and lounge vibe. 

The concert venue. Five star more like Six stars in Sugi world. I much more enjoy small venue than big ass venues because get too appreciate the music and the artist on another level. Also not so small that feel trapped in box bump into people or people blocking your view and might get irritated. Brooklyn Bowl had that balance. Yay the stage not that big but still stage that do lot especially with the lighting. The sound system is awesome! I was kicking in back with my friend. You could hear Elvis and The Roots clearly. Even off the dance area in the back can see the performer clearly or if need close up televisions all around (yes even if bowling like free concert literally behind you) plus behind the bar never miss beat. The bars think five star set up!!! Why??? Most places have one or two bar set up not design with the flow or traffic pattern once the concert starts up. One off the side next too the stage and two more in the back area. So not like trample over people too get beer or drink. The space around the dance area and god love the open space feeling from two levels (second level vip). Sunday so maybe concert on friday/saturday might not be as spacious but still LOVE the set up. Great vibe!

Brooklyn Beer is Awesome!! I had all three Lager, Brown, Pilsner. Highly recommend if love craft beers definitely another reason too come Brooklyn Bowl. Assure you be back for the bowling, food, and more craft beer!!!
I went on one of the nights they offered free bowling for 90 minutes plus half off food for locals.  Couldn't get over the size of the place!  Vegas has come a long way from the Gold Coast bowling alley.  At least GC still has all those great photos of people in bowling poses for scoring 300.  

Good luck throwing a 300 here!  If anyone manages to do it with all the flashing lights and pizza grease on your thumb enhancing the spin of the ball ever so slightly, you might test positive for some substances.  I'd also like to meet you. 

But bowling good isn't what it's all about at Brooklyn Bowl.  I feel that's true but I might still be like 2% sore over losing to a girl.  Not even barely.....dominated.  The atmosphere is really cool, good beers on tap starting at $8, and the balcony could be sneaky chill when it gets warmer.  A lot of fun will be had at this venue.      

I wasn't digging the seats for bowling.  It would have been awkward if our party of 4 all sat on the big leather couch together as it was a tight squeeze.  The party of 8 across our table were pretty bunched up.  It also would've been kind of a mess had they ordered drinks and food too since all 12 of us were sharing one (albeit long) table.  

Definitely dine before bowling because eating with your hands, playing with balls and then eating more is gross.  Someone is bound for pink eye or worse.  Although "The Fatty" pizza was Stouffer's French bread pizza on steroids delicious, I had to eat it with a fork while standing.  That's kinda lame.  

It's all minor stuff in the whole picture of things.  Can't wait to check out some shows!  Lots of great acts on the schedule already.
This venue is mind-blowing!! Music, booze, food, and bowling all in one roof... it definitely can't get any better than that.

Came in to see The Roots and their set was ridiculous!! The stage is quite small but wasn't too crowded. There are also about 5 bars throughout the place serving Brooklyn brews on tap.  How dope is that though?!

What I'm most excited about Brooklyn Bowl: Bromberg Brothers serving Blue Ribbon fried chicken right around my neighborhood till four in the morning.  Make sure to eat it with hot sauce and honey... foodporn!!

Bowling alleys on two floors with one overlooking the stage.  I'm not much of a bowler but I'd actually try it out in this place.  Not sure if you need show tickets to bowl when someone's performing.  They also stream the concert at the front of the alley so players can see what's going on at the stage while having a game.  Then again, why trade an epic live performance with bowling?!

Overall, Brooklyn Bowl is certainly one of Las Vegas' awesome music venues.  I pick this over Boulevard Pool/House of Blues any day.
Great design but many rules and loads if security like a night club but during the day.
really rad place, bowling, concerts, food, drinks, patio, nice atmosphere, plenty of room to have a good time. I will be seeing more shows here in the future!
Brooklyn Bowl is by far the most amazing indoor music venue I've ever been to and without a doubt the coolest new spot in Las Vegas.  Finally, a 21+ venue that books great talent and does not focus on electronic music, DJs, or the Vegas club scene!

We grabbed tickets to see Local Natives on Sunday night.  First of all, the venue is absolutely gigantic. From the outside, I would never have expected it to be this big. There's a restaurant area (I'll be back to check out the food) and about 5 different bars that make a nice exterior border of the space. There are TWO floors everyone has access to - each floor with bars along side the stage.  On tap options include Rogue Dead Guy Ale and three different "Brooklyn Brews" beers. The bar staff was also really friendly and helpful - after ordering a Dead Guy Ale and a coke, the bar tender asked if the coke was for my DD and when I said yes, she said no charge. Little things like that really made me feel happy about where I'm spending my time and money. 

I don't think there's a bad view of the stage from any spot in the entire venue. The "floor" area in front of the stage looks big at first glimpse, but as soon as the band takes the stage and begins to play, the area immediately begins to feel more intimate, which makes for a great live music atmosphere. The venue also has pretty solid audio-visual. They're not trying to do too much by hanging huge screens everywhere or over the top lights and LED/laser shows.  Instead, the focus is on the band and the music, highlighted with an impressive mix of smoke effects and color schemes. No distractions - let the music and venue speak for itself.  The sound was absolutely incredible too - from every angle. I stood on the floor, on the side of the stage at the bar, in the back, upstairs, and in a booth at the bowling alley and the sound was consistently great. I'm not sure if this was because Local Natives was playing (they are SUCH a great live band), but I was super impressed by Brooklyn Bowl's acoustics.  

Oh yeah, there is a bowling alley inside with lanes on both floors!!! At the back of every lane, there is a giant leather booth that overlooks the stage so you don't miss anything while you're bowling ... or, so you can just hang out and enjoy the show. Reserving a lane is probably the way to go when you've got a big group of friends - drink/food service, seating, bowling, and huge screens above every lane that show a live feed of the band that's playing. Can this place get any cooler??  

I found my new favorite hangout and with the lineup they've created for the next few months, Brooklyn Bowl has something for everyone. Check this place out - you won't be disappointed.
Came here for a concert the other night and I absolutely loved it! The whole bowling, restaurant and concert venue concept is amazing. 

The place is huge. I was very impressed when I first walked in. The atmosphere is nice... Dark lighting, cool designs. Took the escalators upstairs and the place gets even better. Their restaurant is there along with the bowling lanes and the stage concert area. It was extremely open. I went to the local natives concert and there were a lot of people there but still so much open space! I did not feel closed off at all. 

After the opening band, there was an intermission so my friends and I decided to check out the restaurant (because we heard how amazing their fried chicken was). The seats were great... had an awesome view of the bowling lanes. The stage itself was blocked by some funky looking clowns on a wall but we could still see what was going on, on the stage, from the giant tv screens behind the bowling lanes. It seems like you can come here just to dine, during a concert... without concert tickets! I'll have to check it out again. 

Totally impressed about this place. What a great addition to the strip/Vegas!
I can't believe I missed this place on my reviews for vegas last weekend.   It was fantastic.  Blue Ribbon food.   The beers and drinks were cheap and Vahe (sp?) made us the sickest dirty Martini's ever.   They really know what they are doing...far enough from the new LinQ (when will it ever open?) and close enough to the strip.   You can stumble right into the new O'sheas!    There was a bartender in the corner by the bowling alley in the dark and she would come out now and then to change the margarita slush or whatever.  We didn't mind because she was in yoga pants and had ass for days.   Make sure you go!!
Came here on a Thursday night and we had a blast! The live music was great while playing bowling! Locals get to bowl for free so definitely check this place out if you are a local!
Another pretty dam cool place.

Adult wonderland or Adult chuckie cheese! I don't know. This business covers every base for a good nice out. Great bar, extensive menu, bowling lanes and with a live band venue what more could you want!

Trying a new place is always fun, and this place for sure has the wow factor. A nice escalator to take you up to the second floor, our group was greeted and sat at a nice table close to the bowling lanes.

Ordering some corn on the Cobb to start then into some flatbread pizza and last but not least the fried chicken!!! Now this is the food to get!!! Light, dark or mixed fried chicken was tasty and well presented. Few pints of Mad Hat and we were off.

With bands playing most days of the month this place will be a venue to keep an eye on!
Came here excited to check it out! Waited over a half hour +  for my appetizer only for it to Come with my food... The food was cold and wasn't the best quality, was expecting the chicken dinner to be amazing and was disappointed ! After waiting that long there is no reason the food should have been cold! The only perk was that the music and atmosphere was good! I appreciate the manager taking the appetizer off the bill and bringing new food that was hot but shouldn't have had to wait that long and it made for a bad first impression ! Not to mention the drinks were over-priced and Came out half full! If your going to charge an  arm and a leg at least make it worth it
Came to one of the best concerts I have ever been to at this venue. Was able to be so close I could read the set list (and I am short!). The drinks were very expensive. I didn't sample any of the food but very much appreciated the intimate venue experience.
Went to see Cake on our anniversary.
It's a pretty nice venue, not my favorite in town but nice none the less. 
Park at The Linq parking lot, it's a short walk away to The BB and  lots of shops and restaurants.
We didn't eat or bowl while inside but we did drink, nice selection of booze but the prices are steep. Our concert tickets were a bit pricey too, compared to other shows we've been to in town.
The sound was good, no complaints, it wasn't over crowded, even on the floor. I think the floor is a bit small but it's nice to be able to actually see who is singing. There are only a few tables with chairs, so expect to stand. The floor is flat, so you will have an obstructed view if you are short. 
It's a cool place, lots of great shows are scheduled. I will definitely go back!
I definitely see the potential as far as the bowling and drinks.. But when it comes to food to price.... HORRIBLE. We ordered the calamari which was $14.50 to our waiters advice and hand motion the portion size was decently large.. WRONG! The burger and fries were decent also but definitely NOT. Worth the price.
Sorry to say but as much as I really like the place as a music venue; I was extremely disappointed with the food.  We ordered their renowned world famous fried chicken and the Chile Rubbed Ribeye steak.
I've had the fried chicken before at Blue Ribbon Sushi in NY and at The Cosmo here in Vegas. This was not the same. I actually think they might have forgotten to double dip it in the batter.  The skin coating was kind of thin and not that crispy. The ribeye was just plain fatty and chewy. Additionally, although I ordered it "Medium" it was clearly delivered "Rare".
I might give the fried chicken another chance due to its reputation but the ribeye was clearly an inferior/cheap cut they are serving.  And although they have only 8 or 10 tables outside I enjoy al fresco dining this time of year in Vegas.

I do really enjoy the entertainment and feel of the place. I've already seen 3 live shows here and look forward to seeing a few more.  Maybe even doing some bowling next time.
Came here for dinner, waiters took a while to get our order and there was not alot people. We ordered "The Theresa" and the Corn on cob with chili, cheese and lime. The food tasted fine but i feel like it was overpriced, $6 for one corn on a cob with chili and cheese? come on now.
This is my second trip to Brooklyn Bowl since it opened. First time I saw Cake and the venue size versus crowd was completely excellent. 

This time I went for food and I have to give huge props to the host staff. I called a reservation, but wasn't going to make it because some ridiculous concert was going on in the free outdoor lot for the Linq. After being turned away from no less than four lots (seriously security/traffic control WTF it's pretty anti-business), ended up parking at Caesars. Gillian saved my table! And was extremely courteous to my party. Gillian made our night! 

Food was alright-- decent prices for downtown. Fried chicken was excellent, must have been a good night.
Came here for a Sunday lunch and was impressed by the atmosphere and just how genuinely cool this place is. Decided to try some food in the restaurant area behind the bowling alley. The little clown faces are cool to look at. Now, for the food I decided to try the ribeye which was ok. I should've gone with something else more closer to the other items on the menu. My girlfriend had the fried chicken which was delicious. I wish I would've grabbed that instead. I kept picking off her plate the whole time. The chicken was really juicy on the inside and the skin had a great crunch and just an overall great flavor. The price is about $20 which comes with four pieces of chicken and mash. I will definitely be getting that the next time I come here. Oh, and make sure to use the hot sauce which added that extra kick. All in all I would recommend this place if you're willing to spend a little more money on a dinner or lunch that you normally would.
Booked a few bowling lanes for my wife's birthday and everyone had a great time.  They quoted some insane prices for lanes during concert hours so I booked prior.  Things ended up working out for us because for whatever reason it was not that crowded and we were able to stay a little longer to finish our games (because we got started late).  The manager was a real nice guy and was very accommodating...he actually ended up comping us the bowling charge (which was already lower than what I was quoted when I booked.  I'm not sure why there was a disconnect but my guess is that they are still figuring things out and adjust based on the crowd.

A few critiques - I think the bowling system is nothing special and it appears the pins are actually attached to strings (not sure if this makes for quicker racking or what).  I only mention this because it seemed extremely difficult to get a strike and I think this is why...I mean, we all pretty much sucked but even some drunk blind squirrels can find a few strikes once in awhile.  I did think the pitchers were a bit overpriced and is probably something they should consider adjusting along with the beer selection. 

I really did like the fried chicken and disagree with previous comments about its quality.  Not saying they couldn't have made a bad batch, but ours was excellent.  Super hot, crunchy, cooked perfectly and tasted great with the honey and hot sauce.  It was even good left over the next day.  The wings were pretty hearty and juicy as well.  It would be nice if they offered some additional snack food like popcorn or pretzels (hard or soft) and mustard for bowlers.

Overall, I think everyone had a good time.  Brooklyn Bowl offers a pretty unique experience for the strip.  The actual building itself is huge and provides a really great atmosphere, especially when the music selection in entertaining (the DJ was doing well for awhile then the genre changed and somewhat lost us).

They also feature a very enticing brunch menu which I am eager to check out.  Stay tuned I guess....
Service 5 star venue 5 star everything here is 5 star. Highly recommend it.
Weren't very hungry but really wanted to try the fried chicken .. unbelievable!  Light, crispy, must try it for yourself!
Could you hide this place any worse? The entire area sucks. Parking is a mess. Foot traffic is horrible. Connections to the monorail are a nightmare. 
The good news is that the ownership and staff are open to suggestions and are trying to improve the information about the area  
Food was decent. Service was excellent.
The Roots, Lauryn Hill, Disclosure, Local Natives, Flume, Chance, Bonobo... these are some of the artists that Brooklyn Bowl has or will welcome with open arms. 

With that being said, this place is amazing!! Diverse genres of music and an awesome venue. Go up an escalator and you're where the magic happens. Do you like to bowl, eat, and listen to music while drunk? Then this is your place. Gotta add, ordered a vodka redbull and they did not hold back on the alcohol. Brooklyn beers also available on tap.

The restaurant serves some good fried chicken from Blue Ribbon. Add some of their hot sauce or soak that ish' in honey and your set. Their fries with cheese and gravy are worth trying too but attack it immediately and eat it when hot. You can even pass on eating inside the restaurant and sit at their outdoor area overlooking Sprinkles and the High Roller. Asked our server it it'd be possible to eat at the restaurant during performance nights, she inquired, and said that it shouldn't be a problem. 21+ after 8p.

Honestly, this is probably one of the coolest venues I've been to. Good job, Vegas!
This place has FANTASTIC FOOD! Their flatbreads are enough to feed two and are just to die for. When we entered the restaurant, service was great. The hostess was very welcoming, asked if we wanted to see the menu and that sat us right away. 

The service was a tad bit slow when it came to our server. That is why I'm going to give it 4 stars. I know it's a new establishment so i'm almost confident they will fix their issues here and there. He did apologize and was SO KIND. We were very happy with his service. It is also a little tight and a little loud in there, so nothing romantic or intimate in this restaurant!
Props for the overall venue, but I grew up bowling old school style. This is a concert venue/bowling alley hybrid & I'm not sure what to make of it!
Disclaimer-
I won free bowling, concerts & comped food & drink from vegas seven. I was treated well and given a great bowling lane. We enjoyed the BLT (really good), french fries, and a few drinks. Prices are high for drinks, beer is $7-8, speciality drinks are $12. This may be on par with drink prices at other venues at the Linq, I'm just used to locals prices off the Strip
During concerts, the screens on the lanes project the show. Looking forward to returning for another night of bowling!
Located at the Linq, my new fav spot.  If you want easy parking, valet at the Linq.  Brooklyn Bowl did not disappoint.  Came here for a concert on two different occasions, The Roots and The Green and will return for Lauryn Hill.  Concert wise, this place is totally set up.  Reminds me of House of Blues but on a WHOLE different level, 100x better.  They already have concerts set up through the months so you can plan when to return here sometime soon if you are a local of Las Vegas.  

Food wise, food is pretty tasty.  Their smoked chicken is really good when they are not so drenched with sauce.  My hubby said their BLT had mad bacon and did not disappoint him.  Jumbo macaroni and cheese with the crispy cheese was yummy. 

However, what I can say was a bit disappointing, it took forever to get service from a waiter.  We had to wait long to order our food and we had to wait long getting our check.  Plus side, you get to overview the concert that is going on, big plus if you are seated in an area to view it.  

Bowling lanes, I need to get on this because it looks like a lot of fun.  So a combination of food, bowling, and drinks is awesome.  I can foresee myself becoming a regular.
I cannot say enough flattering things about this place.  The food, the atmosphere, the staff, the music, the energy, the talent they have booked... on and on and on.  I will keep this simple: you MUST go here.  Whether you love music, fried chicken, bowling or just want something new to do - this is your spot.  

For a new venue the staff is on point.  They were knowledgeable, friendly and full of suggestions on what to try.  The fried chicken was good but I was a little let down with the mac'n cheese (good but safe in flavor).  I will say, however, there were some variations on the mac that i didn't try, maybe that's what I am missing.  The cocktails are strong and relatively reasonable for the strip.  

One of the best parts of the venue is that you can hear the talent from everywhere: dinning room, bar, bowling alley and, of course, the upstairs VIP area.  The sound system is killer; clear, clean and as loud as it gets.  The upstairs VIP area has a lounge section with these cool cow skin rugs and couches.  There is also an outdoor smoking section so up there so if you're not a smoker you can enjoy the show without hacking up a lung.  I haven't tried the bowling lanes yet but you know I'll give you an update as soon as I do.

The only reason I am giving this spot four stars - their mac'n cheese needs a little flare and wine list wasn't too tasty.  I am sure these will both continue to develop over time.   Other than that, this spot is off to one hell of a memory making start!  Do yourself the pleasurous (yes I know that's a made-up word) favor and take your happy ass over to Brooklyn Bowl.  If you're not happy you went I probably won't believe you.
Saw Chance the Rapper give an amazing performance just after his 21st birthday. Great venue for any performer. Cool bowling alley, great service, fried chicken was soooo good!!!! Definitely check this place
What a shame...so much promise.

Was our last day of our honeymoon and we headed down a couple of hours before we had to leave for the airport - in search of a lovely last experience of 3 weeks spent touring California and nevada. 

All started well. Great choice of craft beers, the chicken wings rocked as a starter but then came the main. 

I realised too late that I hadn't been asked how I wanted my burger cooked and unfortunately then got the dish I expected. 

Over cooked, well done, dry, lacking depth of flavour. I LOVE my burgers and had hunted out the best on our trip. This was sadly the worst we had. Also it seemed strange that the burger listed along the lines of the ultimate bowl burger came without cheese or bacon for which you had to pay extra on the $16 or so price tag. If it's the deluxe venue burger pimp it up guys!

To top matters off my wife's chicken burger was made from chicken mince and not breast. She had one bite, said it was cold and didn't touch anymore. With such a cool venue, rock ethos, friendly staff and great beer menu we expected food to match - maybe a bad day in the kitchen but it sadly reminded us of cheap chain pub food in the uk - not fresh, lacking care and definitely a sad end to our beer and food tour that had so many highlights.
I had the chance to experience a night out at the original "Brooklyn Bowl", the one actually in Brooklyn two years ago and I was blown away by the place. So, on this trip to Vegas, when I learned that they had recently opened one here, I couldn't pass the chance to try it!

It was a great idea! I think they did a wonderful job in capturing the spirit of the original. Same kind of industrial look, same concept of open spaces with bars, restaurant and bowling alleys all open to a stage area where great bans appears nightly. The owners have such great skill at finding great bands that I don't even need to know who is going to play, I know it's going to be good and I will have a great night!

I sat at the restaurant just before the set and had a great table from where I can see the band. The food was good and tasty, the wine choice was a great match and the band was great.

After dinner, I continue to wander a bit around the see the place and enjoy the band and then realized that there is a second floor! Yes, the place is much bigger than the original one with a full  second floor (often labeled as VIP or reserved for private event). The second floor have a large opening over the part where the band is playing but have another full set of bowling lanes, a bar area and a private lounge.

The location is prime in Las Vegas just next to the Flamingo and across from the Mirage. It is located in a strip of shops called the "Linq" so you can't miss it, just head towards the largest "observation wheel" you ever saw!
Well we had a company function here today. Had fun bowling, then we wanted to get food. Went to the restaurant, only to be disappointed. Cajun fish is not Cajun, only blackened, not spicy at all. For those who can not have spicy food, do not order the Sloppy Joe, the menu says nothing but it is spicy. Did take time for the waiter to tell the manager of the problem, making it seem that I ate the sloppy joe. Not true, the sandwich comes with the bun off the sloppy joe with a pile diced spicy jalapeno on top. Took over 10 minutes for the replacement dish to come out by that time my co-workers were done with their food, so had to get it to go. 

Needless to say that we will not go there to eat. Bowling yes and it's free for locals the first hour. Great service while bowling. They just need to have better staff and a menu that is correct to show what they do feed you.
After visiting Brooklyn Bowl in Vegas, I quickly got back to my garage where I am building the laser from the 1989 Rick Moranis classic, "Honey I Shrunk The Kids." Why? I am shrinking this place, putting it in my pocket, clearing the security checkpoint in the airport, flying it to San Diego and opening it up down the street from my house. Love. This. Venue!

Here's the deal, I always like to plan reasons to visit Vegas other than simply degenerate gambling - that just comes with the territory. So, when I saw a show listed for a couple of cool bands trying to kill some time between Coachella sets, I was all over it. Do yourself a favor, scan the upcoming shows and buy a few tickets. Brooklyn Bowl really is a good enough reason to make the trip to Sin City, at least for the music lover in me. 

The restaurant is solid and definitely deserves a quick visit before the the music starts in the main room. If you're running late, don't sweat, you can hear everything loud and clear while scarfing down dinner in one of their cozy booths. We opted for the famous fried chicken and I'm sorry, Public Enemy, I believe the hype. Best I ever had? Nope, but it's damn good and I recommend ordering it. With that being said, what the hell do I know? Well let me tell you!

I know a thing or two about live music after touring with bands for 5+ years. I've seen small clubs and larger venues across the globe and can appreciate them from a totally different perspective. I can tell that Brooklyn Bowl is one of those venues that musicians get excited to play, which carries some weight. When bands are happy, they play better, longer and the crowd can genuinely feel the love. The incredible sound, the effortless set changes, the great lighting, the integrated bowling alley and numerous bars are all perks to the place and the list doesn't stop there... it's all just awesome! 

See you sooner than later, BB!
What an awesome addition to Vegas. Vegas really has nothing like this and I'm sure glad we do now. Charm C. had invited me to come here because there was a band performing and apparently you can eat and watch without having to buy a ticket. Awesome! Very fun experience I must say and the food and service were great as well. Charm C. and I shared the fried chicken dinner. Boy it was pretty good, although maybe not the best fried chicken I've ever had I certainly wouldn't mind ordering it again the next time I'm here. We also had fries and cucumbers as our sides. Fries were pretty standard shoestring fries since they were light and crisp and the cucumbers were mixed with red onion drizzled with vinegar. I really liked the fact we ordered cucumbers as second side since it was nice fresh bite between the fried food. Joanne our server was really awesome! Constantly checked up on us without being annoying, which tends to happen when you feel like your server is hoovering over you. She was also pretty personable, which can be kinda hard to carry a conversation with customers since the music is so loud, but yet she still did it! We tried eating slow so we could finish watching the concert, but it just came down to asking Joanne if it was okay to stay at our booth even if we were finished eating. She said that was fine and we "paid" for these seats. Wow, what an awesome answer, more brownie points for her! We finish our meal with the bread pudding and it was pretty good. If I had known they drizzle chocolate on top I would of asked for no chocolate because I am not a chocolate fan but it was still good none the less. I will definitely be coming here again next time there is a artist/band I like and will bring more friends with me!
A little of everything. Drinks, Bowling, Music. Yep, a locals place that is cool with tourist.
We happened to drop by on free bowling night! So we played 2 games, ordered the pork sliders, wedge salad & cupcake....LOVED it all! I've never had a couch to sit on when bowling, the server made great recommendations...we will definitely return! Sure the menu might be $$$ but we were not disappointed with flavors :)
I came in for lunch early afternoon with 7 of my associates and received laughable service. There were maybe two other tables in the entire restaurant besides our group.  It started with the waitress informing us she was unable to do separate checks (fine, but as someone in the service industry there are several ways to handle this) then she did not fill up our waters but simply dropped a pitcher and said we could do it ourselves. Also not the end of the world.... But then as our food began to come out it came out one plate at a time and over the course of ten minutes. The last person waiting had simply ordered vegetables.  Being as we were on a lunch break and had limited time, we requested our check early. Thank god we did because it took forever to get there. I wanted to give management a chance to hear about our experience before sharing our experience with all of our friends, associates, and tourists that I constantly recommend places to.  (We all work in the direct area at a bar and will not be recommending this place to anyone now) I was informed the manager on duty would be in a meeting for the next hour and was unavailable.  I would have called it even if the food was at least good.... But it wasn't. The sliders were served on hard bread and tasted bland. The fries were ok, but nothing to balance out their epically terrible service. All of this was beyond disappointing because I had heard such good things from friends. I will not even be attending concerts I wanted to see there, as I refuse to spend money at an establishment run this poorly.  Do not bother visiting Brooklyn Bowl.
Came here with a group of friends to see The Green perform.. While walking up to BB we saw a huge line of people and got worried but that was just the line for the box office.. If you had already purchased your ticket, you were able to walk straight to the entrance and head up the escalators... 

I really love the space of BB.. You are free to stand and listen to the music, get as close to the stage or as far away as you want, dance with your friends or go outside on the patio and hang out.. At one point one of my GFs and I were too drunk and wanted to sit down so we got a table in the restaurant section.. which BTW from our booth, we had a great view of the stage.. We ordered cheese fries which came out to be over $13 (a bit overpriced IMO) but service was friendly, especially the drink runner, Pons!

I will definitely be coming back to the Brooklyn Bowl and will hopefully be taking advantage of some of the bowling promotions that they do for locals~

HOT TIP: BUY YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE! It's cheaper and gets you in faster...
*THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE RESTAURANT ONLY, NOT THE CONCERT VENUE*


Came to eat brunch on 4/19 and catch Robert Randolph's brunch concert as well at 1p. I reserved a table and when I arrived at 12p, I was seated promptly in the corner of their bar area. I was given a menu, and looked everywhere for brunch (which is advertised on their website as available on Saturdays and Sundays), and it was nowhere to be found. I asked my waiter and he said "Oh, we don't serve brunch."

Huh....? it says on the las vegas BB website that brunch is available Saturdays and Sundays at 11a. When I told him this, he said he would go talk to someone to see. He comes back a few minutes later and says "yeah we aren't serving brunch at this time." He seemed sympathetic but not at all excited about working there, and the hostesses gave that vibe as well. The entire reason I came to eat there was for the Cinnamon Pizza advertised on their brunch menu. Why would you advertise something being available and not serve it? Especially when there's a "Brunch with...." concert the same day?? Not cool.

I was really hungry, so my friend and I decided to just order something anyways, so I got the fried catfish sandwich and a magic hat to wash it down. It was okay, but nowhere worth $15. the catfish breading wasn't seasoned at all, and the balsamic vinaigrette served with the greens was super bitter, even for my tastes. I didn't finish it all, because the sandwich fell apart and because the concert I was going to had started.

I'm willing to give this place another go around if they ever fix their brunch menu. I hate to say, but the dining experience here was a let-down.
Pretty disappointing. I was curious about what the Linq had to offer, and if this is it, I am concerned. 
We went on a Saturday night and although bowling was advertised outside, we were unable to even enter the bowling area- it looked like a group had rented it out. There was ample seating around the bars, which was nice, but the drinks were expensive and mediocre at best. In fact, the mojito crossed from mediocre to un-drinkable. For those prices I would rather go next door to Yardhouse where there is a far better drink selection, not to mention some yummy appetizers.
Dropped by to have an afternoon snack and  ordered the six piece BBQ chicken wings. Wings were dry and the BBQ sauce was too sweet like the sweet and sour sauce at McDonald's.
I don't know what to make of this place? So, I'll middle it with  4-stars and I'll update accordingly. 

I've been to BB twice, my first visit was to the bar/restaurant only during its soft opening. It's the same menu from the original BB, and the food is made by Blue Ribbon, the same Blue Ribbon that's at the Cosmopolitan. Their signature dish is their fried chicken. It was featured on Food Network's BEST THING I EVER ATE. It was good, very crunchy and flavorful. All the other dishes were forgettable, literally, I've forgotten all about them. I vaguely remember the pizzas being sub-par. They use french bread for the crust, which is cute in a kitschy way, but c'mon, this place is named BROOKLYN Bowl? I was expecting some amazing cheesy, greasy, NY-style pizza. But I digress... 

The Venue.... A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. The actual stage area is really small and intimate, it is standing room only BUT you can leave and grab a beer or food at the bar anytime! Or you can bowl! WTF? How cool is that? Too cool, because as I get older, standing with 500 other hot, sweaty bodies for 2+ hours is not my idea of fun. Needless to say the seating area gets packed. 

**Overall, I'd skip the food and go for their awesome music venue. If you feel you've imbibed too much oat soda, try their fried chicken, it's perfect drunk food.**

Their lineup of bands are not bad. The prices are a downright steal, especially if you consider how intimate the venue is. I only hope my favorite live band will come into town and play here and not at some huge arena type venue. One can only hope....

Sidenote: the bar has bottles of Absolut Brooklyn vodka adorning their shelves. But alas, it's only for decoration. Absolut Brooklyn was a limited-edition, ginger and apple flavored vodka, put out by the Absolute company in 2010. And as much as we begged, the staff would not sell it. I don't know if the server was joking, but he said a bottle would cost around $400 and they might sell it at their one-year anniversary.
I love the place. It has great ambiance very spacious, awesome service and great staff.  The food is kind of different but good.  I have been on 2 occasions so I will compile my insight into 1 review.  

The fried chicken is their signature dish, being a black man I fancy myself to know a lil about fried chicken. Stereotype intended!  The skin on the fried chicken I think is too breaded, it is almost separate from the chicken. However it is tasty but if I were to eat chicken here again it would be their wings.  Those are some of the best lil chicken wings I have ever tasted, the sauce, the smokiness are a must try.  The grilled catfish was descent, mac and cheese was alright, I really enjoyed the red beans and rice.  Their french fries are stellar. The rock and roll fries are like crack.  I ordered them with light gravy and I couldn't stop shoveling them in my mouth. Share that dish its a lot. 

Pizzas come on french bread which is cool, we ordered The Beach "pulled pork" and it was ok a little better when I used the sauce from the wings to pour on it.

My friend had shake it was good but there was no side cup, and it was $10, super overpriced.  The chocolate bread pudding is freaking fantastic I didn't care about that price of about $12 totally delicious.  

I want to comeback again and maybe try the po boy, or muffalata.  Also its cool because sometimes bowling here is free.  I have yet to see one of the shows but maybe soon.
Caught Primus and Gogol Bordello there. Awesome venue! Perfect size and an interesting layout. In between bands we grabbed a booth in the restaurant section. Quick and painless with very attentive service. Devoured a plate of Rock 'N Roll fries. Delicious! Drinks were priced well for being on the strip but the only negative would be an underwhelming beer selection. Easy to get in and out of the venue with multiple options for parking. Excited for Jane's Addiction and Fishbone next weekend!
I was excited to bring my family here. We came in to bowl an hour of fun. What happened was our waitress kept refilling our pitcher while a quarter was still there, and tried to pour it out in our glasses every chance she could. In the end she charged for every refill.. Of soda. $10 each time. I gladly tipped the hostess. Waitress said it was a weird new rule (umm, to rip off patrons?) she said it was mgts fault, so I asked for mgt. of course Ashley was in a meeting. Terrible first and last impression. Beware, for a good time skip the scam.
If is a big headliner don't bother going... I went to see Janes Addiction 5/9/2014 and what a HUGE disappointment. The stage is sunk down so those folks in the back can not see a thing- people constantly pushing and bumping you to get a better spot. I finally had to leave. I Understand this is a rock concert, I go to many, but this was the worst Venue lay-out I have ever seen. On the way out we expressed our disappointment to the manager -- he had nothing to say, just gave us a blank look and shrugged his shoulders.  Why they wouldn't raise the stage is beyond me- horrible! Don't waste your money like I did.
Ps There was lots of confusion by everyone while trying to get in the place-- it was not clear why you were standing in line ( was it to by tickets, will call or just to get in with your ticket already purchased ) Security guards were RUDE -- get some organization- it was a cluster ****!
I went to see janes addiction on sat for the late show. First of all nobody in Vegas knows where it is or how to get there. We got there at 9:30 so we figured we were ok since we thought there would be a opening band and that's all we would miss, I'll be a $2 TJ hooker, janes addiction was already on stage. The place is a f'n bowling alley WTF. Unless you get there super early or you push your way in good look seeing from the back. BS. In order to get to the ground level you need to reserve a f'n bowling lane, what a joke.  I thought this was a concert venue not a stupid bowling alley. This place is a joke to see concerts. Lame. Not a good place to see a band. The sound was surprisingly decent that's why it gets 2 stars instead of 1.
Tickets: BBLV utilizes Ticketfly for online sales. There is a service charge on orders, however, their website doesn't state how it is calculated (it was $6.93 on a $25 ticket). For delivery options, Print-at-Home and Will Call are free, standard mail is $3.50, and UPS 2nd-Day Air is $17.95. The box office is your best bet. There are no service charges and obviously, you don't have to worry about delivery. The downside: there is a credit/debit card processing fee of $3/ticket. However, if you buy your tickets with cash, there are absolutely NO fees! I can't remember the last time I was able to buy a ticket at the posted price.

Shows: The stage is located next to the bowling lanes, near the back of the property. You can actually view it from the lanes and some areas of the dining room. The space is General Admission (standing room only) with VIP sky boxes on both sides of the stage. Ruben and I visited last month for The Naked and Famous show with The 1975 and White Lies. We arrived after the posted "Doors Open at.." time, but they weren't allowing anyone to enter, so we were directed to wait on the stairs (with the line starting next to the dining area). Security was rather strict with bag searches, pat-downs, and ID checks. Some shows are 18+ or 21+, so I'm assuming a wristband meant the latter. I like the intimate space of the stage area and this particular show was really great! The sound was good and the venue in general was really cool. The screens on the bowling lanes showed live feed of the show, so it's not a bad idea to reserve a lane instead of buying a ticket. Plus, the stage is open air, so I'm sure the music can be enjoyed everywhere. I would definitely see a show here again.

I haven't had a chance to bowl or try the menu yet (I've had the Blue Ribbon chicken at their Cosmopolitan location), so I'll add it to my review in the future! Anyway, it's a great place to hang out and I love the versatility of the venue.
went here for the janes addiction concert. fun venue and great concert. only problem was entering was a little bit hectic.
One of my new favorite places in the heart of Vegas.When I first saw the wheel being constructed last year I did not get it.Upon seeing the completion of the project I'm very impressed.I love The Linq area of Vegas and also love The Brooklyn Bowl what a great place it's massive.Fried chicken is the house  specialty it looked very good.So drop by if your in the area I don't think you will be disappointed .I know that I will be going back next year!
LOL to the folks writing bad reviews about this place for Janes Addiction shows last weekend. Yeah, line to get in was slightly annoying, as doors were supposed to have opened way before we got there..but no big deal, everyone showed up around 9, no surprise there.. Really?? Didn't know what time show started..look at the tix! Doors 7 show 9, no opening band listed (and actually, Janes didnt come on til almost 9:45 Sat night).  Really, couldn't see the stage, well walk around til u find a spot that you can, not that tough. People bumping into you at a rock concert, really, wow, what a shock.  Place is great.  Reminds me a little of HOB in LA. Sound was excellent, and Janes rocked! Bartenders were quick. Upcoming lineup of bands is impressive. Haven't tried the food yet, but if its anything like Blue Ribbon in NY (same folks doing the grub as BBowl in Vegas) it will be excellent.  Great new place in the heart of the strip!
Ahhh! This place is so cool and there's nothing quite like it in the SF Bay Area!

Brooklyn Bowl is restaurant, bar, bowling alley, and music venue! My boyfriend and I were in LV for a few nights and came here for Galactic's midnight show. The sound was great and there was plenty of room for dancing. They also keep the entire place well air-conditioned so that was definitely a huge plus for me.

The best part about Brooklyn Bowl is their fried chicken. I think I talk about it at least once a week. My boyfriend and I split the 1/2 mixed order which came with mashed potatoes and collared greens (w/bacon). Everything on that plate was PHENOMENAL. The chicken is juicy, well seasoned, fried to perfection, and had just the right amount of heat. Both the sides were also really good, but the chicken was...just unbelievably good.

I can't wait to go back!
Not your classic music venue - in fact, it serves as a restaurant, bar, bowling lane, and concert venue all together. The design? Vintage-modern, if there's anything like that. 

Once you climb up the escalator to the main level, you'll step into a different world: brick-exposed walls, Ramones on the stereo, you'll feel dark and mysterious. It makes you want to get a tattoo immediately. And grow your hair. And drown a Whiskey bottle. But there's no barber nor an ink studio here. But a well equipped bar. 

With the Whiskey in my hand, I'm making my way to the general admission. Bowling lanes on the left, TV screens with ESPN on the right. Have Jane's Addiction ever played in a sports bar? 

One and a half hour later all the skepticism is gone. They turned this Brooklyn Mixed Bowl into a rock house. And Brooklyn Bowl, you delivered.
Jane's addiction 5/9/14
This place sucks and gets one star for keeping the beer cold. Unless you are right in the front of the stage you won't be able to see the band. Who the F@CK designed this place. It's the worst layout for a "concert" venue I've been to. Unless you're over 6'0 don't even bother. I'm 6'0 and had a hard time seeing the band. WTF??

To the GM:
The bartenders are skimming. I was charged different prices for mixed drinks all night and bar staff take change automatically for tips. My total was $18 and I handed the bartender a $20 which he took to the register and walked away. I had to track him down and ask for my change. He looked pissed and tossed it at me and did not even say anything. Guess what, he just lost $2 cause I was going to tip him $2 had he given me change in the first place. 
As a service industry professional I was shocked by this!!

I will never return to this venue. As a local, this bummed me out. I do not recommend this venue at all!! But if u must go, drink before you go. They will rip you off. They love dopey drunk tourists!!
One of my fave places to hang out whether its listening to live music, having a few drinks or eating. LOVE!! Their fried chicken, egg shooters, smoked chicken wings and mac and cheese! Wish their salad selection was better but I don't mind because the chicken and mac and cheese makes up for it! The staff are also cool there, however, I think they need more servers to assist the restaurant because the wait to order could be an issue. I've already seen a handful of artist perform here at the Vegas Brooklyn Bowl (The Roots, The Green, Robert Randolph and most recently Lauren Hill) and hope to see more awesome artist on their upcoming line up. I'm definitely a fan! :)
Went here for the free show on Thursday night. It's a really nice venue. I had the pork sliders for dinner, they were just ok, nice fresh buns but the pork was lacking a little in the flavor department. Fair price of $8 for 3.

The music shows were a lot of fun. Rhyme N Rhythm was fun, got you dancing, Coco plays a mean bass guitar, and Moksha was really great. They played at least 2 1/2 hours, great jam.
My legs are sore this morning from dancing all night. I really liked that the sound levels didn't blast you out of the building.Drinks were $12 for vodka/cran. 

Overall a great night out....nothing like free entertainment in Vegas!
This place is jammed pack. Very busy with like a million things going on at once. Came here for the lauryn hill show. It seems as though if you were already here bowling you didn't have to buy a ticket as you can watch the show while you bowl.  That's $70 I could have possibly saved? And I was kinda bummed there was no sitting areas to view the show -_- everything was a big cluster f---. They need to find a way to better manage the concert area. 

For the show itself, her performances were great I liked that she remixed all the songs. Almost a 2 hr intermission from the opening act was ridiculous!!! she performed for about one hr and then left the stage and i left the venue. IDK if the concert was over then or not.  

I would return here to bowl and try the food.
I can't express how much I love this place! I only wish that you could do separate reviews for concert and restaurant?

I came here the other night for the Lauryn Hill concert. My friends aren't huge fans so dishing out $70 a ticket was a bit too much. Instead, we decided to dine in the restaurant and listen to her singing in the background. There was a 1+ hour wait for a table when we first got there. Not a big deal. I left my number with the hostess and she said she would text me when the table was ready. 15 minutes later, I got a text so we rushed back! It was just in time too because the opening act was finishing up and ms hill was set to go on stage. 

We ordered our beers and fried chicken. It was delicious! Go for the dark meat. So juicy and crispy. The only thing that sucked was that we had to wait a loooong time for the honey and ranch to come out. They were busy though so I don't really mind. 

The waiters and servers are awesome. My friend accidentally tipped her half empty beer over and spilled a bit of it on the table. Our main server brought us out an extra filled beer for free. Super nice of him! 

I love Brooklyn Bowl! Free concert while grubbin on some good food and beer!
This place might be known as the hot new concert venue, but it shouldn't be overlooked for its food. With a menu from the Bromberg brothers of Blue Ribbon fame, their fried chicken has garnered much praise. The mixed fried chicken dinner might be pricey (at least for lunch) but it didn't disappoint. Consisting of half a chicken -- one breast, wing, thigh, and drumstick -- it's plenty filling for almost any hungry diner. Plus it comes with mashed potatoes and collard greens. You'd be hard pressed to find an exterior as delicately crispy, crunchy, and flavorful as the one coating this fried chicken. Along with meat that was juicy and tender, it was by far the best fried chicken I've had in town.
I decided to take a stroll around The Linq tonight to check out some of the new restaurants and shops that have popped up in the last month. I stopped into Brooklyn Bowl to grab a bite to eat and was totally impressed! The staff was super friendly (bartender Paul is super hot!) and the food was great! I had the Chicken Muffuletta sandwich with a side of mixed greens. The greens were lightly dressed and the sandwich was absolute perfection. There's an olive spread on the sandwich that bring just the right amount of salt to the meal. Delish! I'll definitely be back!
Unfortunately I had the worst customer service experience I have had in a really long time. I had to repeatedly ask for drink orders. My friend asked twice to place an order and the order got ignored. We tried to ask another waiter but when asked he said that we had to place it with our waiter and e was going to go get him. Twice we did this the waiter never came. TWO hours later we never got our drinks!!!

It was honestly the worst case of just not giving a F&#k by the employees there. 


The only reason this place deserves a one star is because the food we had was good, even though ordering the food was also quite a challenge.
I wish Brooklyn Bowl deserved a better rating from me, because in all honesty the idea of it is amazing! However, the service here completely killed the great rating it should have gotten, and instead got a measly 2 stars. 

The first I went to BB was during the first couple of weeks of it's opening. I had gone for a work event and concert, was upstairs in the "VIP" section so I thought the service should've been on top of its game, but it wasn't. Bowling was complimentary, so my party and I picked a lane and looked for our assigned server to assist with getting it started. I had to ask 3 different people, all of which told me they would inform my server to come and help. 45 mins later and no one had showed up to help yet, however, parties in the lanes surrounding us had all been helped (they must have had more attentive servers) Where the hell was our help!? Finally, I saw what seemed to be a manager and asked for help, and then finally some unaware jerk in red came to assist.

---

The next time I visited was for bowling only. At least this time we were sent up just fine, however forget about trying to get a food/drink order in this place. My friend had placed a drink order twice with our assigned server, which he blatantly ignored and walked away. Finally I had gotten an order in as I saw him taking another persons order, so I had to interrupt and add my order to theirs. After that round of drinks were gone, we tried to find the server again, but it seemed as though he decided to not check up on our lane. I had to ask 3 other servers who walked by to place an order, all which told me they would find my assigned waiter and relay the message. Holy geez, this guy never showed up... for the rest of the freakin' night. I saw him, but he was too busy chatting with the ladies in the lane next to us, instead of doing his job and serving people. 

Come on BB management. Get your employees on track. 

The only reason it got 2 stars and not 1 was because the food is delicious, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with the lazy servers I've dealt with thus far.
Just saw the Tedeschi Trucks Band at the Brooklyn Bowl. Wow!! What an unbelievable place to see a concert. We went early to grab some food before the show. Very cool sorta comfort food/bar food. I was boring and ordered a burger and my brother ordered the BBQ pork Sliders. Service was fast and friendly and the food was excellent. If you are a local you have to check this place out. I know that most locals want to avoid the strip most of the time but this is worth your time. All of the bowling lanes are situated right next to the stage and the floor where the concerts are so you can be bowling and enjoy a concert(we didn't bowl this time but we will next time).  The venue is small, probably would hold 2500 max and the floor is set up with no seating so you can wander right up to the stage if you want. It is hard to explain how cool this place is, I really hope it makes it here. Ticket prices are totally reasonable, I ordered my tickets online and paid $35 each( I saw them last year at the Hard Rock for three times that price and not that great of seats).  I will go back every chance I get.
Positively awesome.  If you could take House of Blues and mix it with a bowling alley, put some great food with a cool bar, then sprinkle cabana-like service you would get it.  

This place is really cool.  Like really super cool. I went here with my family just after noon and I couldn't believe how fun it was. It is very kid friendly right after opening at noon, but I would think this would change around 4pm as the atmosphere must be truly adult-like (as it should  be).  

Our service was spot-on, and that is what made the experience great.  It felt just like cabana service at the major Strip resorts - but at a bowling alley. It took my brain a few minutes to wrap around that concept.  

I can't wait to see a show here. I missed Cake. Grrrr.

I really like this place. We will see how things go on the next visit.
Went for a show 5/30 great sound at a very cool venue.  Bought giant beers outside at their beer stand.  Place is a lot larger than I thought it would be.  Not much seating in concert area, seems to be a lot of empty space.  Will try it again.
Awesome concept. We came in for a late lunch- everything was good, my fave by far is the corn- spicy & delicious.  Avoid the kids pizza.
The fried chicken is amazing! So are the fries...and the corn...and the pizza lol 
We haven't been bowling yet but they have great food and it's huge!
I came here for the fried chicken and was not disappointed.

When I first walked in, I thought holy cow, the dining area is tiny.  I was wrong.  The BAR area is tiny, but you can also dine outside, in the other bar area, and in the lounge.  

I originally went on opentable to book a reservation and was bummed to see the earliest was 8:00.  We had just arrived at Vegas and I was so hungry, so I called to see if they could take us earlier at 6:00.  They could! (Score!).

We walked in and the place was EMPTY.  Duh.. most people don't eat at old people time in Vegas.  8:00 was probably the first time slot for normal people, ha ha.  We had a quaint table in the corner and Kelcie was our server.  She was such a fun gal, and we chatted with her about the food, the city and the restaurant.  

Stephen and I shared the Rock n Roll fries which reminded me of a poutine: fries covered in gravy and cheese and spices.  The fries were not spicy at all, and I would suggest asking for MORE gravy, as it barely had any.  Still a great dish!

We then shared the "Mixed" fried chicken dinner which is a 1/2 chicken, mashed potatoes and collared greens with bacon.  Stephen LOVED the collared greens and splittlng the plate was the perfect solution.  The chicken wasn't greasy and the matzo coating made it light and crunchy.  The habanero carrot sauce had a strong kick, but the honey drizzled on the chicken balanced it.

Dinner came to $40something with 2 drinks, and best of all, it was "comp'd" because I used my total rewards points to pay for it.

SCORE!
Freaking fantastic ambiance! Such a fun, rustic venue. We saw a show last Saturday night and it didn't disappoint. They could use a few more tables around the bowling check in center but other than that, this is a really sweet new spot in Vegas. We are planning to check out the lineup next year and visit when a favorite artist rolls in to town. Highly recommend stopping by this place for a drink, bowling or food. The menu looked great.
It's located in The Linq right before the High Roller Wheel; next to Sprinkles Cupcakes. Some of my favs from the Brooklyn Bowl Las Vegas menu are the Fried Calamari, The Greek French Bread Pizza, Chicken Muffuletta, and the famous Rock And Roll Fries. It's an amazing standing music venue, restaurant, and bowling alley. Where else can you experience all three experiences all together. It's also great place just to hangout with friends on a normal night out and grab a beer on tap.
Great concept. Poor execution. Very overpriced. The place looks great.The staff really doesn't seem to know what is going on. We went to see a show and for months they couldnt tell me about renting a lane. We did a VIP Meet & Greet and they didn't know the time or where it would be held hours prior to the show starting. When they did figure it out, they had us hanging outside in 100+ degree heat for about an hour with no shade. The sound isn't that great and $12 for a shot of fireball? $750 to rent a lane for a show? On a positive note: the food was really good! I would stop by to eat and have a few cocktails, but I wouldn't bother seeing a concert here.
Came here for The Naked & Famous and the 1975 show back in May and let me say that this place is probably my new favorite venue.

Me & my friends got bored as shit during the 1975 so we decided to eat at the little restaurant right there by the bowling alley. You don't get a freaking restaurant with a view of the stage in many or any venue! I had a blast at this venue. If I had paid probably a ridiculous amount for an upgraded ticket I could have even probably reserve a bowling alley and they even have screens on above the pin showing the concert even though the stage was right there. And bars, bars at every corner. 

Man I had a great experience here. Awesome performance by the Naked & Famous. Ate these bomb ass "Rock n' Roll" French fries. Idk if I was just hungry as shit but those fries would be enough for me to come back even if there wasn't a concert haha. That lime margarita I had wasn't too bad either. 

Security was a little bish though but hey that's expected at concerts. Other than that I really hope more of my favorite hipsterobscurebandsthatnoonesevenheardoflolwtf play at this venue because I can't stand the House of Blues anymore or the Joint. 

And don't forgot to get ice cream next door after the show. Such a great vibe at this place.
Good place for family fun, during the hot Vegas days, after 6-9 adults only.. food is good, bowling is great
Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.

SUMMARY:  This restaurant can be summed up with a simple statement: interesting concept, horrible execution.  
Save your money.  There are tons of wonderful restaurants & interesting eateries in Las Vegas.  With such strong competition, you don't need to waste your time in a place like Brooklyn Bowl--the food is reasonably tasty, but not worth the absolutely horrible service.  This is not the kind of restaurant you want to take your family to espescially if you have small kids--it's amazingly loud, and you will have to shout somewhat to talk to one another.  The ONLY reason I didn't give this place 1 star: the manager who at least attempted to salvage the situation.

My brother-in-law serves in the Navy in Marlyand.  His wife is temporarily living in Las Vegas with thier 7-month-old daughter so she can finish the internship requirement of her photography degree.  As a surprise birthday present to his wife, my in-laws arranged to have their son flown in for a little less than a week so they can spend time together.  When she walked onto the High Roller, she had no idea that her husband would be arriving to surprise her; it was a wonderful time on the 30-minute ride with her husband, daughter, mother, father-in-law, mother-in-law, sister-in-law (my wife), niece (my 3-week-old daughter) and me.  After our fun ride, we had a 7 PM reservation for a meal at Brooklyn Bowl.  Or so we thought.

Upon our arrival, the two very rude hostesses kept asserting that they didn't have our reservation, despite the printed reservaton confirmation we provided.  Frankly, I don't care whether The Linq concierge failed to transmit the reservation to Brooklyn Bowl or whether someone at Brooklyn Bowl failed to input the reservation into their system.  I don't care whose fault it is because I know one absolute thing--IT ISN'T OUR FAULT.  After pressing the issue with the manager and Concierge for over 15 minutes, the seven of us (a friend joined us after the ride on the High Roller) with two chidren in tow were finally crammed into one booth.  I asked if we could be seated at the vacant table next to us, but the hostess said it was reserved for another party.  Then she rudely added, "Just like the table we're giving to your party."  I felt like defending our position as their customers (who had placed a reservation, confirmed by our printout), but I figured, why fight with someone who barely makes more than minimum wage?  I've got better things to do & accomplish in life.

I hoped that our waiter would finally provide a semblance of good service.  To be completely honest, he was accommodating and friendly.  However, at best, the wait staff were quite absent-minded.  Food orders arrived incomplete.  Drinks took quite a while to be refilled.  (It's 100 degrees outside, the food is very salty and the glasses aren't very large... safe to say, a waiter's got to work to keep those glasses filled!)  The food was average; I ordered the fried chicken dinner, and while it was reasonably tasty, the chicken was overcooked so the coating tasted slightly burned.  

The manager was kind enough to provide our party with desserts on the house for the oversight  & trouble regarding our reservation, and the poor service we received before being seated.  I thought, "Now THIS guy knows how to treat a customer... that must be one reason why he's a manager."  We ordered desserts to go, since the kids started to get fussy.  When they arrived, we found that we were missing some desserts.  Wow, even the "apology" dessert order couldn't be fulfilled properly.  Like I said before, nice concept/idea... horrible execution.  

There's much more I could explain about the horrible service we received, what I witnessed at the tables around us & what those diners were saying about their waiter(s) and the poor service I witnessed being given by the hostess to other potential diners (some who were unfortunate enough to not have a reservation and were rudely told off).  Frankly, I'm tired of writing.  But take my word for this, poor service is a strong theme in this place, even on a night that wasn't particularly busy.
Very cool venue that tries to replicate the warehouses of Brooklyn.  Love the attention to detail of the space (brick, concrete, pipes).  Saw Brown Sabbath here on a Friday night and there was no cover.  Drinks are a bit pricey but hey I didn't pay to get in so who's complaining.  We didn't eat in the restaurant but would be a cool place to get dinner before a show.  There are a few bowling lanes to the left of the stage and the whole place has a great ambiance.  Would definitely hit it up again if there was a good show happening or for a round of bowling.
my boyfriend and i were passing through vegas for a couple days and saw that tedeschi trucks was playing with soulive at the brooklyn bowl. we knew if tickets were affordable, we had to go. we bought the tickets 2 days before and couldn't wait.
finding the place was only slightly difficult, as it's in a plaza, off of the street. kind of hidden from the main drag. we decided to eat first. my boyfriend had gone to the real brooklyn bowl before and told me tales of how delicious their fried chicken is. he wasn't lying. it was easily the best fried chicken i ever had. comes with 2 slices of buttered toast as well. the only problem: the smallest portion you can get is 8 pieces. unless you're starving or a really big eater, that's too much for one person. and if you came for a concert, chances are, you don't want to carry your leftovers with you. we split the chicken and i also got the mac n cheese. the mac was delicious as well, but again, way too big of a portion. i was disappointed we couldn't eat more because the food was on the expensive side.
after eating, we moved into the actual concert section. big floor, 2 bars, and a few hightop tables and stools to sit at. good music venue, you pretty much have a good view from every spot.
Great venue for music, food, oh and bowling..try the fried chicken at the restaurant! The batter is so good and chicken so tender. lots of room and places to hang out in there (indoor and outdoor seating).
I have gone to the OG Brooklyn Bowl several times and when this opened up a few months ago, I knew my summer was going to be filled with awesome live music.

Saw Bonobo a few weeks and it was quite the amazing show. Everyone vibing! If Bonobo stops in your town this fall, you must go see him!

Heading out tonight to see Thievery Corporation and maybe get my fingers dirty with some fried chicken.

Have a great summer Yelpers!
Recently saw Thievery Corporation here!! It was fantastic! You can easily see the stage anywhere you stand. Very intimate, great 'good old American' food (which isn't always my first choice), excellent sound, lights, atmosphere, staff and crowed. Oh and the Linq shopping area is very nice! Loved my entire experience! Will be back soon!
Went to see Thievery Corporation 6/10. Nice venue with ample space and ease of access to bar areas.  The sound system was A+.  Prices for drinks were on par with The Strip.  All staff were friendly and helpful. Nice balcony area for smokers overlooking The Linq.  Bathrooms were tidy and equipped with an attendant who supplied a nice array of toiletries.  

Brooklyn Bowl would get five stars if they provided more seating and tables in the venue area because, there's literally four tiny bar height tables each equipped with 2-4 seats. Besides these and the two bars, there are no other places to sit or sit your drink down (unless you rent a bowling lane).
I wasn't impressed with the food. I ordered the hamburger, which was overcooked and flavorless. These days there are a lot of great burgers out there and if I'm going to pay $16 for one, I expect it to be GOOD. That being said, it's a cool environment with live music and fun vibe.
Went to the Brooklyn Bowl for the first time Friday night to see Steve Winwood perform.A nice intimate venue, not crazy like some music venues get.They really should set up seating on the main stage floor.There is also a bowling venue adjacent so you could hear the band play and watch it on screens that sat above the lanes.You can eat, drink and have a great time at the Brooklyn Bowl.Oh...Steve Winwood was awesome!
I truly love the whole new area that is "the Linq" on the Strip, and Brooklyn Bowl is no exception to the awesomeness.

This modern day bowling alley/concert venue/restaurant/dancehall/anything else you want to imagine it to be is so impressive looking with a hip and fresh vibe that says, "Welcome to cool." It really felt like I stepped into Brooklyn Bowl on Wythe avenue in New York, but with the comfort of knowing you're still out west where the weather is best.

I especially appreciate that you can watch all the action on the stage while you're knocking down 10 pins and knocking back some cocktails, but my visit here was to see the O.A.R. concert. 

The acoustics were impressive, and I like the fact that you can get pretty close to the stage while you rock it with the band. It looks like Brooklyn bowl will continue to host some impressive musical guests, but the next time I come back I want to try out the lanes and the food.

Keep up the good work,  Brooklyn Bowl!
Stopped by for dinner, food was okay but wayy over priced, and i cant get over the bad service to even be able to give this place a review. Especially with the number of employees just standing round looking at each other. 

Definitely had a cool vibe/concept and will try the bowling alley and the venue and re review... but idk if it can redeem itself for me.
Haven't tried the food yet but ordered 45 min ago.. No matter how good the good is. Which is French fries and fried chix. The wait is crazy ridiculous.. I'm a cook fries and chix doesn't take this long especially when there is only 5 tables here.  GO TO YARD HOUSE ITS BETTER.
Went here to see PRIMUS in concert. This place attracts all types of music genres, thus attracting all types of people. The set up is awesome. Bars aplenty, with hip lighting, and an old carnival feel. The acoustics are great, the layout is fun. During intermission, my sister and I had a bathroom break and didn't have a problem finding a table at one of the restaurant/bar areas (the area directly to your right as you come up off the escalator). The best part was that PRIMUS seemed to have an ongoing 'cartoon' playing during their intermission, and we didn't miss a thing since we watched from the many TVs set up in the eating area. Definitely looking forward to going back to bowl, and partaking in some of the delicious looking menu items. 

Prime location, in the heart of the Linq. Prime people watching. Prime sounds. Prime eats. (using the word PRIME a lot, as to tie in the band I was at Brooklyn Bowl for-PRIMus.) Sometimes I'm just like that. =)

Can't wait to go back!
REVIEW FOR RESTAURANT ONLY:

finishing up lunch right now. service was a little on the slow side, maybe because it's tuesday lunchtime? there seems to be enough people walking around (we checked in at three separate hostess stands, for crying out loud), but there was no sense of urgency in getting water to the table or taking orders or checking in on us... either way, the food was worth the wait!

hummus appetizer was pretty good - wish it came with crudits, too, but the pita bread triangles were fine. the half chicken dinner (mix of white and dark meat, 4 pieces total) was fantastic!!! meat was hot and juicy, the breading was crispy and peppery, and the hot sauce and honey pulled all the flavors together nicely. we subbed the mashed potatoes and collard greens for fries and pickled cucumbers - both were just ok. 

the fried chicken was the main reason we stopped in anyway, but the blt we ordered to round out our meal stole the spotlight. yes, a blt! i was skeptical at first: $14 for a sandwich and side salad? but that thing had bacon piled high and falling off the plate! must've been at least a dozen slices. simple side salad was just that - nothing too fancy, just heaps of greens in a simple vinaigrette, which helped to balance out the spicy, fried stuff. YUM. 

for our three-year-old (who, incidentally, closed our meal with a completely out-of-character tantrum - maybe vegas is too much for him?), we ordered the seared salmon and red rice/beans. he doesn't eat your typical crap "kid's food," so we appreciated that brooklyn bowl's kids menu had actual food on it. for $9.75, the seared salmon filet was a great value and easily could've fed an adult. we split a chocolate frosted cupcake, too, which was just the right amount of creamy sweetness.

an appe, two entres, a kid's meal, and dessert for the three of us was $60 before tip. not bad, not bad at all for eating on the strip!!! definitely glad we stopped by today. hopefully the service gets better.
I'll give BB 4 stars. My wife and I just saw Thievery Corporation there and it was a really great show. Obviously, most of the credit for that would have to go to the band but even so, I think the venue held up it's part of the deal quite well. 
The sound was pretty good, but some of the vocals were mixed a little too low to really hear. That being said, I was both surprised and relieved that I never once heard any noise from the adjacent bowling lanes. The main floor is flat, but sunken, and there's plenty of space in the back and on the sides, which I imagine offer pretty decent, unobstructed views (not certain though. we were in the front). For the most part, I really dig the set-up and I continue to be impressed with the number of quality shows they're booking. There are already a few show that I plan on seeing there, so I imagine I'll be coming back fairly frequently.

The food: 
We had some time before the show and were both starving, so we decided to try their famous fried chicken. It was really good. Crispy, juicy and cooked to order, it wasn't (by any means) the best fried chicken I've ever eaten, but I'd definitely order it again. They offer honey and a habanero buffalo sauce, and I recommend trying a bit of both. They really set the chicken off. Beyond that, the mashed potatoes were good, but nothing special, and the collard greens were pretty good, but a little dry (or maybe "not wet enough" is more accurate). With our dinner, we each tried one of their drafts (Brooklyn Brown?), and it was quite tasty.
The whole meal, while good, was a bit too expensive for what it was, though. So, in all honesty, I don't see us coming back for food all that often. 

That's it, I suppose. 
It's a really nice place to see a concert, but if you aren't careful, it could end up being a really expensive night.
This place is awesome!!  So much fun for both adults and kids. The atmosphere is incredible there's so much to do and see plus the food is great!
Best place to watch a concert in Vegas... by far! Food and customer service was exceptional!
They've captured the highlights of Brooklyn with this venue. It also seems like the corrected the flaws of local venues to produce one helluva place to catch a show. Awesome set up, TV's are everywhere so you don't miss a thing. Only complaint is the line at the main bar moves a bit slow. I always wish venues would offer a beer line only, but they never do...

We saw Soja, it was a Tuesday night show, but the floor filled quickly after the opening act. We saw the opportunity for our group to upgrade to the VIP booths upstairs when we noticed availability prior to show time. We negotiated a fair price (if we didn't meet our food/beverage minimum, we could've moved to the bowling lanes after the show until we met it - I thought that was nice); got our bracelets and took over booth and then bellied up to rail once Soja took the stage. Service was attentive. We couldn't get enough of the Drunken Palmers. Great show, venue and good time!
This place is a rip off. A scam. If you're local, don't even bother. It's one of those places that is set up to rip off tourists. It's 25 bucks for a half hour of bowling plus 5 bucks per person for shoes. What they don't tell you is, your 30 minutes starts the second you leave the counter...so pretty much by the time you get your shoes on and type your names in...your 30 minutes is now 15- 20 minutes of actual bowl time. They also brought us the wrong size shoe so waiting for that also cut into our time. (They deliver the shoes to your lane) Add their ridiculous food prices on top of that and forget it. Then the waitress has the nerve to tell us that normally you get free bowling if you buy food "but just not today". Wtf? I'm am such a low maintenance person and it really takes a lot to get me to the point where I say, "I'm never going back" but I'm not. Ever. And I want my money back.
Fun bowling venue! Good for groups and parties. Food is delish and unlike other places, it has couches!
I really like Brooklyn Bowl.  Any place that's open in the late night hours till 2am for great food, live music, and bowling is an instant fave for me.

First things first, you can not leave Brooklyn Bowl without trying the Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  It is ridiculously delicious!!

Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken --  http://bit.ly/1njeypC
1/2 Fried Chicken served with White Toast, Mashed Potatoes, Collard Greens with Bacon and Honey
I ordered the Mixed dinner which comes with drumstick, breast, thigh, and wing.  It doesn't get any better than Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  This was so good, especially at 1am in the morning!  Believe the hype!  The chicken was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside with a ton of flavor!  Try  them with habenero sauce and honey for maximum yum effect!  I totally doused my chicken with all that.  This was probably one of the best Fried Chicken I've ever ate.

Of course, the menu at Brooklyn Bowl is so extensive, I came back a couple nights later because I was really curious about their French Bread Pizzas.

The Theresa -- http://bit.ly/1nrpaD8
Mushrooms, Butternut Squash, and Roasted Garlic.
This French Bread Pizza was pretty impressive! It came loaded with mushrooms and squash and tasted really good!   Definitely not the Stouffers pizza that you grew up with.   I really underestimated this pizza because I was stuffed halfway through and boxed up the rest to take to my room.  Probably better to share with a group, but if you're really hungry, it should fit the bill nicely.  Next time I'm probably going to try the Classic or San Gennaro.

I haven't been to the original Brooklyn Bowl in Brooklyn so I can't really compare the two or say how closely it resembles it, but it's definitely a must-see spot on the Strip.  I will be back again to maybe go for a couple rounds of bowling, check out what concert is happening, and definitely to try the rest of their menu, and of course, more Fried Chicken!!
This place is top notch.  The food, wine and atmosphere.  It's a fun place,  the service is amazing.  It's a well ran place I just wish it was up in Summerlin
Came here for a few beers and sat at a cute little girls table named Alexandria. Great Service, Great atmosphere! Def coming back to bowl next time
Love this place. Going during the day is fun for the whole family. My 6 year old loves it. They have a desk for locals make sure to ask for it. The couches are cool and comfy. They also have a huge restaraunt and it looks very cool for a music venue. Can't wait to see a show. 

The fried chicken is delicious as well as the Stella cider.
It's fun to be at this yelp event, I have to come back when there's no event. We got to bowl 2 games while the party was full on!
I did come back the next day because I won Life is Beautiful lineup party tickets!  When it is not a special event things are similar but you have to pay for everything.  We ate while the stage area was full on action and we watched on TV screens.  This was a great option for 2 hunger people that needed to sit instead of smashed in a crowd. I will post photos of food,  it was good, large portions and worth price.  It was great to see they have many A grades from the Department of Health, they proudly post for all to see!
This was my first and only visit to the Brooklyn bowl. I loved the ambiance of the business but the bowling is what ruined my night. When there's a live concert there's a $100 minimum fee for the bowling which is so dumb. Then we waited until the concert was over so we only had to pay $25/per half hour (still not worth it) and they add food and drinks onto the one bill and charge for everything. Socks. Food. And unless you're playing they won't let you in so they wouldn't let our friends in. Most expensive bowling game I've ever had. $390 without tip. Also the service at the Lanes was slow. My friend asked the server what beers were on draft and he replied, "it's on the menu." Simply, they weren't friendly and over charged for everything! Never again Brooklyn bowl.
The food and the service were excellent.  I had reservations and arrived about ten minutes early, the hostess seated us right away.  Drinks and appetizers were quick and delicious.   The place was gearing up for a live band, most every weekend, and the crowd was lively.
This is a multipurpose space (dining, bowling, and musical entertainment), but having seen it featured years ago for it's fried chicken I was clearly there for the grub. Being a fried chicken connoisseur, I know how to tell what's sufficient, adequate, and optimal. This fried chicken battered in matzo and seasoned with some kind of magic dust is a first ballot hall of famer.

The crunch is one to remember. Matzo gives it a unique taste and texture you're likely not to have experienced. The seasoning is whimsical. Flavorful, but not overwhelming. Spiced, but not hot. However you decide to order just plan to for everyone to have at least two pieces. We ended up with 16 after initially ordering 8.

Here's what took this place to a five: Buttermilk pancakes. Yes, that good and I don't even like pancakes. First off, it can feed a small family of four or two hungry versions of myself. Yup, couldn't finish it. Maybe in my college years I could have done it. The pancake had crunch on the outside yet remained extremely fluffy in the inside. I've never had a perfect pancake and if I ever had to declare one to be flawless I'd put house money and my life savings on this recipe.

My suggestion is that share it so you can enjoy at least two pieces of chicken :)

This place is en route to the high roller so if you plan on going on that attraction I suggest you eat here after in case you get motion sickness.
As a local, this place is a RIP OFF! All tourists are getting scammed! First of all, the venue is set up poorly so that you can't see anything and you waste your time and money buying drinks that are hot, over priced and water down! Our experience started by ordering a few rounds, every time we got up to dance and let our new drinks covered on the table, the waiters would come remove them. This happened 3 times and at that point we had spent over $200 alone on alcohol. If you are a local you are getting charged 350% more for a beer that is shittier than any other place off the strip. It is a good concept however, poor management, business designed to rip off tourists/ customers in general and worst of all the Operations Manager Mike Kaupoe could care less that we were dissatisfied. I wouldn't even give this place any stars because when we asked for our money back, we were just given managers card with comped drinks that we will never get because we will NEVER GO BACK! OVERALL TERRIBLE FIRST/LAST EXPERIENCE! Have fun getting ripped off!
Rolling Stone magazine may call this place "one of the most incredible places on earth", but the fascination goes down when you actually have to pay for the experience. In theory, it's an amazing mix of bowling alley, music venue, bar, and restaurant, with separate areas for each and even a patio overlooking the hoppin' Linq area.

Amelinda's review thoroughly details the pricing difficulty with their musical acts- the only way to get the advertised price and avoid miscellaneous fees is to order in person at the box office with cash. But no local wants to go to the Strip just to make a purchase unless they work nearby. 

I'm not a huge bowling fan, but it's a great place to do so- but a group of 6 took about 45 minutes for a single game, and at like $30/half hour not including shoe rentals, that's pretty steep. Best advice would be to include the sock/shoe fees in the lane rental for what they're asking, or bring it down about $10. I'd understand increased pricing during concerts due to demand, but going on a weekday evening the place was dead.

And now for their food. You're on the Strip, so it's ridiculously priced. Variety is good, with some unique  appetizers including knishes and a smoked fish plate! But their "famous" fried chicken was too salty for me to enjoy and simply did not stand out or wow me in any way- maybe you have to be drunk or from some place other than the south.

Maybe I'm a cheapskate but it's not worth dropping $100 for a couple to enjoy for date night. Props for being a one-stop shop for it all, but music would be the only thing to bring me back here specifically.
Second time through BB took a step back.  Stopped in on a Sunday night just for some dinner and we almost had the place to ourselves.  We talked up the place to some friends from out of town and said we should try it for dinner...which was also a bummer when the full experience didn't deliver.  I'd the staff out numbered the patrons in the dining room, but that's their problem not mine.

The real bummer came with the service.  You'd figure with such a lack of diners, it wouldn't take as long as it did to get our entrees and the check, but it did.  Infrequent visits from our waiter to refill drinks didn't help matters either.  All in all the food (fried chicken and wings) were still good and we will probably come back for a concert at some point.
One of the best venues I have been to in this city. Great atmosphere, the music sounds phenomenal inside, and on top of that, the food is amazing. A friend and I split the BBQ Pork Sliders, and man were they tasty!

So far I have seen The Roots and Primus here. Next up is Wu Tang... for the children :)
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(171/365) "Finger Lickin' Good!"

So we returned to Brooklyn Bowl  the day after our Nerdy Bowling event for the Life is Beautiful Line up concert and party. Its a cool spot to hang out, get your suds and strikes on, listen to some live music, and of course, get some tasty grindage here!

We had an assortment of tasty bites the night before, so while we were waiting for the concert to start, we got a spot right up at the bar. Everyone from the Hostess to the bartenders were awesome from start to finish. We split the Chicken Dinner ($18.99, all dark) and I'm glad we did because the portions were generous! 4 pieces of chicken on white toast, collard greens, and mashed potatoes and gravy. Ever since Kathy's shut its doors, Brooklyn Bowl is one of my top 3 fried chicken spots.

The concert had started and a local rapper was featured and he was pretty good. The "surprise guest" turned out to be Girl Talk, which I had no idea was a DJ/EDM music dude, or whatever genre you wanna call it. It was cool, just not my scene. Looking forward to possibly seeing a show in the future.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
First visited Brooklyn Bowl for Elvis Costello and the Roots. I was amazed by this  venue. I've been a concert goer in Las Vegas since high school and the music scene has grown exponentially over the last couple of years. I love that Brooklyn Bowl supports local artists and musicians on top of bringing some alt and top bands to the Strip. 

It's all a bit pricey, but where else can I say I've bowled with Elvis Costello playing live on my bowling screen and behind me? Gather your friends and split a lane. Eat french bread pizza and knock back beers. It's a huge venue with lots of intimate corners. I love the old-timey amusement park feel to it all. 

This venue is exactly what Las Vegas needs!
As a regular bowler and have visited the actual Brooklyn location, I found this location to be a complete let down. $30 for a half hour of bowling and a band rehearsal or sound check while bowling isn't the best ideal way to spend $30. The actually place is cool but wouldn't recommend bowling here at all.
Ok, so I have a love/hate relationship with this place. 
First the good and why I love BB. I love the whole concept of this place, the decor, the layout, and the multiple forms of entertainment. BB is one of my favorite music venues in town, tickets are relatively cheap, and they support lesser known bands that most vegas venues wouldn't feature. They serve Brooklyn Brewery on tap (an awesome domestic brewery) and the fried chicken is bomb!
Now the bad and why I don't like BB. $30 for a pitcher????? I get it, it's on the strip, but come on! The bowling lanes are fun and have a very hip decor, however the lanes are shorter than average lanes and the pins are attached to strings which don't allow the pins to fall over as easily as regular lanes. Lastly, during the day when they are setting up for a band later that night, all the sound checks and instrument checks get pretty annoying when you're trying to have a good time bowling. 
Other than going to concerts and eating, I probably won't be coming here much.
The brand new "Brooklyn Bowl" in the new "Linq" area of Vegas (behind Harrah's) is both amazing and a disappointment:

Food - 5 stars. Some of the menu options are ridiculously pricey, ie: 8 pieces of honey fried chicken for $24, but the daily specials are amazing. $10 for a HUMONGOUS fried chicken sandwich with fries. The fried chicken was perfect, with honey drizzle and hot sauce. Perfection! The brisket with southern slaw and collared greens was delish.

Drinks - pricey. Maybe $2 too pricey with $12-15 drinks for a non-club.

Service - 5 stars all the staff is really attentive.

Marketing - 1 star. This is where it fails. From the outside half the people I asked said it looked like a bowling alley, the other half said a small concert venue. Both are correct. It's so hard to see inside that you don't realize how gigantic it is inside with multiple floors, awesome decor and tons of room, indoor and outdoor patios, to roam and explore.

Give it a shot and tell their staff to work on marketing it from the outside. It's worth it once they come in.
Service was solid. Our waiter (Asian guy who used to work at the Bellagio) was one of the best I have had in the city. He was attentive and made sure my daughter was having fun which is 99% of the battle in a dining experience out with a 4 yr old. The fried chicken was amazing. Also, the mashed potatoes and gravy was great as well as the collared  greens. They were the best I have ever had at a restaurant. 

Great addition to the strip. Good job!
Couldn't help not to stumble into their bright theatre-style lights on our way to the High Rollers, so afterwards, had the craving for a sweet tooth, and surprisingly, that Cupcake/Ice cream place closed by midnite, c'mon it's Vegas lol.

But glad it did b/c decided to check out the dessert menu, looked promising with the chocolate chip bread pudding or banana split but server gave the slight edge to the former.  

Not just deleesh bc of the sweetness, which really didn't look that bad, just chocolate sauce, but the texture of the bread pudding was just right; a light crunch, amazingly not too soggy given how the vanilla ice cream melted right away.  Recommend for sure.

Overall, it's a nicer higher-end casual place, esp. for a bowling joint; also a good place to have some drinks too.  Like the grand entrance up the escalators, high ceilings and really, an overabundance of workers, must've dealt with about 6 different staff by the time it was said and done lol.
Delicious french bread pizza, Brooklyn Lager, free live reggae on Sunday, and all in Las Vegas...what more can you ask for?